[{"Movie":"Grease","Title":"We'll always be together","Author":"greasergirl20","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13253277","Passage":"[Chapter 1] We'll always be together ch1 AN: Hey guys, this first chapter of the sequel to you're the one that I want; I hope you like it. This chapter will be from Sandy's POV, the title was inspired by the song \"We Go Together\" Please read and review, it would be greatly appreciated. Disclaimer: I do not own grease, or the characters or any of the songs, Greasergirl20 x After the carnival, we spent the day at the diner, and Danny didn't feel the need to hide the fact that he was with me. I was stared at by a few people from the school, Patty and Tom watched as we walked in; I could tell she was stunned that I had turned myself into a different person. Tom on the other hand couldn't stop staring at me. Danny told him to mind his own and to stop staring at his girl or there would be trouble; the girl I used to be would have blushed at the attention, but the new me loved the attention; I kissed Danny, passionately. Tom cleared his throat and turned his attention back to Patty. The rest of the gang showed up, and we talked. Rizzo spoke up \"Hey love birds, we get it; you're back together and you're happy, but enough already with the making out\" She looked at me \"Thanks for being there for me today, it was a false alarm; I'm not pregnant, but again I want to thank you for what you said, you have been so nice to me, and I didn't deserve it. By the way, Danny never cared about me, the way he cares about you, I hope you know that, and he didn't really care about Cha-Cha either\" I heard Doody shout \"HEY! She ain't a caged animal!\" I guess more people were looking at me; Danny kept his arm around me the whole time, he didn't move from my side either; I guess he was finally comfortable to have me around his friends. Frenchy spoke \"Sandy, don't let them get to ya; I guess Patty Simcox has finally realised that she don't stand a chance of getting anywhere near Danny now, not that she ever did, she was far too pure to be pink\" Rizzo told me that it was time that I became a Pink Lady; I couldn't believe it, I guess I wasn't too pure to be pink anymore. I must not have spoken as Rizzo called my name a few times, Danny looked at me. \"Well, Sandy; what do ya say? You wanna be a Pink Lady or not?\" I nodded \"Of course, I mean yeah; that would be great\" I looked at Frenchy and smiled, she hugged me. Rizzo looked at me and smiled \"Well Sandy, you're officially a Pink Lady; I gotta say, you ain't Sandra Dee no more, this look suits you, I hope you keep it up\" I nodded and spoke again \"I guess I got an image to protect\" All the girls giggled, Jan smiled and hugged me, and she looked at Rizzo \"Can we give her the jacket now? I mean she is a Pink Lady now, she needs a jacket\" Marty looked at me \"Welcome to the Pink Ladies Sandy\" I was given a jacket, with my name on it. I guess it was made after the carnival; I guess my new image worked, not just for Danny. But it must have worked for them too. This is who I wanted to be, I was finally accepted as one of them. It was great; here's to many more days, even years like this. ","Summary":" We'll always be together ch1 AN: Hey guys, this first chapter of the sequel to you're the one that "},{"Movie":"Grease","Title":"A Sunday Kind of Love","Author":"iloveromance","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13079577","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sandy sighed and slumped into the sofa, even though the moment had long since passed. The memory of her conversation with Danny at the Frosty Palace just two days before still ran through her mind as though it had happened seconds ago. \"My parents want to invite you over for tea on Sunday.\" She said, excited at the prospect of inviting her boyfriend over to meet her parents. \"I don't like tea.\" Danny's ridiculous comment made her laugh. \"You don't have to drink tea!\" \"Well, I don't like parents.\" The kids who surrounded their table laughed hysterically and although she was hurt by his sarcastic remark, she suspected that he said it to amuse his friends (and it worked), but the real disappointment was yet to come; having to go home and tell her parents that he declined her invitation. What would they think of him? She tried to remain as cheerful as possible (after all, what could she do?) But the closer it came to Sunday the harder it was to put on a smile. Meanwhile, she and Danny went through their usual Friday night routine, a movie at the drive-in and then dinner at the Frosty Palace. She made polite conversation during the whole evening, only half-listening as he went on and on about his latest track meet. She sat across from him sipping her banana milkshake, hoping that Danny wouldn't notice her quiet disappointment. But of course, he noticed. He knew her better than anyone. He reached across the table for her hand. \"Sandy, are you all right?\" \"I'm fine, why?\" The words were honest enough but her tone suggested otherwise. She couldn't help herself. \"Is this about Sunday?\" \"What about it?\" She asked, feigning innocence as she took a sip of her shake. \"Look, I'm sorry, I just-.\" She sighed. \"It's all right.\" \"Sandy, you know how I feel about tea.\" \"Yes, you made it clear that you don't like tea. Now before we get into some horrible fight, let's just sit here and enjoy our shakes, all right?\" \"I'm not trying to start a-.\" She ignored him and brushed away a tear, pulling her hand from his in the process. She could hear him mutter something under his breath and then sigh. Silence fell between them and when their burgers and fries arrived, they ate in silence. She was grateful that they were alone, with no Rizzo, Frenchy, Kenickie, Marty, Jan, Doodie, Putzie or Sonny around to bother them. But the silence was louder than any conversation could ever be. (Two days later) Sunday finally came, but Sandy wasn't happy. She tried to be, but her plastered on smile gave her away. There was no denying that she was more than a little disappointed. \"I'm sorry, Mum, Dad. I tried. I really did.\" She confessed as they got ready for tea. Her mum smiled. \"It's all right, dear. Perhaps your young man was busy with track and his other school activities, not to mention other obligations.\" \"It's Sunday, Mum. He doesn't have any school obligations.\" \"Even so, we'll just try another time.\" Sandy smiled. \"I guess you're right.\" \"Hey don't worry about it.\" Her father said, rising from his chair. \"I'm sure we'll meet this young man sooner or later.\" She was just about to help her mum with the teacups and dishes when the doorbell rang. \"I'll get it!\" she called to no one in particular. Who would possibly be at her door in the middle of the afternoon on a Sunday? And when she pulled the door open, she was hit with the second-biggest shock of her life. \"Danny?\" He grinned, looking so handsome (and very out of character) in a navy blue suit with a pink shirt and a burgundy tie. \"Hey Sandy, I hope I'm not late.\" Her eyebrows rose. \"Late?\" \"Yeah, you know, for tea.\" She couldn't believe what she was hearing. \"Y-you mean-.\" \"May I come in?\" \"What?\" She stammered. \"Oh, yes of course, but-.\" \"Sandy, who's at the door? I-. Oh, hello. And you are?\" Danny smiled at her mum. \"I'm Danny Zuko. I'm sorry I'm late. I…\" \"It's all right. It's nice to meet you, Danny. We're so glad you could make it. Sandy said that you had some other obligations.\" \"Yeah, well, I'm not doing that now. Which is why I'm here, I guess.\" \"Well, we're happy to see you. Oh my, what beautiful flowers!\" It was then that Sandy noticed the bouquet of pink flowers in his hand. Her heart fluttered. No boy had ever given her flowers before, even in Australia. \"Thanks, they're for you.\" To Sandy's surprise, he handed the flowers to her mum. Her heart fluttered even more than before. \"Danny, how thoughtful. Oh, this is my husband.\" \"Pleased to meet you, sir.\" Danny said, extending his hand. \"Same here. Sandy talks about you so often, we feel like we know you.\" Danny's face reddened. \"Aw, well…\" \"Come in, the tea is piping hot and I have fresh scones and jam.\" That was an understatement. The spread was wonderful and not only included scones, jam and butter, but homemade cookies, fresh fruit and of course the tea. \"Great, I'm starving.\" Danny said, following Sandy's parents into the dining room. \"So how did you two meet again?\" her father asked, as Sandy poured the tea. Danny seemed more than happy to recount the story of how they met on the beach in California and spent the whole summer together. And then her dad filled in the rest, telling Danny about how they had fallen in love with America and the Golden State and decided to make it their home. \"What were the odds that you kids would end up going to the same high school?\" Her dad laughed. \"I never imagined it.\" Danny said. \"Well, our decision to move here was purely last minute, so I guess fate worked its' charm.\" Her mum said. \"Yes it was.\" Her dad replied. \"And now I'm glad that we moved. I can see how happy you make my little girl.\" \"Daddy…\" Sandy said, feeling her cheeks flush. \"It's all right.\" Danny said. \"I'm happy too.\" Underneath the table, Danny's hand slipped into hers and squeezed gently. She gave him a soft smile, knowing that she would thank him later with lots and lots of kisses. \"Would you like some more tea, Danny?\" Her mum asked. \"Danny doesn't like tea.\" Sandy said, causing her the smiles on her parents faces to disappear. \"Oh…\" Her mum moved the teapot away from Danny's cup, but he held up his hand. \"I would love some tea, actually. Thank you.\" This made her parents smile. \"Great. Please, have some scones too. Sandy made them from scratch. It's a family recipe.\" her mum said. \"They're wonderful.\" Danny said, taking another bite. \"I thought you said you didn't like tea.\" Sandy whispered. \"Yeah, I did.\" Danny said taking another scone from the flowered plate. \"Man, these are really good.\" The conversation turned to Danny and he told her parents all about his childhood and about his family. Sandy simply sat back and watched as he made polite conversation and he actually seemed to be enjoying himself. Her parents asked him so many questions that she was sure he was going to get angry, but he answered them all. He was a perfect gentleman and she regretted ever doubting him. He seemed to charm them, for he certainly charmed her. A few hours later, they stood in the living room thanking each other. \"We'll leave you kids alone.\" Her father said. \"It was very nice to meet you, Danny. You kids have fun. And Sandy, don't stay out too late.\" \"I won't, Daddy.\" Sandy said, kissing her dad's cheek. \"Goodnight, sir, ma'am.\" Danny said. \"Thank you for having me over for tea. It was wonderful.\" \"We're glad you enjoyed it. Please come back any time.\" Her mum said. \"We have tea every Sunday at 3.\" When her parents left the room, Danny took her hand and led her outside. Once they were at the drive in, Sandy didn't hesitate to throw her arms around him, kissing him like never before. He pulled back, staring at her in amazement. \"Whoa, Sandy. What was that?\" \"That was my way of thanking you, Danny.\" \"Thanking me?\" \"What you did meant so much to me, Danny. Coming over for tea when I know that you really didn't want to. You have no idea.\" \"Actually it was nice, you know? Your parents, they're pretty cool. Come to think of it, mine aren't too bad either. Maybe…\" Sandy couldn't believe her ears. Was he really suggesting…. \"Oh Danny, really?\" \"Sure, I'll ask my mom about it.\" Again she threw her arms around his neck and kissed him. \"Oh thank you, Danny! I can't wait to meet them!\" The singing hot dog and Coke vanished from the screen and Sandy settled into her seat beside Danny, snuggling against his chest. As the movie began she decided that Sunday was the best day of the week. THE END ","Summary":" Sandy sighed and slumped into the sofa, even though the moment had long since passed. The memory of"},{"Movie":"Grease","Title":"Misadventures In Babysitting","Author":"Writing4Life2018","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13241799","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ok so I know I may have written the story before, but this verison will be a little different. Sandy Olson was getting her stuffs out of her locker, getting ready to go home. Just as she shuts her locker, she felt two arms wrapped around her belly. \"How's the gorgeous girl of mine doing?\" She heard a male voice. It was Danny Zuko, the leader of the bad boy group The T-Birds. \"Oh Danny.\" Sandy giggled and turned around, hugs her boyfriend. \"Ready to go home?\" Danny asked her. \"Oh that's nice, but my parents are coming to pick me up.\" Sandy told him. \"Remember I told you that me and my folks are gonna visit my grandmother, plus we have to find a babysitter for Shane and Shelly.\" \"I know someone who babysit them.\" Danny smiled. \"You do? Who?\" Sandy asks. \"Me.\" Danny replied. Sandy smiles. \"Danny that's sweet, but do you know anything about kids, epically babies?\" Sandy asked innocently. \"Hey, I have an 8 year old little sis, beside we have Putzie.\" Danny smirked. Sandy chuckles at him. \"Ok, I'll talk to my parents and maybe we'll let you babysit them.\" \"Hey, it'll be like we're married.\" Danny winked at her before leaning to kiss her. ","Summary":" Ok so I know I may have written the story before, but this verison will be a little different. Sand"},{"Movie":"Grease","Title":"Putzie's Secret","Author":"Cutiepie2019","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13162485","Passage":"[Chapter 1] First story! Nice reviews please Putzie Jacobs was sitting on the bleachers of Rydell High football field with his best friends, who he and the guys are known as \"The T-Birds\". Putzie looks over to see a shy innocent girl standing by the gate waving to him, so he stood up. \"Babyface, where are ya going?\" Kenickie asked. Putzie turned to the guys. \"Uh, t-to the bathroom.\" Putzie lied. Danny stood up and walked over to his youngest best friend. \"That's a lie.\" Danny says. \"No I'm not.\" Putzie quickly says. \"Yeah you are.\" Doody said standing up. \"Come on, tell us what's really going on?\" Sonny begged. Putzie lets a sigh. \"Ok, I'll tell.\" Putzie stated. \"I um…I've been hanging with this new girl name, Ally Marno.\" He started. \"And she is really nice and very painfully shy.\" The guys looked at each other and back at Putzie. \"So I been showing her around the school and all…and became fast friends with her, Jan likes her too. They're both like sisters.\" Putzie added. \"Is that it?\" Kenickie asked. Putzie nods. \"Ok, so you befriend with a sweet girl…\" Danny asked. Again Putzie nods his head. \"But why did you keep this secret from us?\" Danny asked confused. \"Cause we're the T-Birds and greasers aren't supposed to be nice, epically to girls like Ally.\" Putzie said. \"Putzie, I'm dating Sandy.\" Danny told him. \"I know but…I don't want people thinking I gone soft.\" Putzie told him. \"Putzie, buddy…everyone knows you're a big softie and a big hearted.\" Doody told him. Putzie looks down and back at Danny. \"So…you guys don't think I'm a loser?\" Putzie asked. \"No of course not.\" Kenickie said, as the three walks behind Danny. \"Yeah, if you wanna hang out with that cutie, go ahead.\" Sonny told him. Putzie smiled. \"Really?\" Putzie asked. \"Yeah, we would love to meet her in fact.\" Doody added. \"You do?\" Putzie asked again. The guys nod their heads. \"Great! Cause she is amazing, a huge sweetheart!\" Putzie smiled. \"Well let's go say hi.\" Danny said tapping his shoulder. The boys walked off the bleacher and walked to the girl name Ally. \"Hiya Ally, I wanna to intrudes my friends to you, guys this is my new friend Ally, Ally these are my buddies Danny Zuko, Kenickie Murdoch, Sonny LaTierri and Doody Del Fuego.\" Putzie intruding them to each other. \"It's very nice to meet you Ally.\" Danny smiled. \"T-Thanks.\" Ally shyly. \"May I say that you look stunning in those glasses.\" Kenickie said winking at her. Ally tried to hide her smile. \"Uh thank you.\" Ally said. \"So where ya from?\" Doody asked. \"She's from Texas, I met her when I was there visting my Uncle Miles.\" Putzie told them and I was real surprise that she was moving here.\" \"So is Putzie like other any greasers?\" Sonny asked. \"Actually, Putzie is a gentleman.\" Ally stated. Danny pats his back. \"That's our Babyface.\" Kenickie smiled. \"We were gonna go to Frosty with Jan, you fellas wanna come?\" Putzie asked. \"Sure!\" Doody smiled. \"C'mon, let's go grab your books and then we can head out.\" Kenickie says putting his arm around her. \"Thanks, Putzie was right. You boys are not only just greaser leather wearing jackets, you boys are deep down down to earth.\" Ally says. \"Why thank you.\" Sonny said kissing her hand. Then they walked off but Danny pulls Putzie's arm. \"I like her.\" Danny told him. \"She's really special.\" \"You do?\" Putzie asked. \"Aw I'm so glad you guys thinks she's cool.\" \"Of course.\" Danny said. \"Don't worry what other people think.\" Putzie smiled a little. \"You're a good guy. That's why we admire you.\" Danny told him. Putzie looks up at him. \"Because you know how to show emotions when we don't.\" Danny admits. \"Listen Zuk, I know ya folks and they love you and Daisy dearly.\" Putzie told him. \"I know, I know…but Daisy is only 8…\" Danny started. \"She's know they love you both very much.\" Putzie added. \"Thanks brother.\" Danny smiled. \"Anytime Dan-o.\" Putzie said as they catch up to Ally and the guys. ","Summary":" First story! Nice reviews please Putzie Jacobs was sitting on the bleachers of Rydell High football"},{"Movie":"Grease","Title":"Loser","Author":"LittleTortillaDaddy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12932842","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I claim no ownership over 'Grease' nor am I profiting from this. Pairing(s): Sandy Olsson/Danny Zuko. Warning(s): none. Word Count: 100. Danny ruins her sweater with cigarettes and popcorn grease. Sandy can taste another girl on his breath. She tastes like wine and other things she refuses to explore. Guessing her name could take forever. Danny would never tell her anyways. Things would spin into ridiculous stories and jokes. She probably doesn't have a boring name like Sandy, though. Her sweater will go into the garbage once she gets home. A lie is easier than explaining other girls to her parents. Someone ought to tell this girl to brush her teeth more. She should be running back home. They both lose. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I claim no ownership over 'Grease' nor am I profiting from this. Pairing(s): Sandy Olss"},{"Movie":"Grease","Title":"Sunset","Author":"Random Guise","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13173864","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Decades after the final scene in the movie \"Grease\". Story behind the story at the end. Sunset The low-slung light blue convertible pulled into the driveway with a rumble and parked beside a small imported compact. It sat for a moment while the driver waited for the song he was listening to on the radio station to finish. He then revved the engine and listened to the exhaust \"brrraaappp\" before shutting it off and opening the door. Danny Zuko emerged from the driver's seat, closed the door and polished the chrome on the side mirror before heading toward the front door of the house. The domesticated part of him made him follow the sidewalk, but the rebel part made him cut the corner by jumping over a stretch of grass. Even after a full day down at his garage, he still was energized when he came home in the evening. As he jangled his keys looking for the one to unlock the deadbolt, it clicked from the inside and the door opened to reveal a young woman in her twenties. \"Thanks, Gloria. You weren't waiting by the door, were you?\" he asked with a grin. \"Are you kidding Dad? I heard the car all the way from the kitchen\" she answered as she stepped aside to let her father into the house. Danny's face became serious. \"I didn't mean to be loud, I...I...\" \"Don't worry, Mom's already awake. She's just listening to some music in the den.\" \"Oh, good. How did the day go?\" \"Pretty normal. I made some soup; mom didn't eat any but it's still hot on the stove because I knew you'd be home about now. Anyway, I have to go teach my evening class or the school will kick me out for sure.\" \"Thanks Gloria. See you tomorrow.\" The two hugged quickly and she dashed out the door to her car. Danny watched his daughter pull out of the drive and race down the street, the small engine revving. I don't know where she gets it, he thought to himself before closing the door. Walking through the house, something seemed a little odd to him until he slowly realized that it was warmer than it should be. Through the living room, down the hallway and into the den he walked as his ears picked up music playing. His wife Sandy sat in a large easy chair, her eyes closed as she listened and hummed to the instrumental music playing on the stereo. Without opening her eyes, she smiled as he walked through the doorway. A blanket in her lap, she stopped humming and said \"There he is now, the king of the castle\" in her soft voice. \"How did you know it was me? Maybe I'm Kenny\" Danny said, trying to mimic their son who was named after his best friend Kenickie. \"Nah, I heard the car, you jingle your keys when you walk and besides - you smell like oil\" she said, wrinkling her nose as she finally opened her eyes. The years had caused her to lose most of her Australian accent, but her voice was still as lovely as before. \"I had to do something; we couldn't make a living winning a few dance contests here and there\" he said, nodding his head in the direction of a shelf with assorted dancing and bowling trophies. \"It worked out okay 'cause I got oil in my blood.\" \"Not to mention you left oil AND blood in the sink yesterday; Gloria ratted you out.\" \"A goodie two-shoes just like her mom\" Danny kidded as he approached the chair to kiss his wife. \"Wait!\" she called, freezing Danny in his tracks. \"I've got a little surprise for you.\" She pulled the blankets off and showed what she was wearing underneath; the same tight black pants she had worn at the end-of-school carnival when they were seniors at Rydell High. Danny whistled \"Hot stuff!\" What he didn't mention was the fact that the pants were actually a bit loose, unlike when they had been skintight so many years before; Sandy had been losing weight since her illness. He approached and bent over to kiss her. \"You're still the one that I want\" he whispered in her ear. \"When Cha Cha DiGregorio married that lug Viggo Turcholli you didn't have any choice\" she kidded him. The former flame and dance partner of Danny's wasn't a threat to her, but she still liked to rib him about it. \"But it worked out okay; we ended up with two great kids out of it.\" \"Yeah, they're the best. Well, second best next to us I mean\" he joked with a fake pride. The years had stripped him of much of his affected macho behavior from high school and he really was like the Danny she met on the beach a lifetime ago. His stomach growled. \"Say, you wanna go in the kitchen and grab a bite?\" \"I already ate earlier, but I'd like to do that. We can watch the sunset out the windows while you eat. Help me up.\" Danny took her hands and pulled gently but firmly. She offered little resistance as he pulled and lifted her, half carrying her to the wheelchair. Settling inside, he unlocked the wheels and pushed her towards the hallway. \"No racing!\" she demanded. \"No racing\" he promised as he carefully wheeled her through the house and into the kitchen. A small table sat in a nook, the west-facing windows looking out towards a sun that was retreating from the sky. He parked her wheelchair on one side, and quickly grabbed some of the homemade soup and a roll and sat opposite. He slurped a spoonful and dunked a bit of bread to give it a try. \"It smells good, maybe I'll have some later\" she said after sniffing; although her stomach didn't want anything her brain still was attracted to the smell. Even though it was mixed with the smell of Danny's job and there were times when she absolutely hated the smell of oil; now she savored its pungent aroma because it was so much a part of Danny. She watched him eat and laughed when he looked up to make eye contact and smiled; as he smiled soup ran out of the corner of his mouth which he wiped away with his sleeve. \"They never had soup this good at the Frosty Palace\" he proclaimed. \"Sure they did, you just always wanted to get a cheeseburger and fries. And they had napkins, just like we do.\" \"Well, you have to admit they were good\" he reminisced as he finished off the bowl and pushed it aside. He then belatedly picked up a napkin and wiped his mouth to prove he was capable of basic hygiene. He looked outside and saw the sun sliding lower in the sky, which was starting to take on an orange tinge near the horizon over the school behind their house. \"It's gonna be sunset pretty soon.\" \"Oh Danny, let's go watch it outside. I can't stand being in this house anymore.\" \"What's wrong with the house?\" \"Nothing, it's just...oh please, can we?\" \"Your wish is my command\" he declared as he got up and assumed his position behind her chair. He pushed her outside and onto the back patio facing toward the west, then grabbed a lawn chair and sat down beside her. They watched as the sun sank lower, a plane left a contrail above, and kids played on the playground. \"Danny, I have to know...what will you do when I'm gone?\" \"Sandy, don't talk like...\" \"No Danny, I want to know. We haven't talked about it, but it's really important and we should. What are you going to do?\" \"I don't wanna think about it, can't we just...\" \"...not grow up? Face it Danny, I won't be around forever.\" \"I...can't imagine it Sandy. I don't want to.\" \"Why not? I haven't had much of a life since I really got sick lately; you and the kids won't have to take care of me anymore\" she said, starting to tear up. Danny jumped up. \"That's just stupid because...because...\" and then he sang: I know my heart aint the first that's broken It hurts when I see your eyes cry You're the first to know I'll never get over you Sandy looked up and picked up the song: You know that I'm more than willing Somewhere I'll be waiting for you Anyone can see We'll still have eternity Hopelessly devoted we two Danny went on: But I don't want to abide I feel like I dyin' inside Who wants life alone? Hopelessly devoted us two Hopelessly devoted us two Hopelessly devoted us two Sandy patted the chair beside her, wanting Danny to sit as she sang: Where I'm going I won't forget you My love for you won't let go Danny sat and responded: I'll hold on to the end That's what you want me to do Hopelessly devoted us two \"Say 'we' Danny, not 'us' \" Sandy reminded. And together they finished: But now apart we'll abide Until we're standing side by side In the hereafter will do Hopelessly devoted (we) us two Hopelessly devoted we two Hopelessly devoted we two \"Thanks Danny, I feel a lot better knowing that. I will wait for you; I love you Danny Zuko.\" \"Okay\" he whispered \"but I don't have to like it. Me waiting I mean\" he stammered in explanation \"you know 'cause I love you too Sandy Zuko.\" \"That's my Danny. Cover me up with that blanket, I'm getting cold out here but I don't want to miss the sunset.\" Danny grabbed the blanket from behind the chair and covered them both up, even though it was much too warm for him. They held hands underneath and watched the sunset together as the children left the park, the light faded and the stars came out. Long after he knew her time was over, Danny stayed by her side until finally he summoned the will to come back into the house after tucking the blanket in around her now still body. After he composed himself and found his voice he picked up the phone to make the calls he'd known he would have to make one day. The End A/N: When I heard that Olivia Newton-John's cancer had returned, I was compelled to write this and have been holding it in reserve because I felt the day would come too soon. Then in December when I checked up on her health I read the actress wanted to pass in the comfort of her home rather than a hospital, and it felt truly strange in context of the story I had written. But maybe on some level in this world things are because they will be... THEN I read a week later that the previous story had been from an \"anonymous source\" and the clinging to life part wasn't true, although the cancer was. So now it will be posted in celebration of continued life rather than a memorial - for we all must pass from this world eventually but it isn't just because a single news source says it's imminent! ","Summary":" A/N: Decades after the final scene in the movie \"Grease\". Story behind the story at the end. Suns"},{"Movie":"Grease","Title":"Whitewash","Author":"Val-Creative","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12903446","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 073. Whitewash . . Frenchie has never had much school spirit . That's not something a Pink Lady cares about. But she can't help it, peering through wire fence, cheering loudly for Sandy cheering on Rydell High's football team winning deadset 20 to 0. The edge of Sandy's woolen, cheerleader's skirt flies up high from a kick, revealing a pair of bright red gym shorts. There's wolf-whistles and howling as the girls pass by. Frenchie sighs, disappointed. \"If you love her so much, why don't you maa~arry her?\" Rizzo drolls out, sarcastic but winking. Frenchie crinkles her nose, poking out her tongue. . . Grase isn't mine. Very tiny snippet today but I always thought these two were super sapphic in the film! ;) Feel free to tell me if you agree or are intrigued! Thanks! ","Summary":" 073. Whitewash . . Frenchie has never had much school spirit . That's not something a Pink Lady car"},{"Movie":"Grease","Title":"Hallmark Cards","Author":"LittleTortillaDaddy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12932846","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I claim no ownership over 'Grease' nor am I profiting from this. Pairing(s): Kenicke/Danny Zuko. Warning(s): none. Word Count: 100. Cute belongs to things like cotton candy and kittens. Cute doesn't belong to someone like Kenickie. Danny could use the same words that the girls use for them, but borrowing is lazy. Kenickie has no time for lazy words. Kenickie rolls cigarettes with one hand and uses the other to jack his date off. The same hand is used to threaten them into silence. Danny never receives the: you better be quiet threat. Danny rolls him amazing cigarettes and in return gets those famous Hallmark Cards. Girls have always praised his fingers, but Kenickie's praise is purely nonverbal. Hallmark Cards. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I claim no ownership over 'Grease' nor am I profiting from this. Pairing(s): Kenicke/Da"},{"Movie":"Grease","Title":"A detective story","Author":"Rosie80","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12751383","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Goddamn...this case has sure been complicated. I would never had imagined that my old partner in so many fights, Smitty, were able to betray me that way. Since he was sentenced to jail, he has asked to see me several times...and yes, I have been tempted to go to Saint Quentin and see him. Who knows, maybe he has something important to tell me...after all, there were some loose ends I couldn't manage to solve. Anyway, if I finally go to see him, it won't be tomorrow, nor even next week. I want him to be ready to tell me everything he knows about those two perps ...they just couldn't vanish into thin air.\" I was in my bureau, thinking of my last case. Apparently, it wasn't really complicated, just the robbery of some jewels in one of those expensive, posh houses in Santa Monica. One of my partners from the war, Smith, or Smitty, as we called him, worked there as mechanic, and it was him who told me about the robbery...little did I suspect it was all a set up. Since I was released from the Army, after being seriously injured in the Midway battle in 1942, I've had all kind of jobs, even as a barman in a childhood friend's night club...he was the one who told me about Smitty's betrayal, as a matter of fact. I think it's time to pay him a visit...after all, I could say I owe him my life. And, in a more practical point of view, I have the funny habit of eating every day. Who knows, he might give me some kind of information that led me to another case...Still, it was quite early for going there yet, probably he weren't even there. I looked at my watch. Eight thirty. I had time enough to eat something before going to The Blue Rose. Most people thought it was a funny name for a night club, but it brought some fond memories. Lily, my, our Lily...I curse every day on the one who took her away from us. Both of us tried to convince her not to go with that dude, but she wouldn't listen. And some months later, her body was found in an alley...she was dropped there, alone, to die like a dog... The worst of all, was that there were no evidence against no one. We knew who had killed her, but we had no proofs of it. I still shiver whenever I think of Lily...the most beautiful girl I have ever met. There wasn't a guy in the neighbourhood that wasn't in love with her, and she knew it. But, somehow, she enjoyed being with us. It was all perfect, until we grew up, and she chose the wrong path. I was about to leave, when this lady came into my bureau. And, for one moment, I thought I had Lily infront of me. That slim figure, those big, hazel coloured eyes ...I couldn't believe it. And yet, she was also so different to Lily...it was obvious this lady was used to get whatever she wanted, when she wanted. She cleaned the chair with her gloves before sitting down. -I need your help, detective...a..a friend told me you're the only one who can help me...I have to find my sister... I had a sudden, pleasant increase in my not so high vanity. If that lady said I was the one supposed to help her...well, who was I to reject her petition? -Calm down, miss ..first of all, what's your name? I do like to know who do I work for, it helps me knowing where to go if I'm not paid properly, after doing my job. -There's no need to be so sarcastic, detective. And about the money, don't worry. My family has much more money than you'd ever see in your whole life. -She took out one of her black silk gloves and extended her hand, waiting for me to kiss it.- My name is Janelle Mulligan. Mulligan...Gregory Mulligan, you could say he was the owner of the city. There were all kind of gossip about him, and some people said he would be the Mayor someday, but up to this day, he had not shown any interest in it. His wife had left him some years ago, and he lived with his two daughters, this Janelle and Martine, the youngest. There was no high class party they didn't attend...and there had been some scandals their dad had hurried to cover...with money. It was pretty clear that solving this case would be really interesting, to pay out my debts. And...those eyes... -Tell me, miss Mulligan, when and where did you last see your sister? -Two nights ago, at the Blue Lily. She seems to have a crush with one of the musicians who play there, he plays the trumpet I think, I never paid much attention to him-I couldn't but wonder who would she pay attention to-He's a Santino LaTierri. My father went mad when he knew, and offered him a great amount of money to leave my sister alone, but he wouldn't accept... -Not everyone does such a thing only for money, miss...maybe he does love your sister. -They do, in my world. And in yours, with much more reason...-She looked at me with a patronizing glance...and despite being angered by her answer, I felt like kissing her. -Well, anyway, I know the owner of the Blue Lily, I was about to go there in fact. If you wanna come. Or, is it too ...low for you? -Will go, but a bit later. Now, let me invite you to dinner. Although, the place could be too...high for you. I should recognise I had never been to a restaurant like that one...and once she let her rich heiress behaviour, this Janelle turned out to be a real woman, not a princess grown up in her marble tower. After dinner, we walked to the Blue Rose, and she told me more things about her and her sister...and well, their life was not as bright as it looked like. I wondered if Martine would really want to be found...and if Janelle would be as brave as her sister had been, to break knots with her father... When we arrived to the Blue Lily, Janelle was surprised I was allowed to go in without even having to wait. That was one of the fanciest clubs in the whole city, and the admission was really strict. -You've left me impressed, detective...and doing that it's not that easy. -There are many things I could impress you about, miss Mulligan. There is the owner, I think I'll go talk to him. But, he was faster. As soon as he saw me, he told one of the waiters to take a bottle of his best champagne to our table, with two glasses. -This is for the house, detective Jacobs. Mr Morelli will come in one moment. -Thanks, Pierre..this is for you. Janelle looked at me, totally in shock. She would have never expected that a simple detective like me, who dealt with the worst side of the people, could know the owner of the best club in town. It didn't took longer before Dominic came to our table... -So, finally you came! And in great company...miss Janelle... -Mr Morelli... -Well, what brings you here? Knowing you, it's not only pleasure...-and he looked at Janelle. -Not only...can we go to your office? -Sure...I want to tell you something, as well-he whispered something to Pierre, who just nodded.-Well...what is this about? -Santino La Tierri...what can you tell me about him? Do you trust him? He looked at Janelle and then at me.. -Wait here...-he went out of the oftice, and we had to wait quite a while till he was back, followed by two ladies and a guy. Two of them were probably miss Martine Mulligan and her trumpet lover. I knew vaguely the other gal, she was Mireille,one of the club singers, and Dominic's most recent crush. -Martine! Where have you been? I was so scared... -I should have told you, I know, but...well, look at this. We are married. I would have wanted to tell you, but...-and Martine showed her ring to her sister. Two carats, not bad for a trumpet. We heard shots and yells outside. Dominic took his gun from his desk, and I put mine off the holster. We told the other ones to back off... -I know they are here! And they will have to come with me! Gregory Mulligan stormed in Dominic's oftice, followed by two of his henchmen, and by a shocked Pierre... -I'm sorry, Mr Morelli, they started shooting and... -It doesn't matter, Pierre...you can go. -You two, come home. Now! I'm fed up with your silly games! -This is not a game, father, not anymore. I'm married... I don't need your money, and don't want it either! I admit she had guts, young Mrs LaTierri. She stood by her husband, facing her almighty oldman. By the way he looked at her, it was plain to know he wasn't used to such a thing. -Right, because you won't see a damned penny of it! Janelle? She looked at me... -I'm not going... -You two are mad, completely mad...in any case, good luck to you, cause you'll need it! You two are just like your mother! I hugged Janelle, who was sighing on fear and relief, at the same time...then, it all happened very fast. With the corner of my eye, I saw one of Mulligan's henchmen pointing at Janelle. I moved fast and put her behind me...and instantly, felt something burning my skin and my stomach. I looked at Janelle. She was crying... -Oh no...noo! Martine, call an ambulance, hurry up! Trying hard not to fall asleep, I heard from afar the sirens of the ambulance ... /-/ -Roger! Wake up, or you won't get to school on time!. And I had told you, you could stay awake to see that detectives movie but today you'd have to get up on time... ","Summary":" Goddamn...this case has sure been complicated. I would never had imagined that my old partner in so"},{"Movie":"Grease","Title":"Day 10: 1950's version of them","Author":"5SecsOfLARRYcat","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13110980","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: This is kind of a role reversal of Grease. She was the bad girl rebelling against her parents and he was the good boy trying to please his parents. She wore leather and skin tight clothes. He wore checked shirts and jeans. She smoked and he didn't. They couldn't be more different and they shouldn't work together but they do. They both love Elvis. They love to dance. They love the drive in theatre. They love talking to each other. They love each other. They told each other everything. They will do anything and everything for each other of those they care about. They would never change a thing about the other and their friends accepted them together. Their friendship groups actually gelled well together and they all often hung out in a big group. They were on one of those big group outings now. They were all at the drive in theatre. Sandy and Danny were cuddled up under a blanket in the backseat of her convertible. \"I love you,\" Danny whispered kissing Sandy on the forehead. \"I love you too,\" Sandy smiled softly. They both knew they'd found the one for them and they weren't going to let anything or anyone come between them. ","Summary":" A/N: This is kind of a role reversal of Grease. She was the bad girl rebelling against her parents "},{"Movie":"Grease","Title":"C mon everybody ( and other stories )","Author":"Rosie80","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12751334","Passage":"[Chapter 1] C´MON EVERYBODY Have you heard? LaTierri is holding a party at his place, on Friday... I turned my head as I heard that, on my way to my Biology class. Obviously, the news about the party was a well spread rumour through the whole school. At first, it was going to be a small party only for us, but it seems these things are hard to be hidden. In no time, everyone was asking me if it was true, and even if I lied sometimes, saying there would be no such thing, I feared no one would believe me. Yeah, I knew how hard is it not to say a word, and besides, even walls can hear, but...Who knows, maybe someone had heard us in the boys' gym, or had heard the girls in their bathroom. It didn't matter now, anyway. It was settled...next weekend, my folks would be out of town and I couldn't miss the chance of having a party with my friends. -Well, maybe it would be better if you cancel it... -Oh, c'mon, Putz, don't be a spoil sport! -No, he's right, I've thought of cancelling the whole thing...but, anyway, who cares? Let's do it! Just one thing, we'll need someone to watch outside, in case my folks arrive sooner than expected. -What about Eugene? -God, Doody, you're joking, right? I don't think he'd want to go, anyway. And your sis, Sonny, would she do it? -Think so, though she'll ask me something in return...and last time, I had to wash the dishes for two weeks. Hey, it ain't funny! -I'll tell Liz, that way she'll come too and we can trust her. -Great, if your sis comes, Marcella would accept more easily... -Settled then. Next thing, drinks. We'll have to buy a lot of beers... -Hold on, hold on. Before that, we have to make sure they can't go upstairs. Bedrooms and all that is forbidden zone. And don't worry about the drinks, Marty and I will buy them. Dood, you and Frenchy take care of buying snacks, chips and all that. And you and Jan, you choose the music ok? And get some slow ones. -Ha! We will, don't you worry... Three days later... -Ok kids, we're going. Please do behave, will you? We'll be back on Sunday, but if you need some... -We won't, ma. Just go and have fun. And don't worry, we'll be fine.. -(Sure we will) I gave Marcella a stern glance...luckily, my ma hadn't heard her. Finally, they left, and I phoned the guys to tell them they could come. -The coast is clear, you can come around whenever you want. Yeah, I think people will come around eight or so. Right, see you! Marcella! Come here, let's protect the couches with some old sheets! And let's take the lamps upstairs. -Sonny, I have invited some of my friends to the party... -You...what? How many people have you...? God, I'm beginning to think this ain't a good idea... -Nah...just Judy and Bobby Driscoll, and Marsha Simmons, and...Tiffany Wilkins. -Tiffany? And did she accept to come? You're the best, sis! -Ok ok, but watch out what you do...you know how jealous Marty is... -I will, but I also want to dance a slow one with Tiffany. This girl, Tiffany, was one of the junior beauties at school, and there was a sort of rivalry between she and Marty, about which of them was more beautiful. They were completely different. Tiffany was taller, and had a long, reddish hair and green eyes. Her family came from Ireland, and some guys at school said she looked like Maureen O' Hara in this movie, The Quiet Man. Most of us wanted to be John Wayne... Not much later, the guys came by to arrange the last things for the party, and Liz and Scott, Putz and Frenchy's younger siblings, were there aswell. While the gals removed everything that could be in risk of breaking, we the guys took care of the drinks and the records. Most of them were rock and roll, or rockabilly, the kind of music we enjoyed, but there were some slow ones, too... -Only you, good choice, Doody! I do know who to dance this with. Tiffany Thompson is coming, or so said Marcella. -Really? I don't think Marty will be too glad of having her here...and you should dance that song with Marty... -Could be, but I gotta dance a slow one with Tiffany. Let me see what you have...right, this one, Love me tender. Dood and Putzie looked at me with a funny expression...I knew it could be a foolish thing to do, but I just couldn't help it... -Hey Sonny, the first guests are coming! Jan and Marcella were by the door, greeting the first ones in arriving. It was the Driscoll twins, and Tiffany. -Hi, Marcella! Are we too early? Never mind...anyway, we'll have to go soon too. The curfew, you know. What a shame! I can't wait to be sixteen... God, what a nice house do you have! I saw Marcella rolling her eyes, and just held a laughter. I went to greet Tiffany, who was staring at me. -Glad you came, Tiffany. Want something to drink? -Thanks! And a Coke will do! -Sonny, I need you to...what is she doing here? Did you invite her? Great, that was one of Marty's jealousy shows. I do love her, but that doesn't mean I can't talk...or dance...with other gals. Luckily, Frenchy and Jan came to smoothen the situation. They went with Tiffany to the living room, where the drinks were... -So? Are you flirting with Tiffany? -C'mon, Marty, let's have fun! Besides, Tiffany is Marcella's friend, and it's her party too. She can invite whoever she wants! Listen, they are playing Chuck Berry. Wanna dance? -Ok, but promise me you won't dance with her... -I promise. -and I kissed her.-You're my only one, know that? -And this is the big party, right? Well, guess we can't miss it! That was Tim Jeffries and his gang. They didn't go to our school, but we hung out with them from time to time. I hadn't told them, and nor had the guys, so we wondered how had they found out. Anyway, they were there and it could be worse telling them to leave. In fact, I could say there were more people from other schools than from ours. We all danced and had fun for the whole night long. I saw Marcella dancing with a guy I had never seen. Some people left and some more came.. Finally, Tiffany left too, and not much later, Putz and Jan told me they were going upstairs, to have their own private party, so I told them where the guestroom was... One hour later ( Jan and Putzie's POV ) We had been there, in the guestoom, for maybe an hour...We were on the bed, hugged to each other, when I thought I had heard a car coming... -Hey, Jan, listen...ain't that a car? -I got up from bed and went to the window-Yeah, it's them...Hurry up and get dressed, I hope it's not Sonny's folks. Go downstairs, I'll go in a while, and pretend I'm sleeping here ok? Good luck! -Oh God! They were supposed to come back tomorrow! Ok, see you downstairs but don't take long. Why hasn't anyone told us? I'm gonna kill Sonny! -Never mind that now...go! After she left, I waited for five minutes before going down as well. All the guests had gone as quickly as they could, and only Doody, Jan, Liz and the gals were there. There was no trace of Sonny or Marcella, but we could hear their folks scolding them. Even if the door of the kitchen was closed, we heard their father's angry voice. -What happened, why did they come earlier? -No idea, I hope Sonny and Marcella aren't too grounded. And you'd better go, Putz, they don't know you're here, and... -No, I'm not leaving...I have enjoyed the party as much as you all, and now I can't leave just like that...it won't be that terrible, anyway. Just then, we saw Sonny and Marcella going out of the kitchen. We tried to ask them what had happened, but they had no chance of even stopping to talk to us...just went upstairs to their rooms. Then, their father looked at us, and he seemed to be terribly annoyed... -Ok...I want to talk to your parents, so right now all of you will give me your phone numbers. You first -and he stopped in front of me, and I just had to give it to him. Then, all the others had to do the same... Two days later, at school... - Two weeks. I have been grounded for two weeks without watching tv, or going out on Friday, or... It was lunch time, and we all were at the bleachers, along with Liz and Scott. We hadn't had seen each other the whole weekend, and hadn't even talked since last Friday -Yeah, so have we all, what a mess! I think they all agreed to ground us the same way...and besides, we do have to do all the washing up for a month.. -What a shame, but it was worthwhile, don't you think? We enjoyed the party quite a lot! -That's true...we'll have to plan another one! -Oh c'mon Sonny, you're joking right? After being grounded for two damned weeks, you still think of having another party? -Yep! But next time, we'll have to be more careful! School days (Putzie) Damn hell, how do I hate that alarm clock! Just now I was having such an exciting dream, about the cowboys movie I saw tonight. I was the sheriff in a small village, and...well, never mind now. I'd better get up, or I'll be late yo school, and I've already had one detention this week, I can't have another one! Anyway, what's the point in studying History or things like that? I do like and enjoy Maths or Chemistry, I don't mind admitting it, and besides they can be useful if I want to have my own garage...but History? I can't see why Doody likes it so much. Holy God, it's about people who lived hundreds of years before! And to make things worse, Bobby Taylor is in my History class, just behind me. I can't bear him! He pretends being funny, but he's as boring as a bunch of sheeps! And well, he was the one to be really blamed for my last detention. And I tried to convince Mr Lean that it hadn't been my fault, and so did Sonny, but he just didn't listen. I guess it was because of the fame we have, among the teachers... I can't see the day to end here, sure I won't miss it! No one of us will do, most probably. The only thing I will miss is not seeing the others every day, as we do now, but I know we will keep seeing each other. Lunch time at last...I'm starving! I do hope they sell something fine today, no artichokes and hake like yesterday. Hake...if only it had been cod, it would have been fine, but hake...and without mayonnaise, to make things worse. And it will be like each day, there will be no way to get a free place. It would be much better to bring something from home, even if it's just a sandwich, and to eat it at the bleachers, as we use to do. It's not the most confortable place, but at least we don't have to bear all those queues. I'll tell the guys, to see what they think. And if the gals wanna come too, it would be great. It's a shame, Jan and me only see each other at lunch time... The only one who could refuse to eat at the bleachers would probably be Marty, but if all the others do agree, I hope she finally gives in. Well, let's see what do we have for lunch today...ribs and rice, not too bad. Oh, and I see over there Marty and Sonny, gotta sit with them and tell them my idea. Wonder where are Frenchy and Doody... Oh God, that's the bell calling us to class again. And now we have Literature. The subject is fine, but the teacher we have..oh God, she has no idea of teaching! Instead of talking about the books we have to read, she just tells us the writers' life...thank God I'm in the last row and I can sleep from time to time. Another borin'school day is through! And today is Friday finally, we have a long weekend waiting for us. Man, I'm looking forward to have high school done and forget about all this, I'm fed up with their rules. And yet, I guess I'll have to think what to do when this is over, I mean, I know I'll have to get a job and all that, but...well, there's plenty of time to take a decision, we're just in January. Now I just intend to enjoy my weekend as much as I can...I talked to Jan before, during lunch break, and asked her to meet me at Mel's drive in, right after class. I don't want to go to Frosty's, not in this occasion at least. I...well, I'm rather fond of her, and want to ask her to go steady. To be true, I think she's fond of me too, or so say the guys, but I'm not completely sure, and just in case she says no, I prefer not to be at Frosty's when I talk to her. I only hope she'll say yes! I have to think where to take her, if she accepts. Somewhere to be on our own, where we can dance and talk, and...maybe Mel's will do, yeah. It can be our place, why not? Doody B Goode I will make it, I'm sure of that! I don't care a dime if everyone says I'm just being delusional and that I'd better find me a job. That's not what I want! Let's see what do they say when they have to pay for hearing me play my Les Paul. For the moment, I do have a gig tomorrow...it's just a high school dance, but it's fine for a start. Even Buddy Holly started this way. Buddy was great, sure, but I like better Eddie Cochran or Chuck Berry, they're just guitar gods! If I only got to be half as good as them... Well, let's try Summertime Blues again...I have to do it perfect tomorrow night! I do hope you have enjoyed enough these stories as to vote and comment on them...thanks in advance ","Summary":" C´MON EVERYBODY Have you heard? LaTierri is holding a party at his place, on Friday... I turned my "},{"Movie":"Grease","Title":"The Darkest Secrets","Author":"califkylie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13144303","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 It was the day of the dance off at Rydell High School and all the Pink Ladies were with their T-Birds. Well, all except Marty, who was busy chasing after Vince Fontaine. They started off with a few practice songs, but when the dance off actually started, that's where it all began... Danny and Sandy were dancing the hand jive, taking the crowd by surprise. They were having the time of their lives until Cha Cha stole Danny away from Sandy, who stormed out of the gym in a state of anger and sadness. Strangely enough, when Danny and Cha Cha had their spotlight dance, there was a spark in their eyes for each other that nobody else could see or feel. Just the two of them. After the dance off was over and the students were leaving the gym, Cha Cha pulled Danny aside and kissed him quite passionately. Danny pushed her away, yet he did so with reluctance. \"This isn't right. I was here with Sandy,\" he said, with a hint of regret in his voice. Cha Cha stared at him coldly before softening her composure and replied softly and sensually, \"That goody two shoes? Don't you want to be with a real woman like me?\" she scoffed. Danny had never thought about it like that before. Sandy was a goody two shoes. There was no denying it. \"That's the reason the rest of the gang made fun of me in the first place,\" he thought to himself. Besides, he did feel something for Cha Cha. And it wasn't something he could feel for a goody goody like Sandy... Sorry this is so short. This is actually my first fanfiction I have ever done, I just misplaced it for a long time, but it just resurfaced, so I am putting it out there for you guys. Please Review! I need to know if this has any potential... ","Summary":" Chapter 1 It was the day of the dance off at Rydell High School and all the Pink Ladies were with t"},{"Movie":"Grease","Title":"Farewell my love (60 years later)","Author":"Rosie80","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12800075","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Los Angeles, october 2017 I walked out of the doctor's office with a sad feeling and a decision rolling across my mind. Jan was by my side, but she wasn't really there. Looking at her, so lost and so fragile, broke my heart, and I couldn't but curse fate, for being so unfair with her. She didn't deserve going through something like that...no one did, in fact. At first, it had been small omissions, and to be true, I didn't care about them as I maybe should, and that burden keeps being over my conscience. If I had done something, she might be better now. But, how could I know what was really threatening her? Bit by bit, however, I got to have a small idea of what she had, and it scared me to death. Alzheimer. That damn word. First signs of alarm came one morning, a year ago, when we had just got up. Even now we're retired, we do like getting up soon, and go for a small walk after breakfast. But that day, as I went out of the shower, she looked at me as if I were a complete unknown. I went to her side, and doing a big effort kneeled down and tried to talk to her about the things we had planned to do that day. Her answer made me shiver: \" At what time will you pick me, to go to the dance off? I don't wanna be late!\" The dance off, our high school, our friends...all that was longtime gone. I hadn't thought of them for ages, and however, for Jan it was as it had happened the day before. Holding my tears and my fear to her, I got up and phoned our doctor, telling her what had happened. Her voice, so serious, wasn't reassuring at all, and I assumed what she had. When we went back from the doctor's office, with a confirmed diagnosis, I phoned my children to tell them. Terry, our eldest daughter, is a policewoman in San Francisco. Jan and me weren't too happy with her decision, being a cop is always a dangerous job, and to be true, maybe if she had been a \"he\", we'd see things in a different way. But as time went by, seeing how glad she was being a cop, and how well respected she was, all our doubts vanished into thin air. She's a detective by now, and a pretty good one. Our youngest, Scott, works as a Biology teacher, in Colorado. He's trying to come closer, but till now, he hasn't been lucky enough. That´s life, anyway. I guess you have to assume things as they come. I wish any of them were here, since I can't deal with this on my own, but they both have their own life away from home. I don't know if they'll understand what I'm going to do. Still, it's my decision... I can't bear any more seeing Jan declining so much and so fast, and I can't bear either being a single minute without her by my side. We've had a fine life, with our ups and downs, and our struggles and our happy moments, and when we got married we promised to each other being there, in good and bad moments. We've both stuck to that vow, and now more than ever, I'll be by her side. I'm not scared at all about this, what does scare me is thinking of how would my life be not having Jan around. When we arrived back home, I put Jan to bed and went to the kitchen, to prepare the orange smoothie, her favourite, and added a box of the sleeping pills our doctor had prescribed us. Then, before giving one to her and drinking the other, I sat at the table and took a piece of paper and a ballpen. \"My dear Terry and Scott...\" ","Summary":" Los Angeles, october 2017 I walked out of the doctor's office with a sad feeling and a decision rol"},{"Movie":"Grease","Title":"Bullying & Harassment","Author":"Writergeek18","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13218376","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ok, so lately I've been seeing someone literally harasshing my good friend, Writing4life2018, for a long time. Now I know opinions are opinions, but this what is happening to my friend has gone too far enough and it's bothering to see my friend getting bullied for no reason at all. She is a very, very Suicide girl. However this person, (because it's looks like it's comes from the same person every time she posts Grease fanfics) just keeps on harassing her and cyber bullying her and doesn't even have a brain to think that some people can have mental issues. I'm not gonna say name because I don't like to deal with dramas, but this person does. Now what I think about people harassing a sweetest person, like my friend(for example: FanFiction or Wattpad) are not smart or don't even realize that when the website say \"FANfiction\" it means people can write whatever they want to write or write how they want to write it. The reason why I put this in the \"Grease\" category is because whenever my friend write a story about Grease. I try to ignore it and so does she. But I know inside it hurts her bad, her family and I are so protective of her cause we feel like she's gonna end her life. When she told me she almost end her life because the reviews she received in the past, I felt so mad at this person and I was so BLESSED that she is still here with us. But this has gone far enough and I am DEEPLY disappointed in these kind of humanity towards others. Now let's talk the Grease casts shall we. Do you really think they'd appreciate their \"fans\" constantly bullying and harassing their fans? I don't care if you are so f-ing bother by grammars or how the stories goes, but that's doesn't give you the right to torment nice people. My friend can write whatever she wants to write and you can too. I prayed every FUCKING night to God to make sure that my friend or anybody like her don't commit Suicide because some horrible low-life pathetic lonely loser keeps tormenting hero era a FUNKING FANFICTION! I mean what the hell?! If it bothers you so damn much, then get out of here! I am just so DAMN sick of my friend being so depressed and miserable! FanFiction is a place for FANS to write FANfictions. So please, whoever is constantly bullying and harassing my friend \"Writing4life2018\", PLEASE FOR THE LOVE LIFE JUST STOP! There is NO reason to be a bully and mean to people. P.S. Also the fact that one of the Grease fanfic users keep coming up as a \"guest\" is really a coward! Not only you pretend you don't have a FanFiction account and posing as a guest, by blocking her so you can sneakily attack her is really, really, EXTREMELY unhuman! GO GET SERIOUS PROFESSIONAL HELP, CAUSE THAT IS NOT HEALTHY AT FUCKING ALL![Chapter 2] p style=\"margin: 0px; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 17.4px; line-height: normal; font-family: '.SF UI Text'; color: #454545;\"span style=\"font-family: '.SFUIText-Bold'; font-weight: bold; font-size: 17.41pt;\"Please don't say you're just trying to help her and giving her criticizing her, because what you're doing his cyber bullying and harassment. How would you like if someone did that to you? You wouldn't like it all! To be honest, the real reason why nobody write Grease fanfics anymore because people like you drive them off of the website and make them go through depression. Never in my entire life have I seen SUCH rude and ignorant people, EVER! You are causing dramas. Now I'm not trying to scare you or anything(you probably wouldn't care cause you're not a nice person at all), but you need to think before you write or say because people like my friend, have a very, very sensitive feelings and can cause them to have Suicide thought. I'm not kidding! I screenshot all the reviews you had given to her and I can report you, I'm not kidding. Because this is not cool at all. You could get in BIG trouble! I even don't know if you're a Fanfic user posing as a guest or just some low-life loser. You need to stop! My other friends warned me about you, you need to grow up and start being nice. I am so dead serious, because cyber bullying and harassing a person is a very, very serious crime you could go jail. Like I said, do you the cast of Grease will appreciate the way you treat their fans? NO! /spanspan style=\"font-family: '.SFUIText-Bold'; font-size: 17.41pt; font-weight: bold;\"My friend or anybody don't need to be treated that way! JUST FUCKING STOP!/spanspan style=\"font-family: '.SFUIText-Bold'; font-size: 17.41pt; font-weight: bold;\" PLEASE!/span/p ","Summary":" Ok, so lately I've been seeing someone literally harasshing my good friend, Writing4life2018, for a"},{"Movie":"Grease","Title":"A Fact You Never Knew","Author":"LD1232","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13175933","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Every child has an idol, someone they look up to, and to model themselves after. Usually this comes in the form of a famous athlete or movie star, but ultimately most children look up to their parents, gaining behaviour patterns and personality traits almost unconsciously. Rizzo didn't have any parents to idolise. Alright, that wasn't strictly true, but that's how she felt whenever she was left in the house alone for weeks at a time- which was often. She wasn't rich, but her Dad's job was pretty high demand and so he was away \"on business\" most of the time. Her mother, who never made it a secret how unhappy she was in her marriage, spent most of her time making up for her boredom by getting out of the house as often as possible and spending weeks on vacation, or God knows where. It was suspected that Mrs. Rizzo slept around, but there was no ground to those rumours other than the fact that she was never at home. This meant that Rizzo had to mostly fend for herself, something she had quickly grown accustomed to. However, it also meant that she had to find other people to look up to and so people like Elizabeth Taylor became her idols, donning the red lips and saucy attitude that would serve as her armour. This look was a huge part of who she was. It was her tenth birthday when she decided to cut off her hair, it was also the first time her parents left her at home alone. After waiting all day for a phone call, she knew would never come, little Betty took the super sharp scissors her mother kept in the top draw and chopped off the brunette locks that Paula Rizzo fawned over. She had hoped that it would spark some kind of reaction, and she had been right. Her father had been furious, her mother had told her she looked like a boy. Those were the only times they were ever in agreement: when their daughter did something wrong. Betty didn't blame her mother. Marrying John had never been the plan. She had wanted to live a little before settling down, had dreamed of becoming an actress one day. She might have made it too had she not fallen pregnant at eighteen. John had asked her to marry him out of responsibility more than anything else- he hadn't been all that thrilled with the prospect of a baby either. So, they had married and settled into their miserable lives together: he was too plain; she was too restless, all because Paula had allowed herself to be vulnerable in front of a man. At a young age Rizzo made a promise to herself; she would never be vulnerable with anybody, especially not a man. She refused to end up as unhappy as her parents were. Of course, this was a difficult rule to follow. Especially when her friends were all determined to break down her steel walls. She had met Marty first in Kindergarten. A little boy- probably Sonny now that she thought about it- had been trying to steel Marty's crayons and Rizzo, feeling the need to stick up for the girl, helped fend him off. They quickly became best friends, practically growing up together. Soon after, they had met Jan. She had been the new kid in school and the teacher had asked them to look out for her. As kids, they all looked out for each other. When Frenchy came along in middle school, she only completed the family. It wasn't until then that the boys started to notice them more, when the hormones started raging. They were all friends but were all too immature for anything more. Still, Sonny pined after Marty, and Doody would occasionally attempt to flirt with Frenchy. In Middle school Kenickie was a couple of years above and it was the place he developed his reputation as a ladies' man. Sometimes she would catch him looking at her and she'd be lying if she said she hadn't found him attractive, but she was too young to realise what it truly was. She would never admit that thirteen-year-old Rizz had a huge crush on Danny Zuko and it didn't go away in High School, especially not when he began to flirt back. It was 11th Grade when she and Danny started going together. It had been fun for the first few months, but then all the little quirks that used to be attractive became insufferable, and his brooding became unbearable. He was her first-time and, although it hadn't been all that special, she was a teenage girl after all and that type of thing was important to her. Not that she let him know that. Soon after, he began to realise that she wasn't the type of girl he was looking for. He realised that she would never be pure or undamaged. Betty Rizzo would change herself for no man and he must have known that because that summer he ended it. Surprisingly, it wasn't the thought of losing Danny that had hurt the most, it was the rejection and humiliation; the fact that he had been the one to end it because she wasn't good enough. Still, she didn't cry. She was more angry than upset. By the start of 12th Grade she was over it. Alright, she was almost over it. It was the first day back and things were going pretty great. It wasn't as if she liked school, but she was a senior this year. This was supposed to be one of the best years of her life. There were privileges that came with being a senior, one of which was cutting in front of the lunch line and intimidating all the freshman. \"I can't believe that actually worked!\" Exclaimed Marty. They had been waiting for this since as long as they could remember, and the noises of protest coming from the younger students only made it even more satisfying. \"What did I tell ya?\" Rizzo replied with a smirk. Then the two burst into a fit of giggles, singing their way to the table. \"Did you guys get a look at Zuko this mornin'?\" Jan asked as they sat down, \"looking pretty good this year, huh, Rizz?\" She waggled her eyebrows and gave Rizzo a knowing look. She should've expected it; her fling with Danny hadn't exactly been a private affair and so her friends liked to joke around about it. In fact, Rizzo hadn't noticed Danny at all this morning. Her attentions had been focused on the tall blonde he called his best friend. She had noticed him before, he was extremely attractive after all and most people would be lying if they said they hadn't thought about it, but this year something was different. This year he hadn't just melted into the background; no longer just Danny Zuko's co-star. There was something he had that Danny didn't, something she couldn't put her finger on. As she thought about it more, she decided that, given the choice, she wouldn't get back together with Danny. Yes, he was attractive, but he constantly felt sorry for himself- a quality Rizzo despised in anyone and strived never to have. She needed somebody who took responsibility for their actions, who didn't need sympathy from anybody. She would never find that in Danny Zuko. \"That's ancient history.\" She answered, hoping to end the conversation quickly. \"Well, history sometimes repeats itself.\" Marty teased. Weeks ago, she might have snapped at her friends for bringing up the sore subject, but today, whether it was because of the thrill of finally being a senior, or because her heart was no longer broken, leaving only the faint stab of rejection, Rizzo felt giddy. So, rather than snapping, she good-naturedly mocked Marty causing the girls to collapse into giggles. \"Hey, you guys.\" Greeted Frenchy in her usual lively tone. The red head normally rode to school with them, but today she had been asked to help the new girl settle in. \"Hi, Frenchy.\" Frenchy turned to the girl in question, whose timid face betrayed her nerves. \"Go sit down.\" She did as she was asked, awkwardly taking a seat next to Jan. \"This here is Sandy Olsen.\" Started Frenchy, taking her own seat, \"and that's Jan and Marty, and this is Rizzo.\" Sandy was an attractive, yet shy looking girl. From what Rizzo could tell, the girl didn't have a rebellious bone in her body. She was the embodiment of the word \"innocent\" and would probably have a hard time fitting in with the group of unconventional teenage girls. \"She just moved here from Sydney, Australia.\" Frenchy's voice filled with admiration, clearly impressed. \"How are things down under?\" Rizzo teased, her witty humour firmly in place. Sandy looked a little taken aback by the comment, unsure how to respond, \"Oh, fine, thanks.\" The conversation moved on until Patty Simcox arrived, spouting about the Student Council. If there was one thing Rizzo wouldn't miss about high school, it was \"The bad-seed of Rydell High.\" The girls pretended to be interested, making sarcastic comments that the preppy cheerleader didn't catch on to. Although Patty was one of the most annoying people at Rydell, and there were a lot, it was easy just to drown her out. As Patty introduced herself to Sandy, Frenchy muttered \"you guys, how do you like Sandy?\" Rizzo thought for a second, watching as Sandy smiled widely as she took a flyer for the Cheerleading squad. She never was one to judge a book by it's cover, but she had a feeling that she wasn't wrong about the purity that practically radiating from the blonde's perfect skin. \"She looks to pure to be pink.\" If only she had known how wrong she was. The conversation soon turned to the summer. \"What did you do this summer, Sandy?\" Frenchy prompted, seeing that her new friend had been quiet for a while. \"I spent most of it at the beach.\" She replied, a small smile on her face. \"I met a boy there.\" It wasn't a surprise that Sandy was the romantic type. \"You hauled your cookies all the way to the beach for some guy?\" \"He was sort of special.\" Sandy defended. Rizzo couldn't imagine being so naïve. \"Special\" guys just simply didn't exist. \"There ain't no such thing.\" For some reason, she found the girl's idyllic view of romance amusing, but it was also ridiculously unrealistic. \"It was really romantic.\" Then she described her entire summer on the beach with a guy, who sounded much to good to be true. Sandy had the attention of half the girls in school, all fawning over this perfect man. Rizzo found herself getting bored of the story pretty early on. She didn't want \"perfect\" like most girls, she wanted passion and excitement. This guy sounded like a wet rag. \"True love and he didn't lay a hand on you?\" Asked the brunette, sceptically, \"sounds like a creep.\" \"He wasn't. He was a gentleman.\" Sandy insisted. \"What was his name?\" \"Danny. Danny Zuko.\" This had to be the most absurd thing she had ever heard. The Danny Zuko had spent his summer making sandcastles and playing life-guard all to fool this poor girl into falling in love with him? The girls giggled behind her, but she thought the news would be better left as a surprise. She could find a way to use this to her advantage. So, she planted the fakest smile on her lips she could muster, \"Well, I think he sounds peachy keen. Maybe, if you believe in miracles, Prince Charming will show up again someday. Somewhere unexpected.\" This was just too good to be true, and Sandy's obliviously hopeful smile made it all the more satisfying. \"See you later.\" She said, \"Come on, Girls.\" The rest of the day was spent daydreaming as the teacher droned and Marty stressed about Algebra. Her thoughts shifted between her plan to get back at Danny and her new-found interest in Kenickie. Rizzo wasn't a monster. She didn't particularly like the new blonde girl, but this was bigger than that. It wasn't about Sandy, it was about making Danny hurt the way she had at his rejection. She doubted Zuko had ever been rejected in his life; he was so used to getting everything he wanted. Sandy's arrival was the perfect opportunity to put him in his place. It would be a bonus to see the looks on his friends' faces when they found out that wasn't the effortlessly cool leader, they thought he was. It was strange to think of Zuko as the leader of the T-Birds. Most people, including the members themselves, automatically assumed he was. He fascinated the students of Rydell: boys wanted to be him; girls wanted to sleep with him- even Patty Simcox, for God's sake- but, for Rizzo, Danny was more of the right-hand-man than anything else. In many ways, Danny was still a boy with very little experience in the word. Kenickie on the other hand had a maturity that, along with his quiet confidence and commanding presence, made him a natural born leader. Zuko might be the official face of the T-Birds, but Kenickie was the man behind the curtain; the true leader. There was something about that maturity that made her feel connected to him in some way. Her parents' absence and lack of interest meant that she had, had to grow up sooner than most her age. Though she didn't know what Kenickie's homelife was like, she felt it was something similar. They took care of themselves and only looked out for their friends. In that way they were almost like kindred spirits. Perhaps that was where the attraction had come from. Now that she was free of Zuko, she could finally explore that connection. Could finally do something about the fire she felt when he looked at her sometimes. Before she knew it, the day was over and she, Marty, and Jan were making their way to the parking lot. \"Would you cool it, Marty?\" Rizzo turned to her friend, who had been ranting about algebra for the past twenty minutes. \"You're gonna do fine.\" \"What am I gonna do if I fail, huh?\" She whined, \"I'll have to re-take the whole year!\" \"Hey, Sonny's good at math, right?\" A sly smile spread across Rizzo's face. \"Yeah... and?\" Marty's voice became wary. \"He'd be thrilled to be your \"Study Buddy.\"\" Jan chimed in, with a similar expression. Marty's eyes widened, \"Me and Sonny ? In a room alone ?\" When the girls only nodded their heads, she rolled her eyes, \"Get real. \" Her friends giggled at her flushed cheeks. Then her eyes widened again, and she exclaimed, \"Oh, Shit!\" Both Jan and Rizzo looked at her in alarm, \"I left my glasses back in class!\" The girls groaned at her dramatic tendencies. \"Jan, could you come with me?\" She pleaded. \"Sure.\" Jan nodded turning to Rizzo. \"We won't be long.\" \"Wouldn't want Einstein to look dumb.\" She smirked, referencing Marty's earlier comment about the glasses making her look smarter. The brunette just gave her a playful glare and stuck her tongue out in response. Once Rizz reached her car, her prized possession, she began searching for her keys. As she did so, she felt a presence behind her and the scent of cigarettes, car grease, and some kind of musk washed over her. It was intoxicating. She turned, and her eyes met with Kenickie's baby blue orbs. He was gazing at her intently with an unidentifiable look on his handsome face. He had never been this close before. \"How are ya, Rizz?\" She hadn't heard his voice in weeks and it sent chills down her spine. \"Not bad, Kenick.\" Then her eyes lowered to his muscled arms. She swore they hadn't looked that good last year. \"You been workin' out?\" She teased. There was something in his eyes that told her he was pleased she'd noticed. \"I've been lugging boxes at Bargain City.\" He replied, \"savin' for a car.\" She had to say she was impressed. Most guys just expected their parents to buy them a car. \"Oh, yeah?\" \"Yeah.\" His voice lowered flirtatiously. There was a silence between them and he seemed to be studying her face. For a moment, she felt that awful feeling of vulnerability. Only it wasn't so awful. \"Look, Rizz, I just wanted to say I think Zuko is a real idiot.\" That surprised her. She had assumed the best friends were on the always on the same page, especially when it came to women. And she certainly didn't think he cared that much about her. \"You do, huh?\" \"Yeah, anyone stupid enough to let you go oughta get their head checked.\" He was being unusually flattering. She figured he probably pitied her. She hated being pitied, and yet, there was honesty in his eyes as though he really believed what he was saying. His eyes became flirtatious again, \"you goin' to the pep rally Friday?\" \"Sure,\" she answered, glad for the change of subject, \"what's it to ya?\" \"I was thinkin' we could, you know, talk.\" Kenickie pulled on the collar of his leather jacket and looked to the ground. He was uncomfortable. It was kind of sweet. Rizzo was about to respond when she spotted Marty and Jan approaching the car out of the corner of her eye. \"How could I have lost another rhinestone?\" Once they'd reached the pink Cadillac, they noticed the close proximity of the pair. Trying to alleviate the awkwardness, Jan smiled widely, \"Hey Kenickie, you have a good summer?\" Kenickie cleared his throat, \"yeah, it was cool. I better get goin', got another shift.\" He turned to Rizzo, \"See you Friday.\" \"Yeah, I'll see you.\" And, for the first time, Rizzo was actually looking forward for that stupid pep rally. Thanks for reading xx[Chapter 2] The week dragged, but eventually Friday rolled around. \"I was thinkin' we should have a sleepover tonight at my place.\" Frenchy announced. It was just the four of them at lunch today, Sandy was at cheerleading practice. Just the thought of it made Rizzo want to hurl. She was relieved at Frenchy's suggestion, though. Another night of loneliness and she though she might go insane. \"Yeah, it'll be like a reunion party!\" Exclaimed Marty. \"I'll bring the snacks.\" Jan volunteered. \"I'll bring the wine.\" Rizzo responded as the only one whose parents wouldn't notice a bottle of wine missing from their cabinet. Later that day, as she was making her way to History class, her body collided with something solid and leather-bound. Her eyes fluttered up to find Kenickie staring down at her with a smirk on his face. His arms had snaked around her, holding her firmly in place. \"You oughta watch where you're going. It ain't always gonna be me around the corner.\" \"Yeah, better your hands on my ass than Eugene's.\" She responded, removing his hands from where they had fallen. His blue eyes glinted with humour, \"Sorry, your Majesty.\" Rizzo shook her head and failed to hold back an amused smirk. \"You better be.\" \"I should get goin', I gotta get to the garage, but we'll talk tonight.\" \"Actually, I'm goin' to Frenchy's tonight, so…\" Kenickie's charm never wavered. He continued to stare at her with smouldering expression, \"Well, maybe I'll drop by…\" This flirtatious back and forth was so easy, she wondered why it had never been that way with Zuko. She was able to tease Kenickie and he would tease right back. \"You do that.\" She replied with another smirk. He brushed passed her as he left, and her arm was still tingling long after. Later that night the Pink Ladies sat on the hood of the pink Cadillac, having fun mocking the peppy cheerleaders who were dancing with way too much enthusiasm. The end of the dance marked Rizzo's cue to reveal her plan to the girls. \"What d'ya say we reunite Sandy with Zuko?\" She whispered to Jan, who nodded in understanding and told the rest of the girls. They were excited, either for the drama they knew was about to unfold, or, in Frenchy's case, for the prospect of reuniting the two \"summer lovers.\" It didn't take too long to find the T-Birds, who were all fawning over what looked to be Kenickie's new car. \"Hey, Zuko,\" Rizzo called. His head snapped round, \"I got a surprise for you.\" \"Oh yeah?\" It was still difficult to get used to the look of distain on the face of somebody she had viewed as a friend just a couple of years ago. Though that would just make this moment all the more satisfying. As soon as Sandy was revealed, Danny's face took on an expression that was completely unfamiliar on his face. The excitement in his eyes made him look much younger than he had just moments before. It was as if the Danny Zuko they knew had been replaced by a decoy; a happier, goofier decoy. \"Sandy!\" Exclaimed the decoy, and his friends stared at him in utter confusion. The blonde cheerleader was equally as surprised. \"Danny?\" \"What are you doing here? I thought you were back in Australia!\" \"We had a change of plan.\" Sandy exclaimed, a huge smile adorning her face. \"I can't…\" Danny began, but, then, he paused. He had remembered that, as leader of the T-Birds, he had a reputation to uphold and this display was absolutely destroying his image. This was exactly what Rizzo had been counting on. He instantly collected himself. \"That's cool, baby. You know how it is. Rockin' n' Rollin' and what-not.\" Sandy's face dropped, devastation replacing the sparkle of joy in her blue eyes. \"Danny?\" But Zuko continued to dig himself into the giant hole he had created. \"That's my name, don't wear it out.\" \"What's the matter with you?\" \"What's the matter with me? What's the matter with you?\" The T-Birds snickered behind him obviously finding the whole ordeal hilarious. \"What happened to the Danny Zuko I met at the beach?\" \"Well, I do not know. Maybe there's two of us, right? Why don't you take out a missing persons ad or... try the yellow pages? I don't know.\" Then came the moment Rizzo had been waiting for. The moment Danny Zuko finally got put in his place. \"You're a fake and a phoney!\" She exclaimed, chucking her pom-poms at the leather clad greaser, \"I wish I'd never laid eyes on you!\" Then she ran. As the Pink Ladies left, Rizzo threw a satisfied look in Danny's direction. Revenge was really as sweet as they said. Kenickie \"I wonder if she carries silver bullets.\" Kenickie mocked as the new girl- Sandy, was it? – made her escape after tearing apart his best friend. When Danny had talked about that girl on the beach, he didn't know what he had been expecting, but it definitely wasn't that. \"So, she laid her eyes on you, huh, Zuko?\" \"I bet that's not all she laid on him.\" Danny didn't even respond to his friends teasing. In all the years they had known each other, Kenickie had never seen Zuko so cut up over a girl. Sure, he had been pissed at Rizz for a while- still was- but he had never been upset over something like this. As they drove to the supermarket to buy beer with Sonny's brother's ID, his friend hardly spoke. When he'd thrown back a couple of bottles, the situation still hadn't changed much. \"Look, Danny, maybe you should talk to her.\" Kenickie suggested. Sure, Danny had acted like a bit of a loser after seeing Sandy, but that was just girls. Chicks made you stupid. \"How could I talk to her? I don't even know where she lives.\" The downtrodden tone in his voice betrayed how taken he was with this girl. Then, suddenly, an idea came to him. One that wasn't completely selfless. \"I…uh… heard the girls are havin' some sort of sleepover at Frenchy's tonight.\" \"Where d'ya hear that?\" Doody asked in a mocking tone. Kenickie just shot him a look. \"Heard it from Rizzo, alright?\" \"You got somethin' goin' for Rizzo?\" Putzie joked, receiving a punch in the arm. \"The point is, Sandy's gonna be there. If you want to see her, now's your chance.\" After a moment, Danny nodded his head. \"Yeah?\" He asked in the brotherly tone he often used when dealing with Zuko. \"Yeah.\" Rizzo After learning Sandy would be coming to Frenchy's, Rizzo had hoped that she might learn something more about her. That maybe she might find something she liked about her, especially after that scene with Danny. She highly doubted it though and wasn't at all surprised when Sandy continued to be as sickeningly sweet as always. It wasn't just the blonde's innocence that irritated her, it was the fact that this was the girl Danny had chosen over her; Rizzo hadn't been enough yet naïve, prudish, Sandy Olsen was perfect. The thought was like a stab in the chest. Suddenly, shouts erupted from outside. The voices of Sonny, Doody, and Putzie drunkenly singing a vulgar version of Rydell's song could be heard. \"Shut up, you vultures!\" Kenickie shouted. The sound of his gruff voice made Rizzo's pulse instantly quicken. The reaction was terrifying, but also exciting. \"They can't come in!\" Frenchy exclaimed as they ran to the window. \"My Folks'll flip!\" \"Oh, Sandy!\" Came the voice of Putzie. \"Wherefore art thou, Sandy!\" \"Shut up!\" Kenickie snapped again. \"Sit down.\" As much as Rizzo loved her friends, she had to make a decision in that moment. Did she want to live her teenage years sheltered like her mother? Or did she want to give in to her reckless whims? The answer was obvious. \"You goodie-goodies are too much for me.\" She announced after pulling on her jeans, making her way over to the window, \"I'm gonna get my kicks while I'm still young enough to get 'em.\" \"What is she gonna do? Shimmy down the drainpipe?\" Frenchy exclaimed, incredulously. She could make up for ditching the girls later, but this was a window of opportunity she just had to take. So, with that, she climbed through the window, expertly navigating her way to the ground. \"Hey look. There's Rizzo.\" One of the guys exclaimed. \"You're doing that without a net.\" She rolled her eyes internally. It seemed chivalry really was dead. \"Swell bunch, rushing to help a lady.\" \"Lady? I don't see a lady.\" Mocked Doody. Rizzo wasn't offended. The guys were just goofing around, and clearly had quite a few bottles of beer in their systems. \"Shut up.\" Kenickie barked, \"Shut up!\" She would never admit it, but the fact that he had defended her made her heart flutter. It made her feel appreciated, something that was all too uncommon in her everyday life. But here he was, standing up for her, treating her like the lady she was. It was adorable to say the least. \"What's up, Kenick?\" She greeted, revelling the way his eyes soaked her in. \"One guess.\" \"You got a lot to offer a girl?\" She teased. \"You know it.\" Just the thought made her feel warmer. God, she really did want Kenickie. This should have surprised her, especially since she had just gone through a break up, but it didn't. It was as if this was how it had always been; the flirtation, the roaming eyes. As if Danny had never been a part of the equation. Suddenly, she remembered that Danny was here, and she realised this was an opportunity to make him jealous. Just for the hell of it. \"What say you, Zuk?\" \"You're lookin' good, Rizz,\" He answered, making her smile smugly. \"Eat your heart out.\" \"But sloppy seconds ain't my style.\" Well, that hurt. It stung enough to make her mask slip and for her blood to momentarily boil with fury and embarrassment. Then he got out of the car and began walking up the street. She collected herself. Betty Rizzo could not be defeated, not by anybody, and especially not by a man. \"Where you goin'? To flog your log?\" She mocked, using the vulgar language she had been chided for when she was little because it was unladylike. But Danny was unmoved, \"it's better than hanging around with you dorks.\" Then he was gone. Back to moping about Sandy no doubt. Kenickie opened the door of his beat-up old Ford, his youthful eyes sparkling and a devilish grin gracing his handsome face. Rizzo immediately felt better. \"Your chariot, My Lady.\" Charmed, Rizzo hopped in, grabbing a beer from the 6-pack in the foot well as they made their way to lover's lane. ","Summary":" Every child has an idol, someone they look up to, and to model themselves after. Usually this comes"},{"Movie":"Gladiator","Title":"Dormido entre tus brazos","Author":"LadySvart","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11241408","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: Los personajes de esta historia no me pertenecen. Cómodo, Lucilla y Lucio son propiedad de Ridley Scott. A Marcia la tomé prestada de la Antigua Roma. No hago esto con fines de lucro, solo es por diversión y aburrimiento. Summary: Cómodo ama a Lucilla con tanto ardor que su rechazo le resulta insoportablemente doloroso. Piensa en apartarse de ella. ¿Lo logrará? ¿Podrán nuevos labios borrar su recuerdo? ¿O solo intensificarán más su amor por Lucilla? [Cómodo x Lucilla] [One—Shot] Notas del fic: Tenía este fanfic guardado entre otros archivos, lo volví a leer después de un tiempo y ya que no hay mucho fandom de esta pareja quise contribuir, aunque sea con un One—shot. Espero que sea de su agrado. Dormido entre tus brazos. La tarde finalizaba. Las fiestas solares habían llegado. El palacio imperial se llenaba paulatinamente de las risas de los invitados a la cena de aquella noche. Los siervos realizaban diligentemente los preparativos para el festín, temerosos de que la más mínima imperfección fuese evidente ante el emperador. Lucilla se encontraba en sus habitaciones siendo atendida por sus siervas. Su hermoso vestido en color púrpura con bordados en plata en el escote resaltaba la nívea piel de su pecho y cuello. Sentada sobre un banco era atendida por sus siervas en los arreglos finales. Una sierva le recogía el cabello mientras la otra le colocaba un collar de plata con un zafiro finamente trabajado. Cómodo entró en aquellos momentos en la habitación de Lucilla. Embelesado por la hermosa imagen de su hermana, se quedó unos segundos en la puerta sin decir palabra alguna. — Las flores del salón se marchitarán de envidia ante tu radiante presencia, querida hermana.— Las palabras brotaron de los labios de Cómodo inesperadamente y cual susurro, sobresaltando a Lucilla. — Exageras, hermano mío.— Respondió Lucilla, cuyas mejillas esbozaban un leve sonrojo debido al comentario— El sol ya casi se ha ocultado por completo, me temo que las tinieblas alteran tu visión. — Déjenos solos —dijo en tono autoritario a las siervas, sin dejar espacio para réplica alguna por parte de Lucilla. — ¿Hay algo que deba saber antes del festín?— preguntó Lucilla, intentando sonar lo más serena posible. — No, solo deseaba hablar contigo un rato antes de la ceremonia. —Cómodo hablaba con naturalidad— Ayer no pude verte en todo el día. Te extrañé. — Ayer fue un día difícil. Lucio tenía fiebre y estuve con él casi toda la noche. — Y sin embargo, luces tan hermosa como siempre. —dio unos pasos en dirección a Lucilla— ¿Es ese collar el que nuestro padre te obsequió cuando regresó de Siria? — Sí, lo es. —respondió Lucilla, esta vez calmada por el giro en la conversación. Aquellas distantes épocas solo evocaban buenos recuerdos para ella. — Recuerdo perfectamente el día que te lo dio. —Comodo siguió avanzando hasta donde estaba Lucilla, arrastrando un banco junto a ella y sentándose a su lado— Fue el mismo día que me caí de aquel árbol de Lanuvium y me fracturé la pierna. ¿Recuerdas? — ¿Cómo podría olvidarlo? —Respondía Lucilla con una sonrisa en sus labios, mirándolo con complicidad— Solías correr por todos lados en la villa, la llenabas de vida. Y por el incidente no pudiste ir al encuentro de nuestro padre en Roma, estabas tan triste por ello —subrayó las últimas palabras con un tono de ternura, teniendo aun vívida la imagen de su pequeño hermano anhelante de ver a su padre. Cómodo sonrió ante los ojos de Lucilla. Desvió la mirada unos segundos, rememorando. Luego, sus ojos buscaron los de su hermana. Prosiguió, sosteniéndole la mirada, con voz más susurrante y confidente: — Te pedí que te quedaras conmigo a pasar la noche, en Lanuvium. Regresaste después de ver en Roma a nuestro padre y traías puesto el collar. —La cercanía y el tono de Cómodo perturbó a Lucilla. Ella desvió la mirada y comenzó a respirar agitadamente— Recuerdo que antes de dormir me narraste una historia, —Cómodo mantenía su mirada fija en ella. Lentamente, recostó su cabeza en el hombro de Lucilla—...me quedé dormido en tus brazos... Recostado sobre el hombro de Lucilla, giró la cabeza para besar la piel expuesta del escote, ascendiendo lentamente hacia el cuello. Susurró: — Te amo, Lucilla... — ¡Basta! — Lucilla se levantó enérgicamente, aunque temblaba. Avanzó unos pasos hacia adelante, dándole la espalda a Cómodo. Intentó controlar su voz, pero sonó quebradiza y al borde de las lágrimas— Ya es tarde... Debemos irnos. Cómodo se levantó y la tomo bruscamente del brazo para girarla y ver su rostro. — ¡¿Tanto te repugno?! — la voz de Cómodo, aunque imperativa al principio, también se quebraba— ya no soportas que te toque o que te diga que te quiero. ¿Qué ha cambiado? Yo te sigo amando, tal y como lo he hecho mi vida entera... —lágrimas de rabia se acumulaban en los ojos de Cómodo, mientras su voz se quebraba en manera de súplica— si no puedes amarme, solo te pido que me dejes amarte... Lucilla no toleraba ver a Cómodo así. Se giró y salió corriendo de la habitación en búsqueda de un lugar tranquilo en donde verter sus lágrimas. Cómodo respiraba agitadamente en medio de la habitación. Cubrió sus ojos con sus manos unos instantes. Cuando las lágrimas agalopadas en sus ojos finalmente corrieron libres por sus mejillas, arrojó todo cuanto había sobre las mesas al piso en un arranque de furia. Floreros y botellas de carísimas esencias se hicieron pedazos contra el piso. En el aire flotaba el aroma al perfume de jazmines que solía usar Lucilla. Al percibir el aroma, Cómodo se quebró por completo y se derrumbó sobre la cama de Lucilla. Lloró amargamente. Mientras secaba sus lágrimas se percató de que tenía cortes en los dorsos de sus manos, tal vez producto del impacto de sus manos contra algún jarrón. La sangre que comenzaba a manchar sus pálidas manos hizo que volviera a la realidad de en medio del caos interno en el que su mente se había sumido. Se levantó del lecho de Lucilla, respiró profundamente unos minutos a fin de calmarse y fue a que le atendieran las heridas. El banquete iniciaría en breve y no podía permitir que alguien lo viese en ese estado. Habían transcurrido 3 horas desde el inicio del banquete. Cómodo no había visto a Lucilla desde que ella salió corriendo de la habitación. Pero si algo tenía claro, eso era que debía olvidar para siempre a Lucilla. Ella jamás lo amaría de la manera en que él la amaba. Lo mejor sería que ella se fuese del palacio a vivir en Lanuvim junto con Lucio. Cómodo no soportaba más la agonía de tenerla cerca sin poder tocarla. Era mejor alejar de sí lo que no podía tener, aunque esto significara arrancarse un trozo de su ser. La amaba. La amaba más de lo que jamás creyó ser capaz de amar. Pero su amor comenzaba a destruirlos a ambos. Debía dejar de insistir, debía alejarla de sí, aun cuando resultara insoportablemente doloroso. Aun cuando esto representara la muerte de su ser. ¿Puede vivir un hombre si se arranca el corazón? El debería aprender a hacerlo. La sala en donde se encontraba Cómodo lucía abarrotada por nobles, políticos y militares de alto rango. Todos bebían y reían con envidiable gozo, disfrutando de la música y de las singulares danzas de los siervos. Cómodo, por el contrario, se encontraba en su lugar con la mirada perdida sin sonrisa alguna en su rostro, con su copa aun llena y no habiendo probado bocado alguno en la noche entera. No podía permanecer más tiempo allí. Sentía que moría con cada instante. Salió del gran salón en dirección al jardín. Una vez lejos del júbilo y de los cantos y danzas, respiró tranquilamente al fin. Se apoyó en una columna del atrio, contemplando la luna en la plenitud de su figura y al ejército celestial que la rodeaba. Los rayos de luna se reflejaban sobre su piel, haciendo que se viera incluso más pálido y sus ojos verdes resaltaban enmarcados por su ondeante cabello negro. Una suave brisa jugueteaba con sus mechones. Cómodo cerró los ojos, imaginando que el suave roce del viento pertenecía a Lucilla. — ¿Disfruta del banquete, alteza? Una voz femenina a sus espaldas lo sacó de sus pensamientos. Reconoció la voz inmediatamente. — Marcia, pensé que seguías en Atenas. — ¿Eso quiere decir que no le complace en absoluto verme aquí? — Por el contrario, siempre es bueno ver a los viejos amigos. Solo me sorprende —respondió Cómodo, pero su tono de voz frío desmentía sus palabras, evidenciando que no estaba dispuesto a conversar. — Alteza, si no le molesta, ¿podría preguntar por qué se encuentra aquí afuera? — No deberías, por tu bien.— El tono severo de su voz le sugirió a Marcia mayor cautela. — Entiendo. ¿Le molestaría si me quedara a su lado? Viendo frustrados sus intentos por terminar la conversación, Cómodo cedió a la tenacidad de Marcia. — En absoluto. —dijo, suspirando— Oí que les va muy bien a tu familia y a ti en Atenas. ¿Por qué volviste? — En efecto, a mi familia le va bien, —respondió, percibiendo el tono sarcástico de la pregunta— pero no puedo evitar sentir que le desagrada mi presencia. Cómodo rio suavemente. Pudo percibir el temor de Marcia. Consideró que conversar con ella lo distraería de sus melancólicos pensamientos. — Solo bromeo. Es que me sorprende tu llegada. ¿Hace cuánto que no pones un pie en Roma? ¿10 años? — 7 años, para ser exactos. — ¿Y por qué has vuelto después de tanto tiempo? Oí que incluso ibas a casarte. — Iba a casarme, pero no pude. Mi corazón está atado a Roma. Crecí aquí. ¿Lo recuerda? — Recuerdo que acostumbrabas romper las vasijas y salir corriendo —recordó un incidente a la vez que una sonrisa se esbozaba en su rostro. — Tengo muy buenos recuerdos suyos, alteza. Ambos éramos niños. Recuerdo que por estos pasadizos contábamos historias una vez caída la noche. Recuerdo que aun con el frío nos las ingeniábamos para jugar a escondidas en el jardín... en este mismo jardín. La mirada de Marcia se iluminaba al rememorar aquellos días. Pero, para infortunio de Cómodo, rememorar aquellos días no hacía más que traer a Lucilla a su memoria. La recordaba, leyéndole historias al anochecer, curando sus heridas después de algún accidente, envolviéndolo en sus brazos y prodigándole su amor fraternal... aquel amor que distaba mucho de lo que Cómodo sentía por ella. Las memorias quemaban en su corazón. Necesitaba olvidarla aunque sea por unos instantes para liberarse del ardor en su pecho. Cambió el rumbo de la conversación súbitamente. — ¿Tu familia también ha venido? Me gustaría saludar a tu padre y a tus hermanos. — Me temo que no es posible, he venido sola. — ¿Sola? —la sospecha se abrió paso en el pecho de Cómodo, quiso probar la verdad de sus conjeturas— ¡Qué inusual! De todas maneras quiero saludarlos. Les enviaré una carta mañana mismo, les informaré de tu bienestar. — ¡Por favor, no! —las palabras escaparon de los labios de Marcia antes de que ella pudiera medirlas, agobiada por el temor. —¿Qué dices? Sabía que sucedía algo. ¿Acaso escapaste? Di algo en tu defensa, Marcia —exigió Cómodo, en tono acusador. Marcia apartó la mirada, como un ciervo asustado. Habló con voz débil: — Mi señor, esperaba el momento oportuno para pedirle esto —en medio de su nerviosismo hizo una pausa para tomar aire. Continuó con voz un poco más audible— Le pido que me ponga bajo su amparo. Imploro su clemencia, no me envíe de regreso a Atenas. — No lo puedo creer. ¿Por qué habría de ayudarte? —sus palabras estaban impregnadas de arrogancia, por lo que el temblor volvió a las palabras de Marcia. — Estoy desesperada, no tuve alternativa. — Te exijo que me expliques en este mismo instante por qué huiste. — Usted bien lo sabe. Iban a obligarme a casarme con alguien a quien no amo. Amo a alguien más. — ¿Y has escapado por eso? ¿Has traído deshonra al nombre de tu familia por un simple capricho? Me decepcionas, Marcia. Cuando éramos jóvenes siempre te consideré perspicaz y centrada. Ahora actúas como una niña caprichosa. Cómodo hizo ademán de retirarse, por lo que en medio de su desesperación, Marcia, imprudentemente, tomó la mano del alterado emperador. Las palabras volvieron a escapar de los labios de Marcia, incontrolables y con vehemencia: —¿Ha sentido su corazón el más arrasador amor? ¿Aquel sentimiento que pese a sus muchos intentos por extinguirlo subsiste y se arraiga en su ser hasta que absolutamente nada tiene sentido salvo el amor mismo hacia alguien? He intentado mil veces arrancarlo de mi ser, su alteza, pero el amor que siento me ata a este lugar. Sé que actúo con la irracionalidad de una niña, pero no concibo mi existencia sin él. Se lo pido, alteza, no me condene a morir en vida— besó la mano de Cómodo, la cual mantenía aún cautiva entre las suyas. El silencio se prolongó durante lo que a los ojos de Marcia eran eternidades. — ¿Cuál es su nombre? —preguntó finalmente Cómodo, ya lejos de la furia. Las palabras de Marcia habían sido un reflejo de sus propios sentimientos. — Mi señor, ¿por qué lo pregunta? —preguntó Marcia, nuevamente cauta, recuperándose de su arrebato, tomado conciencia de sus actos y soltando finalmente la mano de Cómodo. — Si voy a protegerte, merezco saber el nombre de aquel a quien amas. —Nuevamente la voz de Cómodo, aun ofreciendo su ayuda, era neutra— Así podré dar mi aprobación, si lo considero un buen hombre. — Temo decírselo —el temor volvió a Marcia. — No puedes retractarte ahora, solo dilo. — Yo... —Los ojos de Marcia se tornaron vidriosos. Tomando nuevamente aire, cerró los ojos pero abrió su corazón— yo te amo, Cómodo. Cómodo la miró con asombro y desconcierto, incapaz de asimilar lo que Marcia le confesaba. Alzó la voz, estruendosa y pronosticando una tempestad: — ¡¿Pero qué dices?! —Cómodo le dio la espalda y avanzó unos pocos pasos lejos de ella. El temor y la cautela propios de su naturaleza diplomática entraron en acción nuevamente sobre Marcia. — Entiendo, su alteza. Sé muy bien que usted no siente lo mismo, lo comprendo. No le pido que me ame, solo le pido me permita quedarme en Roma. Solo le pido refugio de la furia de mi familia. Espero poder conservar su amistad, no le pido retribución alguna. Intentando hallar lógica alguna a las palabras de Marcia, Cómodo se volvió a ella y le habló con agudeza: — Esto es muy repentino. ¿Cómo puedo estar seguro de que no es un ardid para conseguir mi compasión? Esto hirió el orgullo de Marcia. Lo que había dicho lo sentía de verdad. Hubiese deseado por su bien que fuese una simple mentira, pero era una verdad que la consumía día a día. Jamás había confesado y ahora que lo hacía cuestionaban sus motivos. Su tempestuosidad nuevamente afloró. Mirando ardientemente a Cómodo acortó la distancia entre ambos y, aferrándose a la túnica del emperador, dijo: — Te amo, te amo. Te he amado por mucho más tiempo del que crees. Y mi amor lejos de esting... Cómodo apresó sus labios. Marcia se aferró con una mano al cuello y con la otra a la espalda de Cómodo. El beso era furioso. Cómodo había soportado tanto tiempo el deseo por Lucilla que el deseo amenazaba con devorarlo vivo. Y ahora, ante sí, Marcia se le presentaba como un desfogue y consuelo ante sus enredados deseos. Se besaron con intensidad sin igual. Marcia se aferraba a él mientras Cómodo recorría las formas de ella. Tocaba cada rincón de su cuerpo y la apretaba contra sí. Cuando el aire escaseó entre ellos, él la tomó de la mano y la condujo por el jardín, detrás de unos setos, sobre una banquilla. Cómodo la sentó sobre sí, mientras devoraba sus labios. Recorrían sus manos su cuerpo con arrasador deseo. Levantó su vestido y acarició entre sus muslos, mientras Marcia temblaba de placer y sus gemidos llenaban el aire. No pudo contenerse más, por lo que Cómodo desgarró el vestido de Marcia por la parte delantera, liberando su cuerpo de la prisión de lino, y la tumbó sobre la banca. Los rayos de luna iluminaron el cuerpo pálido yaciente sobre la banca. El cuerpo era deseable, pero la luna también arrojó luz sobre el rostro de la bella ninfa. En ese instante Cómodo recuperó la razón. Ella no era Lucilla. Ella jamás sería Lucilla. No, ella no tenía su voz, ni su olor ni su candor. Ella era solo una mujer más. Y él estaba a punto de tomarla pensando en Lucilla. Sí, solo la había besado porque había imaginado a Lucilla diciéndole que lo amaba. Pero ahora, despertando de aquel sueño, veía que había estado a punto de manchar a Lucilla haciendo esto. Sin dar la más mínima explicación se levantó de la banca y comenzó a caminar presurosamente. El frío rodeó a Marcia, sintiéndose confundida y humillada, clamó a Cómodo. Deteniéndose finalmente, pero dándole la espalda, el emperador solo le dijo: —Quédate en Roma, pero jamás busques ver mi rostro. Si lo haces, te arrojaré a la arena. Dicho esto Cómodo se fue. Marcia rompió a llorar, sintiéndose burlada y humillada por aquel a quien amaba. Cómodo pasaba por los pasadizos con prisa y brusquedad. Se dirigía a sus habitaciones. Su mente aún era un caos y no se permitía analizar lo sucedido momentos antes con Marcia por temor a enfrentar lo que había estado a punto de hacer. Decidió hacer una parada en la habitación de Lucilla. Posiblemente Lucilla no estaba allí, pero el solo quería entrar y sentir la fragancia de Lucilla en sus ropas antes de dormir. Al entrar en la habitación, encontró a Lucilla sumamente preocupada. — Vi sangre en las sabanas. Estaba preocupada por ti... Cómodo no pudo más. Las emociones que aquella noche habían llenado su pecho se desbordaron ante la presencia de su amada. Ante esa mirada capaz de ver el miedo en su interior como nadie más podía. Cayó a sus pies, llorando y temblando. — Perdóname, perdóname, no quise hacerlo. Lucilla pensó que podía referirse a sus besos. Pero Cómodo se refería a haber manchado su recuerdo contaminándolo con el amor de otra mujer. Lucilla lo abrazó compasivamente, sintiendo el cuerpo de su hermano menor temblar. Aunque no entendía del todo, no pudo evitar sentir piedad. —Shh... Todo está bien, hermano... — Por favor, déjame quedarme aquí hoy. No te tocaré, si eso quieres. Es solo que no quiero estar solo, sin ti, un solo instante más... La voz de Cómodo, ahogada por el llanto, motivó a Lucilla a acceder, aun cuando en cualquier otra circunstancia se habría negado. — Está bien, está bien, quédate aquí hoy. Cómodo, entre sollozos, se quedó dormido entre los brazos de su hermana. Lucilla no pudo evitar sentir una punzada en el corazón. Ver a Cómodo de esa manera, desprotegido y vulnerable, contrastando con la imagen que solía dar de sólida arrogancia y autosuficiencia, le había conmovido. Pensó en cómo hubiesen sido las cosas si el destino no les hubiera puesto un pesado lazo de sangre. ¿Podría negarse a tales muestras del más puro y sincero amor si se tratase de cualquier otro? Difícilmente su corazón resistiría. Pero la realidad era otra. No podía negar el amor que sentía por Cómodo, pero sus destinos estaban enlazados de forma diferente. Largo rato contempló el rostro apacible de Cómodo mientras dormía. Cuando el sueño comenzó a vencer a Lucilla, decidió irse a dormir a los aposentos de Lucio, para de esa forma cederle el lecho a Cómodo. Pero, tal vez en un momento de locura, tal vez siendo víctima del cansancio o del escaso vino bebido, o tal vez dando por vez primera rienda suelta a aquellos primitivos deseos que ocultaba siempre bajo su racionalidad, se acercó a Cómodo mientras dormía y le robó un beso. Un beso suave y tierno al principio, pero en sus últimos instantes resultando casi lujurioso. Cómodo se movió un poco entre sueños, pero no despertó. Miró una vez más Lucilla a Cómodo sobre su lecho y se marchó, simulando que el beso nunca ocurrió y reprimiendo nuevamente los deseos que habían aflorado. Nunca nadie sabría lo que pasó, y ella misma debería obligarse a olvidar. Pues pasiones como tales no se contentan con encender una simple llama. Solo están saciadas cuando vastos bosques han sido reducidos a cenizas. Notas finales: ¿Siguen allí? Lo sé, escribo aburridísimo XD Acepto críticas constructivas. Siempre se puede mejorar en algo ^_^. A Marcia la saqué de la historia romana, pues según leí, fue amante de Cómodo después de la muerte de Lucilla. Ah, por cierto, es el primer fanfic que concluyo. Soy una vaga que los deja a medias jeje. Hasta la próxima . ","Summary":" Disclaimer: Los personajes de esta historia no me pertenecen. Cómodo, Lucilla y Lucio son propiedad"},{"Movie":"Gladiator","Title":"The Emperor's Demons","Author":"Nickie S.C","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9060697","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Commodus felt so alone, betrayed by his people. Surely, he'd taken them under his wing, to his bosom, and made it clear that he was their leader, their Sire, their Caesar. And what did they give him in return? Disgust, ridicule; anything but acceptance. The faith they'd held for his father barely shone a flicker for how they felt for him. Dismissed and exhausted, he returned to his room, bidding goodnight to Rome from his 4th floor balcony. As he sat at his desk, he realized how much he wanted – needed – someone to talk to him, with him. The silence was deafening, causing ringing to sound in his ears. And as if by fate, it was at that moment that Lucilla appeared in his doorway. \"Sleep not coming easily to you once again, brother?\" she asked, arms crossed against her chest, right hand on her left shoulder. \"When has it ever?\" he replied with a question. Even with his head facing her, his eyes were downcast, slightly misty. \"Shall I prepare you another tonic, then? It helps you to sleep, does it not?\" She made her way to the glasses, reaching for one as he spoke again. \"Not tonight.\" He walked to where she stood, effortlessly, a sheer contradiction to the tension on his face. His eyes stared into hers, below hair lightly tussled from the midnight breeze. \"Commodus, what pains you so?\" Lucilla asked as she gently wiped the tears from his eyes. He stayed silent, feeling her fingertips against his skin, almost as if to freeze the sensation into his mind. So loving and cautious not to harm him, once again bringing out feelings he'd been holding for so long. Most times, against his will. \"They do not accept me, Lucilla,\" he finally brought himself to speak. \"My own children, aghast at the sight of me. Appalled by the thought that I am to be their father. They ought to bow to me and hold trust and love for me in their hearts. Instead, only contempt lies within them. I cannot have this of my people.\" \"Let me make you something to ease your troubled mind,\" she offered again. Seeming to hope, more so than offering, to ease her own conscience rather than his. But for a second time it was refuted, with the tension in the air building steadily stronger. Commodus walked to his bed, shedding the last of his armor. He glanced out the opened doors once more, peering out over Rome . The stars flickered, as if teasing; the whole city slept while he feared sleep. The dreams had been getting increasingly more devastating, more horrific and much too real. The monsters in his head would most certainly drive him mad one day. He wondered if they had already begun. Dreams of his own death started to circulate, vaguely, but still there. Always waking before the task could be completed, he awoke fearing what prophecies they might be telling. His people may not care for him as of yet, but would any of them be so brazen, be so stupid, as to rid themselves of him? This fuelled the anger in him that he tried to hide so well, also conjuring up more of the forbidden thoughts and feelings he held just below the surface. \"Will you forever disregard my desires?\" he asked his sister, standing yards away from him, holding to the robe over her nightdress as if to protect herself from an unseen force. \"If they are desires against what is natural and good, I shall.\" He walked closer, pausing still several feet away. \"And what if what is 'natural' cannot always be defined?\" \"What's in your head is beyond comprehension, and most certainly defined by what is not right, brother,\" she said, hoping the last and key word would set some bells off in his mind. She swallowed hard, her eyes looking his way but avoiding direct eye contact at all costs. \"Now, if you'll not have a tonic to help you sleep, I'll be going—\" \"Don't walk away from me,\" he said, in a tone slightly more strict than his usual. Still, his appearance could be compared to that of a child, haunted by monsters under the bed. But Commodus' monsters were more than monsters, but demons. And they resided in the depths of who he was, and frightfully what he may become. \"I'm to go check on Lucius,\" she said, sounding strong but her voice showing a hint of fear. So unfortunate that her own brother could put such fright into her, and it had only gotten worse since Father had died. Especially since she'd heard rumors circulating that Commodus was responsible. \"I said, don't walk away from me!\" Not a yell, but a voice louder than his usual timid speech. \"Stay with me tonight. I need you to stay with me tonight.\" \"Brother, you think not of the realities of what you wish. Let me leave before you regret what's in your head.\" She walked towards the door, nearly leaving. But before she could walk out, Commodus was behind her, pulling her back into the room. He slammed the door with a mighty force, and whipped her around by her arm. He was much too strong for her to do much other than face him. \"You will stay with me, Lucilla. You will stay with me because you love me, and you want me well.\" He leaned closer to her face, intent brightly shown in his own. \"Commodus, don't,\" she begged, struggling to break free. No use. \"You love me,\" he whispered, closing his eyes. With his left hand resting across her jaw, he pulled her face to his. His lips touched hers with a strength surprisingly tender, as she whimpered through it, her eyes staring into him. Pulling away she had a moment of prayer that it was all over, but his lips came back to hers once more, no longer so delicate. His hand slid from her face, to her shoulder, and began to untie the ribbon holding her robe together. As he pulled away once more, he exhaled sharply, his mouth somewhat shaky. He opened his eyes to reveal a look Lucilla had never seen before. Not just the look of possibly oncoming tears, as she'd been witness to that an innumerable amount of times throughout their lives, but the look of genuine remorse. Intertwined with the guilt and sadness, she also saw fear; fear that stretched ever beyond his oncoming nightmares. For this, she didn't know whether to hate him for what he'd just done, or pity him that he needed to do it at all. \"Go,\" he whispered, overlapped by a sigh, trying to keep the tears in. He pressed his right hand to his mouth, then his left overtop, turning around and walking to his bed, sobbing. He couldn't believe what he'd just done. Lucilla was right when she said it was wrong, that it was unnatural. And he was also wrong to think it was what he'd truly wanted. He realized then how starved for love he was, but this was a sin. A sin he couldn't take back, couldn't wipe away from his lips no matter how hard he tried. As he sat on the edge of his bed, he suddenly understood why his people couldn't love him. His mind was lost in some state of confusion, and he knew how depraved he must be to have done what he just did. His tears ran down the hands still overtop his mouth, full of shame and disgust for himself and his actions. \"Commodus,\" Lucilla spoke, feeling some sort of pain for her brother, for how painfully ill he must be. She knew then his demons were far worse than she'd originally thought. She walked closer, nearing the foot of his bed. \"Go! Leave!\" he cried out, turning his back to her. \"Don't look at me. I'm a disgrace to the family and to my people.\" Lucilla agreed but didn't dare voice it. She still did love him; he still was her flesh and blood. But she couldn't stop feeling his kisses, his hand moving down her body. God knows what else he would've done had he not been struck by a sudden attack of conscience. Even more horrifying was that she knew what he would've done, or would've tried to do. The very thought made her stomach turn and sent a chill down her spine. \"If you never cast your eyes upon me again, I would not blame you,\" Commodus spoke again, through his weeping. Now his hands were resting on his head, weaving through his hair. Lucilla could see the tear-stains on his right cheek, and watched as a single teardrop fell. \"I understand why you acted,\" she said, tightening her grip on her robe. \"How could you possibly understand? Or want to? There is no recompense for what I've done!\" he sobbed. Lucilla warily came to the edge of his bed. She hesitated before sitting, feeling so violated by the person she was about to comfort. Even as she ever-so-softly touched his shoulder, part of her wanted to slap him for trespassing on her so crudely. But she acted against impulse, putting her arm across his back. \"Commodus,\" she said in almost a whisper. \"No,\" he whined, turning further to the left to block her view of his face. But still she kept her position, slightly rubbing his arm. \"Commodus, don't face away. Look at me.\" As the words left her mouth she suppressed a retch. She no more wanted to look at his eyes than he wanted her to, but at the moment she felt it wasn't about her. She feared him, she was sickened by him, she loathed him at this moment more than ever…but she felt mercy towards him, too. \"How can you sit beside me after…\" he trailed off, putting his face into his hands. \"Rest upon me,\" she said invitingly, with the undertone of hoping he'd continue to refuse. He remained in place but the muffled sounds of his crying stopped. The silence was nearly deafening, the seconds feeling like hours. She wanted nothing more than to run out, run as far away as possible. But she knew that wasn't very far at all; no matter where she went she'd be within his reach. Out of the nothingness came his sharp exhale, breathing life back into the room, a life she wished would've continued to stay dormant. \"Rest your head upon me,\" she heard herself saying, with the sound of echoes in her mind. It all had become fantasy-like, far off and unreal. Maybe, just maybe, she'd open her eyes to see the ceiling of her sleeping quarters, having everything of the very recent past been a nightmare. Furthermore, maybe she'd awake to find Commodus was never ruler; maybe her father would still be alive. But she realized her eyes were open, the whole trance imagined, and she felt his head resting just above her chest. His breathing was fast yet weakened at the same time, the dampness of his tears on her skin. A hesitant hand rose to rest atop his head, very lightly weaving through his hair. The hand was hers, though the touch barely registered. This was a feeling to which she'd become accustomed throughout the years, caring for her ailing little brother simply because it was right. What was right was not always fair, and surely this time was most unjust…but the obligation stung her. Fulfilling her sense of duty, she came to rest her own head on his, moving her hand up and down his arm once again. He inhaled unevenly, shivering at the sensation. \"Dear brother…\" she began, trying her best to choose the words carefully. \"I cannot fathom what drove you to suffer so, to imagine you'd discover the cure for your loneliness within me… While such an occurrence cannot ever be forgotten…I give creed to the fact that it was a moment of madness. A moment that will not ever present itself again.\" His head nodded softly against her body as he reached a hand up to wipe the lingering tears. Lucilla exhaled soundlessly, glaring at him from above, hiding that very fact in her gentle caresses of his shoulder. \"All will resume as if this night never took place. For the sake of your people.\" Taking his face in her hands, she lifted his head from her bosom, avoiding eye contact as she stood. Her first steps away from the bed were interrupted by the presence of his hand weakly grasping her right. His eyes were childlike and glazed, exuding apologies that could never have the same effect if put into words. The eyes staring into hers belonged to her little brother, but the hand holding hers belonged to the man who defiled her. The outrage could no longer be contained as she responded with a resounding smack on his right cheek. Her face filled with fear for a moment though remaining steadfast in her anger. Her rightful anger. His face turned back to hers, mouth slightly agape and eyes a mix of disbelief and resentment. The grip on her hand became tight for a second, then let go altogether. She saw the silent understanding in his eyes and backed away before turning to leave. \"I rightly deserved that and more,\" his words resonated into the room, forcing her to turn to face him from several feet back. \"And after tonight this will all be added to the nightmares inside my head. The faster you leave, the faster this is merely a memory.\" He nodded, and she followed suit, putting her back to him as quickly as possible. The sound of her steps seemed to boom in the uneasy silence, surely being the most determined steps of her life. Just a short distance before the door, a sinister echo drifted through the room. \"But, Lucilla…\" he spoke with calm voice and eyes dark, made even more evil by the near-smile spread across his face, \"if you should ever even think to strike me again…I will have your head. And I assure you that your son will suffer before he dies.\" Her widened eyes stared the room's length into his. \"Leave now. You need your rest. The morning light appears in a matter of hours,\" he said, as if oblivious to his just-spoken threat. He smiled her way before blowing out the flame near his bed. \"Pleasant dreams.\" The room turned pitch black in an instant, filling her with even more dread, reaching for the door and pulling with all her might. Once outside she leaned on the wall, more fearful than she'd ever been of Commodus. It was one thing to threaten her life, but another completely to threaten that of her son. She knew somehow she had to stop him, to dethrone him, and had to accomplish it all without his knowing one step she'd taken. She also knew in his advanced state of sickness it might take far less to agitate him, and that he may perceive any unintentional action as a danger. Something had to be done to keep him from making good on his warning, because Lucilla knew Commodus' threat was more than just a threat – it was a promise. ","Summary":" Commodus felt so alone, betrayed by his people. Surely, he'd taken them under his wing, to his boso"},{"Movie":"Gladiator","Title":"The Gladiator Who Defied an Emperor","Author":"MonsterDonut394","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11275156","Passage":"[Chapter 1] GLADIATOR This scrap of paper is the only thing I was allowed to have in my cell. Anything else could be a potential weapon used for suicide. I am fighting in the Colosseum this afternoon. I may not live to see the night. The only reason I haven't died already is because the gods have cursed me with a long life and a heart unprepared for the gore and violence of death. If I had known how weak love makes a man, I would have hardened my heart long ago. Herodotus has found a way to make me fight. Nothing involving pain could induce me to kill a man, so he found a random young boy in the city, and threatens to kill him if I don't fight, or if I fail to win. Did my emotions give me away? Were my thoughts betrayed so easily on my face? If I die, so does an innocent child. If I win, one of my fellow gladiators will die. The gods are toying with me. Curse me for my incompetence! Blood has been spilt on my account this day. When the guards came and took me into the arena, I had decided to kill, rather than be killed. My mind was far away, my heart devoid of feeling. The roar of the crowd greeted me as I walked into the Great Amphitheatre. My opponent stood opposite me, 100 feet away. We turned as one to the emperor's box, and raised our gladius' in his honor. The audience fell into an unearthly silence as the emperor dropped his handkerchief over the arena. The handkerchief floated slowly and touched the ground. The crowd screamed and I turned on my fellow gladiator, and sought to get through his defenses. He jabbed at my exposed knee, and I hit his blade away and parried with a slash to his neck. He jumped out of the deadly path and stabbed toward my eye. I ducked and brought my blade up into his stomach. He gulped and spat out blood. With revulsion for what the arena had made me, I took my blade out of his stomach and dropped him on the ground. \"Friend,\" he muttered. \"Let me die a hero.\" I put his blade in his hand and closed his eyes as he took his final breath. My vision turned red with rage. Rage at the audience who called for death. Hatred for the emperor Commodus and his blood-filled arena. I gripped my sword like a javelin and threw it at the emperor's box. Screams surrounded me as the guards rushed into the arena and tackled me to the ground. As I was dragged away, I looked into the box and saw the emperor looking flustered, angry, and not dead. The guards took me into a cell and beat me with an inch of my life. Before they put me into the solitary cell, I heard the sound of a child's cry. A young boy. Then…silence. ","Summary":" GLADIATOR This scrap of paper is the only thing I was allowed to have in my cell. Anything else cou"},{"Movie":"Gladiator","Title":"Now We Are Free","Author":"WritetoRight4ever","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11502250","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Commodus stared up at Maximus with shell-shocked eyes. The sword lodged into his stomach was forcing cascaded masses of blood from the end of the sword. Something in the gladiator's thick lips twitched. With a final, vengeful grip, Maximus pulled the sword from the emperor and dropped his dead body to the ground with a heavy thud. The battle was over. Rome's emperor was dead. Maximus's raging retribution was fulfilled. The crowd was silent, staring at their merciful gladiator with stunned, unfathomable expressions. Maximus turned from Commodus's corpse to the soldiers gathering around him. The knife wound in his chest was beginning to throb with a burning sensation. His vision was blurred, his balance wobbly. \"Maximus!\" Pius exclaimed in concern. \"Pius…\" Maximus replied in a dogmatic tone. \"Free my men. Senator Gracchus is to be reinstated… there was a dream that was Rome… it shall be realized… these are the wishes of Marcus Aurelius…\" \"Free the prisoners!\" General Pius pivoted and ordered his soldiers. Two men left to attend to the iron gates imprisoning Maximus's fellow gladiators. Images flashes across Maximus's mind. He couldn't distinguish what they were. He was walking through a grain field, his fingertips brushing the fuzz of the wheat. The sun was emitting low rays of yellow across the countryside. The color was enhanced, nothing like the colors on earth. Maximus continued to stare ahead until the heaviness of the wound pain weighed on him and he fell back against the ground with the same thud as Commodus. Lucilla scurried to his side, kneeling beside him and staring into his eyes. \"Maximus!\" she said in a hoarse voice. \"Lucius is safe,\" Maximus reassured her, staring back into her teary, orchid eyes before staring at the sky above him. Lucilla knew all too well death for Maximus wouldn't merely be looking at the clouds but something more reassuring… \"Go to them…\" Lucillla encouraged him gently. Maximus' head drifted for a while along with his eyes until both became still. By now, tears were cascading down Lucilla's face; he was moving into the next world. Maximus could feel his spirit being lifted across the scattered mess of rose petals from adoring fans. The field of wheat and sunshine appeared again. A little boy, no more than eight years old, was wandering with his mother, a beautiful woman with curves and long dark hair. The boy looked ahead upon seeing the figure of his father finally return. The mother bent down and whispered something in his ear before the boy took off running towards his father. The mother smiled and watched him go. Maximus smiled at the sight of his family, well and happy, as he continued forward with his fingertips brushing the tips of the grain. Lucilla placed her palm on Maximus's forehead in an effort to close his eyes for the last time. He was gone, at peace. \"You're home,\" Lucilla whispered, trembling with sadness. She straightened her back and grasped her head in grief, desperately attempting to keep from screaming out in sorrow. Noticing the crowd of senators and soldiers gathering around her along with her own son, Lucius, she stood from the ground and faced the quiet men. Lucilla's expression grew stern and philosophical as she walked towards the senate that had corrupted Rome. \"Is Rome worth one good man's life?\" she questioned with dignity. \"We believed it once. Make us believe it again,\" Senator Gracchus stepped forward, past Lucilla and over to Maximus's empty shell. \"He was a soldier of Rome!\" Lucilla boomed, instilling chills of surprise into each of the men. \"Honor him.\" Lucilla ordered. \"Who will help me carry him?\" Senator Gracchus declared and gazed down at the corpse of a legendary general. Lucius was the first to step forward before the fellow gladiators did. They lifted Maximus from the sandy surface and held him up as though they were carrying a coffin. Mother and son watched them leave. The crowd remained silent, in honor of their fallen, heroic gladiator of Rome. It was late at night. Several hours had passed since Maximus's and Commodus's deaths. Djimon was digging into the very spot where his ally had fallen. Once the dirt hole was shaped into a decent size, the African tribesman unwrapped the cloth possessing two wooden figures that Maximus had carried with him when far away from home – his wife and son. Djimon's dirty fingertips grabbed both of the sculptures and placed them down into the hole before burying both of them. \"Now we are free,\" Djimon proclaimed appreciatively, looking around into the empty seats of the gladiator ring. \"I will see you again… but not yet,\" The tribesman assured with a smile. \"Not yet…\" With that, Djimon, the former gladiator, grabbed his belongings and turned to walk away. Above the glorious gladiator ring and the city of Rome lay a sunset of dashing colors. This was no ordinary sunset, but one in which a hero was welcomed into the heavens that day. There was a dream that was Rome forever honored in the skies. ","Summary":" Commodus stared up at Maximus with shell-shocked eyes. The sword lodged into his stomach was forcin"},{"Movie":"Gladiator","Title":"Merciful","Author":"VanillaMetal","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12578234","Passage":"[Chapter 1] MERCIFUL A Gladiator Fanfic Maximus/Commodus x OC -CHAPTER 1- A/N: I only watched Gladiator recently (the extended cut I might add) and I thoroughly enjoyed all (roughly) 3 hours of it. I was particularly fascinated by Commodus' character. Joaquin Phoenix was amazing in the role, not to mention very handsome too, which inspired me to write this. As you can probably assume, there will be dark themes in this fic. No strictly mature content, but Commodus is still an abusive, narcissistic bastard so be warned. It is not my intention to promote any particular behaviors or relationship types, this is strictly fiction, but please bear the warning in mind if you're sensitive to that kind of thing. DISCLAIMER: I do not own Gladiator , I am simply writing a story inspired by/based upon it. The content here is not intended to affect the images of any real life people, companies, intellectual properties etc. The following is purely fiction and should be treated as such. Carefully you must tiptoe. Watch your step. Walk daintily around those shards of glass, for if you step on one it will be the last thing you ever do... The girl caught sight of her reflection in the glassy pool of water. It was slightly distorted by her hand swirling around and causing ripples, but she could still see herself somewhat clearly. She was frighteningly pale even in this Roman sun, simply because her skin had such an aversion to tanning. On the brightest days, she looked like a walking sheet of paper. He was similar. Pale as porcelain, head to toe. That was where the similarities ended. She had dark blue eyes and reddish-brown hair that she often kept pooled over one shoulder. His were sharp and cold like ice, and he only had a messy head of dark locks. She spoke softly with others, always watching her words and knowing her place. He knew his place, but unfortunately, it was above so many others. He loved to whine and moan when he didn't get his way. The petty drawling would turn dangerous quickly enough though. Habitually, when his wishes weren't granted he would go and sulk in his room. Then, after perhaps an hour or so, he would be up on his feet again with a vengeance, casting forth terrible, tyrannical orders that would ensure he ended up getting exactly what he wanted. His father would not have been proud. Emperor Aurelius had been far from perfect, but he was still a good man at heart. Commodus was not. \"Cyra! He sounded like a child. In many ways she despised him, but the girl knew she could not disobey. If she did so, she would simply become fodder for the arena. Or worse. \" Cyra!\" There he called again, only a matter of seconds later. Using the name he had given her, which ironically meant 'like the sun'. He had no doubt gifted that name as some sort of mockery rather than praise. Commodus had no patience, and he was already agitated by the time he rounded the corner and stormed over to meet her, his dark violet cloak billowing behind him dramatically. \"You didn't answer me quickly enough. Did I not tell you to always be ready to meet with me?\" \"Forgive me, I did not hear you.\" she swiftly bowed her head. Kowtowing was the only way to keep him sweet with her. The man tilted his head up and observed her through sharply narrowed eyes. Two blue slits that shot through her like arrows. While her own head was still lowered he reached down and cupped her chin with a delicate, yet dangerous, hand. Tilting her jaw up, he made her look at him. \"Sometimes I question why I ever chose you. You can hardly follow the simplest of orders...\" His thumb pressed up against her plush red bottom lip and skirted along the soft surface. Commodus relished the feeling, resisting the urge to pull close and ravish her right there and then. \"Perhaps I should dismiss you. Or perhaps...\" He trailed off with a sadistic smile. The man didn't need to say it. That flash of fear that briefly showed behind her eyes proved that she understood him clearly. Letting go, he allowed his hand to drop down by his side again and exhaled calmly. His tired, reddened eyes allowed themselves to close, sealing out the bright light that was leaking throughout the whole courtyard. Thankfully they were both somewhat shaded between the pillars, and from most people's sights too. All except for Lucilla. Serving as sister to Commodus, she had been watching out for Cyra since the day she was taken under his cruel wing. Initially, Cyra had feared that her presence would somehow disturb things since the two seemed to be close. Very close. Yet it almost came across like Lucilla was relieved. That was indeed true. As the tall, elegant woman watched from her spot across at the other end of the courtyard, cautiously sticking to the shadows with her pale veil pulled over her head, she couldn't help exhaling softly with relief. The most unfortunate thing about Commodus, besides his clear tyranny, had been his unhealthy obsession with her. Even in this twisted world...to desire such things with your own sister was rather wretched. At least from her perspective. The way he had acted, it had seemed as if he saw no wrong in it at all. Likely because he was used to getting what he wanted. What did the world's rules and morals matter when they didn't dictate you? Once you took away that power of control, it could really create something frightening. And Lucilla had feared him. She had feared him every time he forced an advance upon her. She had feared him as she watched his cruel dictatorship being forced upon the people. She had feared him when she witnessed that sheer bloodlust in his eyes, as he had served as spectator to the gladiator games so gleefully. 150 days of them. It was a form of hell, really, especially knowing what was being sacrificed in order to hold them. What use would all of this be if in the end the populace of Rome couldn't even be fed? Starving for the sake of brutal entertainment. It was hardly a fair trade-off. Her delicate hand raised towards her chin and she hid her full lips behind her curled knuckle. Watching Cyra, her heart sank a little. Yes. It was true that she felt relief, but she also felt guilt. She had forced Cyra into her previous position, even if unintentionally. Now that poor girl would have to deal with the brunt of Commodus's demands, his fickle temper that could so easily turn rotten in a split second. Lucilla did what she could to help her, but that was as much as she could offer. Being Commodus's new toy was hardly desirable, at least not to those who knew what he was really like. Yet it was surely still better than remaining a slave. And Lucilla could still remember her desperation on that day, when she had been brought forth with that row of other girls, all dirty and ragged but trying to look their best for him. To be chosen as a 'companion' for the Emperor himself must have seemed so desirable in that moment. She wondered how the girl felt about him now... ... The crowd didn't favor him so much as of late. But that was alright. With Maximus held in his clutches, Commodus had little to fear. When he wasn't required, the tanned and muscled former farmer was kept chained up by his arms underneath the earth, only fed enough food and water to allow him the energy to fight. It was all about keeping the people entertained after all. Cyra despised seeing him that way. She would hate to see anyone with the slightest scrap of innocence in such a predicament, but it seemed especially harsh in his case. The man known as Maximus was someone she had first set eyes on when he had been fighting a battle in the arena. Being discreet about it so that her lingering gaze didn't catch Commodus' attention, Cyra had watched the man with interest. He was the gruff, unkempt type, in stark contrast to someone as pristine as her supposed master, who often wore pure white or golden garments. But despite his somewhat shoddy manner in keeping up appearances, Maximus was undeniably handsome, in a rugged sort of way. Cyra had been unable to tear her eyes away from him for the entire duration of the match, and he continued to plague her mind long after it was over. Which was why she had made a habit of, sometimes, secretly, sneaking down into that room he had been trapped in and politely asking to see him. Had she still been a slave or had her deception of Commodus been clear to the guards there, they would have turned her away in an instant and likely have had her punished. Yet she was lucky, for they assumed that she had permission to be there, especially given how frequent her visits had gradually been becoming. \"Maximus...\" The name left her lips as a soft whisper. The guards closed the door behind her to allow them some privacy together, and she walked over to him. His lowered head raised, and his almost melancholy eyes focussed on her in an instant. \"...Must you always come and see me like this? Is the arena not enough for you?\" She frowned gently at that and stood right before him, her delicate hand reaching up and cupping his cheek gently. Her actions became bolder every time she went there. At first, she had been a little afraid to even approach this supposed 'Gladiator', but now she felt an urge to embrace him. \"In the arena, you have many adoring fans to keep you company, but down here you are all alone. I should think this is the better place to spend time with you...since I assume you'd need it. Another soul in your presence...\" Cyra lowered her hand and curled her knuckle by her chest, breathing out softly. Maximus observed her with a raised brow, then cocked his head slightly to the side and made a clicking sound with his tongue. \"Why do you keep coming down here? You know he won't let me go until I'm dead-\" \"And I know that you won't allow yourself to die. Not until you kill him at least.\" Cyra spoke in curt response, and he shot his eyes away from her. She continued, pressing her hand to her breast: \"Trust me, I would want you to have your vengeance. Knowing what he did...how he made your loved ones suffer all out of such pettiness...\" Her hand clenched into a tight fist, and she stared at the ground, a fury rising in her heart. \"I too...would want him dead.\" \"You shouldn't say that.\" Maximus insisted though he sounded slightly satisfied with what she had said. There was almost something close to a wry smile on those dry lips of his, but it was only momentary, hard to spot. Coughing, he straightened his head again and shifted a little bit, the chains clanking. It had to put some stress on his muscles, having his wrists bound and lifted up like that. Cyra didn't doubt he could handle it though. \"Be careful Cyra. Honesty is not always the best option. Especially in his case.\" The girl also smiled in a manner that was almost undetectable. Her full lips then pursed into a thin line. He was right. She knew he was speaking wisely when he said such things. Yet she also knew herself. She knew that it would not be so easy to hold back. It was probable that Commodus would soon hear the bitter truth from her own mouth. Damn the consequences... A/N: I'm no expert on Roman history so I apologize for any discrepancies. Then again, supposedly this movie wasn't incredibly accurate to the time either, but I suppose that makes sense since large portions of it were fictionalized. It's excellent regardless. Also some things have been changed from the film too, which I'm sure you'll pick up on. Consider this to be an alternate outcome to the ending, where Maximus is a captive of Commodus, and hasn't faced him in battle yet. Though perhaps he will... This story will probably only be a few chapters long but I hope you enjoy the rest of it too. ","Summary":" MERCIFUL A Gladiator Fanfic Maximus/Commodus x OC -CHAPTER 1- A/N: I only watched Gladiator recentl"},{"Movie":"Gladiator","Title":"A ma femme","Author":"Yz3ut3","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10417893","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ficlette sur le Thème de Gladiator. Rien ne m'appartient (pas même le beau corps de Russell Crow….) Il a du croc…..Max Sinus… Quelles sont les paroles de Maximus Décimus (Gladiatior) pour sa femme? A ma femme qui est auprès de nos ancêtres, je lui aurais dit, que je n'aspire qu'à la retrouver. J'aurais du le faire bien plus tôt, j'étais si loin de vous à faire la guerre… pour la gloire de Rome. Puis, les Dieux en ont décidé autrement…. J'ai tout perdu mais avec votre amour tout est possible, je ne vis que pour vous retrouver, mon amour. Continuez de veiller sur moi de là-haut jusqu'à que Justice soit faite et que le rêve de César se soit réalisé. De celui qui fut un père pour moi. Après lorsque nous nous retrouverons, nous auront tout le temps de nous parler, j'en suis sûre, pardonnez-moi de n'avoir pus être auprès de vous. ","Summary":" Ficlette sur le Thème de Gladiator. Rien ne m'appartient (pas même le beau corps de Russell Crow….)"},{"Movie":"Gladiator","Title":"Énouement","Author":"a-mild-looking-sky","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12193182","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Énouement Softly, he laid him on the floor. To begin with, he could not look. He kept his head down, his eyes closed and flowing with hot, angry tears. His shoulders stung where the old man's nails had dug in. He could still feel them, clenching and spasming, then, after an age, going limp. The last traces of life from the one who had helped bring him into this world. He thought of Jove. The highest of all the gods had slaughtered his kin. Rome revered the sin of patricide. And, like Jupiter, it had been his only choice. It was his duty - to himself, to the empire, to his beloved sister, Lucilla. It should be just them, and Rome. But, still, his heart shook in his ribcage. Sobs wracked his tired, aching body. Nausea churned in his stomach. He dared to glance into his father's face. His pale, filmy eyes still stared blankly at the fluttering canvas above them. Terrified whiteness consumed them. Or was it from shock? He had not expected Commodus' arms to tighten about him, nor his face to be forced into the dark space of his cloak, nor his final breath to be so inglorious. He was an emperor, a warrior, a scholar, the most powerful mortal in all the world. And yet his death had been undignified and quiet - an elderly man smothered in his nightclothes, within calling distance of his guards. Commodus' hands trembled as he closed his father's eyes. His mouth still gaped open, desperate for air. He shut it tenderly. Apart from the crumpled position he was lying in, he could have been sleeping. Commodus remembered times as a boy when he had run to his bed, afraid of the things that lurked in the dark. Suddenly, he felt that young again - scared, childish, hunted by whatever was in the shadows. He saw this moment through that innocent vision, rushed into a bloody, twisted future, with no way to turn back time. He could not warn his youthful, free self of the troubles to come. A wave of anger swept over him. He had never liked feeling helpless. But no, he was not helpless anymore. This act - this sin - had purged the trials from his life. He had loved his father, but the great Marcus Aurelius had never loved him. Not as he loved his empire, not as he loved Maximus. His power would have fallen upon that rural, unworthy general - the same who had tried to take Lucilla from him. Now, it belonged to him, and so did she. The fate of Rome lay in his hands. His patricidal, tainted hands. Another punch of nausea hit his gut. He shuddered. No. He was emperor now. Ave Caesar. Ave Caesar. He would not cry, nor feel guilt. His barbed, golden crown elevated him above that. Father, if only you had loved me as I loved you... Breathing slowly, he rose onto his feet. Somehow, he found the strength to grasp the old man and pull him back into his bed. Seeing him there made it easier to accept the lie he would tell the Senate and his people - Marcus Aurelius died in his sleep. Commodus, Lucilla and the empire would mourn like dutiful children. And then his reign could begin. The final blot on his power was Maximus. But, like the tigers in his father's Coliseum, he would tear him apart. He would be the saviour of all Rome. And they would love him for it. A/N: So this was a little prompt fill I did on my Tumblr blog as part of a list of '23 emotions people feel but can't explain' which me and my friend have done some some stories about. This was for 'Énouement' which means: the bittersweetness of having arrived in the future, seeing how things turned out, but not being able to tell your past self. It was kind of intimidating to do this as I love Gladiator so much and I wanted to do it justice. So I tried to show the volatile, frightening aspects of Commodus who Joaquin Phoenix plays so amazingly. Hope you enjoyed, feedback always appreciated :) ","Summary":" Énouement Softly, he laid him on the floor. To begin with, he could not look. He kept his head down"},{"Movie":"Gladiator","Title":"The Gladiator","Author":"Retro Soul","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11512632","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I saw you from afar. From above your dusty floor. From which you made the crowds roar. And you held you head high. And you fought for your own life. I asked your name and they told me. You went by a title and it hung on my tongue. Gladiator. You face I did not see. You name I did not know. I envisioned it in my mind. The lines of your nose. The red in your cheeks. They called you the Spaniard. And a Spaniard you were. But my first glimpse of your face was also the emperors. He called you by name but I called you by title. Gladiator. But now everyone spoke your name. From the markets to the temples, it was all I ever heard. Maximus! Maximus! Maximus! Gladiator, I said. I want to meet Gladiator. But Gladiator was a façade and Spaniard was an adjective. I couldn't fool myself into thinking you were not of a noble life. A general, a father, a husband. All the things that were taken from you were what made you great. I wanted only to touch the hands that welded that sword with such ease. With such a vengeance. I sought you out. I asked where can I find the Gladiator? They knew. I was taken to you at night. They had Rome's saviour locked in a cell, clothed in rags. You did not know me. At that moment, I did not know myself. And, although I had never spoken your name on my tongue, I felt I knew you from the moment I laid eyes on your sweat slathered face. For it was the first time I had seen it within my reach. Your face held confusion. Confusion that I tried to ignore. I could not ignore it when you asked who I was and what I wanted with you. I told you I wanted to meet the man whom they call Maximus Meridius. The saviour of Rome. The general. The Gladiator. You clenched the bars of your cell as if they were the neck of the emperor himself. That man is gone, you said. I am what is left. You were a man detached from reality, only clinging onto the remains of your life to bring justice to the murder of your family. In your face, I saw that this was so. My aspirations with you instantly vanished in this moment. I wanted nothing more than to see you succeed. What a moment it was when you turned the emperor's own dagger against him. With what little you had left, Gladiator, you wrote your sorrows in the sand with his blood. You were free to go home. And, indeed, you went. Some said you died as a saviour. A soldier, paying his last honour to his country. But I knew, as they carried your body away, what had happened that day. You died on your own accord. You were not a general nor a hero when you closed your eyes for the last time. You were a Gladiator. ","Summary":" I saw you from afar. From above your dusty floor. From which you made the crowds roar. And you held"},{"Movie":"Gladiator","Title":"The Empress- Prelude","Author":"William22","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10952505","Passage":"[Chapter 1] THE EMPRESS The Prelude Breathing heavily, the gladiator looks at his bloody hands in shock in horror and locks eyes with the empress who is moved by his actions he then looks out among the crowd as they cheer frantically. He summons his will power and screams, \"Aren't you not entertained!\" Hurriedly, the empress rushes from her corridor with her servants and chambermaids following her. She runs to her chamber shutting the door behind her and weeps frantically. Later that evening she is relaxing in her bath chambers while she is being pampered all she can seem to think about is the events of that day. She would never imagined that things could become so violent so fast. \"What have I done?\" she yells and then begins to weep uncontrollably again. \"My lady what is the matter?\" asked one of her servants \"LEAVE ME! GET OUT!\" she demands they leave immediately without word or complaint. She submerged herself in the water shutting out the outside world just her and her thoughts. \"Open the gate!\" she demands \"Open the Gate for the Empress!\" immediately the gates are open under heavy guard the empress proceeds to the gladiator chamber \"make way!\" the guards bark at the gladiators. They make their way down to a lower level and \"Let me see him!\" she demands. And without hesitation the guard of the cell opens the gate. \"Leave us.\" She said. The guards stand at a distance. The gladiator doesn't even budge yet he said, \"Do what I owe this visitation?\" She violently attacks him. Giving him a bloody lip while ruining her evening attire. They both stand on opposing walls of the cell. \"What made it come to this?\" he asks. Breathing heavily she answers \"You did.\" \"I did?\" \"Yes! You!\" Make sure to write a review for more on this exciting new story! ","Summary":" THE EMPRESS The Prelude Breathing heavily, the gladiator looks at his bloody hands in shock in horr"},{"Movie":"Gladiator","Title":"Volatus Phoenicis","Author":"CrisHenkeln","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10853332","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Corría como si su vida fuese en ello, hacía mucho que no sentía aquella libertad, notando su sangre recorrer a una velocidad pasmosa por sus venas, sintiendo el aire rozando su rostro. Había terminado sus tareas con su grammaticus hacía relativamente poco y estaba disfrutando de los minutos de extrema felicidad. Tenía tiempo libre y quería jugar. Su hermana y él habían finalizado sus labores al ser los dos mayores de entre sus hermanos. Su hermano Marcus seguía estudiando. Se paró en seco respirando bruscamente, faltándole el aire que fue inhalado por sus exhaustos pulmones. Estaba cansado de tanto correr pero aquella sonrisa mostraba alegría absoluta. También estaba contento porque hoy o mañana su madre Faustina regresaría después de haber estado varios meses al lado de su padre en las campañas del norte en Germania. Atento a que su hermana Annia viniera por aquel atrio, se apresuró a esconderse detrás de las cortinas de la gran sala. Tarde o temprano pasaría. Ya estaba escondido cuando oyó ruido de pisadas y se envolvió más entre las telas. Vio cautelosamente a través del escondite que era ella, con unos grandes ojos azules y hermosos al igual que los de su madre y el pelo recogido con una cinta. Ella continuaba andando ajena a cualquier peligro llevando unos pergaminos en su mano derecha. Cuando pasó cerca de él, éste no pudo evitar una media sonrisa pícara. Apartó las cortinas y alargó su brazo cogiéndole la mano rápidamente haciendo que ella soltase un grito de la sorpresa. Ambos perdieron el equilibrio cuando ella intentó librarse de su opresor. Él cayó sobre ella quien le miraba divertida. -Maldito seas Lucius, podías haber sido un asesino de padre… -No creo, padre está lejos y por lo que yo sé la guardia pretoriana siempre está atenta a todo. Sería imposible que alguien entrase aquí así como un germano en un campamento romano. Ambos volvieron incorporarse estando aún los pergaminos en el suelo. -Deja esos papiros tan aburridos y vente a jugar conmigo. -No puedo, mi grammaticus me ha obligado a ir esta tarde a ver a Davus para aprender las obras de Platón. Debo estar en la biblioteca lo antes posible- él la miró apenado. -La filosofía nunca te ha sido de agrado al igual que a mí. Además ¿estos conocimientos no deberías aplicarlos más adelante?- Sinceramente él detestaba la filosofía como ningún otro saber, tal vez era porque su padre ponía mucho empeño en que aprendiese las bases en los que se había fundado Roma. Sin filosofía no había Roma y sin Roma no había filosofía decía él exponiendo que su propio hijo debía aplicarla cuando fuese emperador. - Sí, pero padre se alegrará de ver que hemos progresado cuando regrese de Germania. - Si necesitas estos pergaminos para estudiar entonces…- la contempló con mirada felina, al igual que un depredador mira a su presa- no los necesitarás en absoluto para poder jugar- Y dicho esto apresó dos de los numerosos papeles esparcidos en el suelo de mármol y se dirigió corriendo hacia la puerta. - ¡Lucius no! ¡Los necesito! ¡Vuelve aquí, no corras! – Gritó Annia. Lo perdió de vista. Suspiró. Esta era una de las cosas que más apreciaba de su hermano, siempre buscaba una situación o momento para divertirse con ella y de alguna manera (inconscientemente) para que se olvidase por un rato de sus obligaciones como hermana de quien sería el futuro emperador de Roma. Estaba muy agradecida de que su padre se preocupara por su educación y por la de todos sus hermanos debido a sus ideales pero había veces que su propio grammaticus la agobiaba más de la cuenta queriendo que su padre, el emperador, el filósofo se sintiese más que satisfecho con su trabajo realizado sin tener en cuenta lo que ella quería o deseaba. Pero era dichosa de tener la oportunidad de conocer, aprender y saber cosas sobre Roma y todos los pueblos que la rodeaban. Siempre había sentido curiosidad por el mundo y tenía la ilusión de poder conocer más sitios como Germania donde su padre estaba luchando contra las tribus germanas. Su madre regresaría pronto lo cual le provocaba gran emoción. Sus hermanos y ella la amaban como a ningún ser en este planeta, sobre todo Lucius quien desde la muerte de su hermano gemelo se sentía muy unido a ella. A parte del cariño que les mostraba era ella, la mismísima emperatriz, quien quería expresamente ocuparse de ellos a pesar de que tuviera todos los criados que quisiese. Pero a quien más confiaba esta tarea no era un criado, sino al jefe máximo de la guardia pretoriana, Quintus quien los cuidaba como a sus propios hijos cuando el emperador se ausentaba aunque hubiese grammatici de antemano. Sonrió una vez más y olvidándose de los demás manuscritos salió corriendo tras su hermano. La guardia pretoriana seguía estando en sus puestos, firmes, contemplando en silencio como el futuro monarca y su hermana salían fuera del palacio para dar paso a los jardines tremendamente cuidados por los esclavos. -Estos dos no cambiarán…- dijo Quintus observándoles divertido, apoyado en una columna. Dos guardias de su cuerpo militar venían hacia él. - Un nuntius ha venido esta mañana mi general, dice que entregará el mensaje a la persona de la más máxima confianza del emperador. Os está esperando en el peristilo. - Vigiladles en mi ausencia- expuso fríamente El mensajero estaba con los brazos cruzados sentado en el borde de la fuente. Se incorporó rápidamente al ver a Quintus. -¿Y bien? ¿Qué noticias traes desde Germania? - Me temo que pésimas señor. No sé el contenido del mensaje pero no se trata sobre la situación de las legiones sino de un asunto familiar relacionado con el emperador. -¿Familiar? -Así es. Tome- dijo entregándole el contenido. -¿Ya te han pagado por tu servicio? El nuntius afirmó. -Entonces puedes marcharte- expuso con un tono de preocupación.- ¿Un asunto familiar? ¿Desde cuándo Marco Aurelio enviaba un mansaje que trataba sobre su familia? Cuando hubo abierto el contenido y empezó a leerlo sus mayores preocupaciones se habían hecho realidad. Germania, invierno del año 171. Marco Aurelio estaba desolado, mirando al vacío mientras recordaba los buenos momentos que había pasado junto a su mujer. El dolor de haberla perdido no hace más de 3 días se hacía insoportable y sus ganas de dirigir a su ejército y a las 8 legiones que lo componían habían expirado. Se echó las manos a la cabeza sintiéndose más culpable a medida que pasaban los minutos. No debió haber permitido que Faustina le hubiera acompañado en esta campaña, no debió pero sin embargo lo permitió porque simplemente no podía rechazar los deseos de ella y porque, para ser sincero, quería que estuviese a su lado. La rabia de haberla perdido se apoderó de él y volcó la mesa más cercana a él. Acto seguido se arrodilló gimiendo desconsolado martirizándose por su muerte. Si se hubiese negado ahora estaría junto a sus hijos en Roma a salvo esperando su regreso. Hacía mucho que no se sentía tan destrozado, sin ganas de seguir. ¿Por qué Pluto no puedo esperar a que ambos cruzaran juntos el Tártaro? ¿Por qué? -Marcus…. Lo siento muchísimo- dijo Verus con un hilo en la voz. Aurelio se giró hacia su compañero y le abrazó.- No debí haberla dejado ir conmigo, no debí… -Hiciste lo que pensaste que era lo correcto. No te culpes ni lastimes a tu pobre corazón, Marcus. Ella no fue capaz de resistir al invierno. -Esto no hubiese pasado si los bárbaros no hubiesen puesto en peligro nuestras fronteras, esto no hubiese sucedido si me hubiese negado a su petición…-expuso con angustia. -Llevas días sin dormir, necesitas descansar. -El sueño ahora es mi peor enemigo, Somnus me persigue en su forma más monstruosa. Tengo pesadillas Verus… y un dolor indescriptible en mi corazón. -Entonces lo único que puedes hacer es dejar que el tiempo pase y la herida de tu corazón cicatrice- dijo reconfortándole- - Me gustaría que este aterrador suceso no llegase a las puertas de Roma, no quiero que nadie lo sepa hasta que esté preparado, excepto Quintus- dijo cabizbajo- Él es, después de ti, la persona en quien más confío. El será quien de la noticia a mis hijos. Me gustaría haber sido yo en persona pero soy incapaz de contárselo…. No puedo. -¿Te refieres sobre todo a tu hijo Cómodo, verdad?- Aurelio afirmó - Jamás quise que mi hijo a tan temprana edad viese por segunda vez la fechoría más horripilante cometida por la muerte en nuestra familia. No te puedes imaginar lo mucho que estaba unido a su madre. -Deberá superarlo al igual que tú, la muerte es un hecho inevitable en el ser humano, tú mismo lo dijiste en el libro que estás llevando a cabo. -La muerte es injusta… me ha arrebatado a lo que más amaba y lo que más amaban mis hijos. No puedo aceptarla, no después de esto. - Lo sé, yo también la quería y apreciaba, después de todo era parte de nuestra familia. -Mis disculpas- interrumpió un legionario- el mensajero ya está aquí. Marco Aurelio se recompuso a duras penas. El legionario se fue dejando al nuntius con los dos emperadores. -Espera a que él escriba el mensaje y entonces podrás irte a Roma. -Sí, mi César. Verus volvió a poner la mesa como estaba antes, le dio el cálamo y le dijo: -Ya verás como todo va a ir bien Marcus. Es un trámite que el individuo debe pasar. No va a resultarte nada fácil pero debes superarlo por ti… y por tus hijos. Debes darles esperanza y no desolación. - Gracias Verus. Es un honor tenerte a mi lado-dijo con media sonrisa. Y en cuanto al Senado y al pueblo romano sabrán la noticia cuando me sea preciso- y dicho esto procedió a escribir a Quintus sobre el espantoso acontecimiento. ","Summary":" Corría como si su vida fuese en ello, hacía mucho que no sentía aquella libertad, notando su sangre"},{"Movie":"Gladiator","Title":"Echoes","Author":"Charmtion","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10142960","Passage":"[Chapter 1] -ж- He has his back to her as he washes his hands. A pretty bowl with a frieze of flowers on the side; she watches as the blood runs off his fingers into the scented water. He turns for a fleeting moment to take a rag to dry his hands from a waiting slave and she catches her breath. He's barely changed, a little taller, his muscles a little deeper; but his face is still the same, strong-jawed, clean lines, handsome, a short beard now taking the place of fresh, boyish skin. She feels her sister move to her side. \"How does it feel seeing him after all these years?\" asks Vibia, tentatively. She watches her sister curiously and frowns. Geminia's hand is steady on the curtain, her face a smooth mask in the gold throw of candlelight, her eyes cloaked in kohl and quiet. \"Maximus,\" is all she whispers, so quietly Vibia wonders if she's spoken at all. \"What do you – \" \"I feel nothing,\" murmurs Geminia, her voice soft, low. \"Nothing.\" She continues to stare at his broad back beneath the plates of armour, his strong arms, his crown of dark hair, listens to his reluctant crack of laughter. \"No hope, nor joy, nor hate.\" \"But you have missed him?\" questions Vibia. Geminia sighs. \"What we do in youth, we carry through life.\" What we do in life echoes in eternity . His whisper runs through her mind, chasing past her waking memories. She closes her eyes and lets the curtain fall back into place. Without word she turns away from her sister's caring, open face and walks swiftly out of their tent and into the cold air of Germania. A few sentries gawp at the lady in her fine silks and hennaed hands but she turns from them too, walks a while until she finds a spot empty save for moonlight. A tear starts down her cheek. Foolish girl , she thinks furiously, foolish, foolish girl, it's been years . . . years , yet still he makes you cry . She dabs her cheeks, her fingers coming away dotted with kohl and she curses beneath her breath. The night is cold and clear, a handful of stars scattered across the black sky, and she shivers. A thousand images run through her mind. Silly, stupid things she suddenly remembers. The stretch of skin across Maximus' bare back, the dip and sway of his shoulders as he walks, the feel of his arms choking her waist, the warmth of his mouth on her neck . . . \"Geminia?\" The voice makes her start. She spins round in a swirl of silk to find her father stood there, heaped in a thousand cloaks and furs. His beard has long grown wild, but his eyes are as bright as ever. \"Father,\" she murmurs, kissing his cheeks. He looks at her for a long moment, considering. His fingers find hers. \"If only you had been born a man,\" he whispers. \"What a Caesar you would have made.\" His face is sad, wistful. \"You would have been strong . . . I wonder, would you have been just?\" \"I would have been what you'd taught me to be,\" she replies with a small smile. \"Ah,\" he says, his mouth lifting for a moment. \"Then you would have been simply magnificent.\" She gives a little laugh. \"How was your journey?\" he asks. \"Long, tedious,\" she answers. \"I managed to ride for most of it before they forced me back inside that monstrous wagon.\" Her eyes are alight with laughter. \"Tell me, why have you summoned your daughters here?\" \"I need your help,\" begins her father, taking her arm and beginning to walk. \"With your brother.\" \"As always,\" she smiles, walking step by slow step beside him. \"He loves you all, especially Faustina,\" he says carefully. \"And he'll need you all now more than ever.\" He smiles at the concern on her face. \"But that's enough of politics . . . let's pretend that you are a loving daughter and I am a good father.\" They walk along in silence. She turns to him and smiles. \"This is a pleasant fiction, isn't it?\" -ж- Geminia steps quietly into the tent but finds Vibia awake anyway. She smiles a moment at her younger sister. Taller than Geminia, but slighter, with a great braid of honey-coloured hair over one shoulder. She looks up as Geminia comes in and smiles, marking her place in a scroll with her finger. \"You were gone a while,\" she remarks. Geminia pulls the cloak from her shoulders and begins to undress. \"Where's Faustina?\" she asks, stepping out of her shoes. Vibia raises her eyebrows. \"Where do you think Fausie is?\" \"Commodus?\" Vibia nods. Geminia groans. \"Stupid slut,\" she says quietly. She folds her silk gown into a trunk and pulls a linen tunic on. \"At home it is bad enough – but on campaign ?\" \"She says they only read together,\" whispers Vibia as Geminia gets into bed beside her. They huddle close together, shouldering the blankets and shivering. \"Read and talk. She says she soothes him.\" \"She's his sister, Vibia, just as he is our brother,\" murmurs Geminia, closing her eyes. \"Sisters should go nowhere near their brothers' beds.\" Vibia nods slowly. \"Maximus was asking after you at the banquet.\" Geminia's eyes open and Vibia watches the brief leap of excitement explode before it is mastered. \"What did he say?\" \"Whether you'd come from Rome,\" whispers Vibia. \"Asked about Lucius.\" \"Not like Maximus to mouth platitudes at people,\" she remarks. \"No sympathies, I assure you,\" says Vibia firmly. \"He seemed afraid when I told him you were here.\" \"Let him fear me,\" whispers Geminia, struggling to hide the hurt in her voice. She turns away from her sister and murmurs lower than a breath now. \"As long as he doesn't love me.\" -ж- ","Summary":" -ж- He has his back to her as he washes his hands. A pretty bowl with a frieze of flowers on the si"},{"Movie":"Gladiator","Title":"Night Light","Author":"Foegerfeax","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9553864","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The moon was already high in the sky when Lucilla was awakened by the slight shift of weight upon her bed. The night so far had passed uneventfully in a blur of disturbing, if unimportant, half-remembered dreams, and Lucilla was already mostly conscious (if she was honest with herself) by the time her brother entered and sat upon the edge of the bed, kneading her sheets between dampened fingers. \"What is it, Commodus?\" she murmured blearily, only a little annoyed at having her rest disturbed. Raising herself up on one elbow she regarded him through eyes still clouded with slumber. The translucent gauze hangings surrounding her bed were illuminated by the moon's glow, offering a brilliant backdrop to Commodus' form, shadow-shrouded save for one hand which fell directly in the light. There, his skin tone matched the pristine whiteness of the silken sheets it clutched and the grim pallor of the moon itself. But despite the radiant backlighting, she could see his eyes remained pits of shadow, red-rimmed and shiny in a way that was almost feverish. His piercing gaze never wavered from her face as she appraised him. \"Brother, you look awful! Are you ill?\" Commodus finally looked away, forcing his hands to stop strangling his sister's sheet and folding them carefully in his lap. His voice was soft as ever and sounded as though he'd planned the words carefully, though they were spoken with a slight raise of his dark eyebrows that made it seem he surprised even himself by actually saying them. \"I... just haven't been sleeping well.\" Lucilla crawled across the bed so she sat beside him and pushed a brown curl, damp with sweat, off his forehead. \"You look like you haven't been sleeping at all ,\" she said concernedly, holding his face between her hands and studying it. \"What's the matter, Commodus?\" He inhaled deeply through his nose, eyes closed as he enjoyed her scent and the feeling of her cool hands on his skin, holding onto them lightly with his own. \"You know I don't sleep well by myself, sister. I never have.\" His pale eyes, still glazed and ill-looking, opened. He stared right into her eyes. All at the same time, his eyes begged for help and condemned her cruelly, pale green illuminated eerily in the moon's glow. The light reflected off one cheekbone and threw the rest of his face into deep shadow; all except his eyes. Those mesmerizing, liquid eyes glimmering with fever yet somehow dark. Lucilla looked down, pulling gently at her hands to remove them from her brother's face and grasp. He let her go only reluctantly and let out a soft sigh as he shifted on the silk sheets. \"Let me sleep with you?\" His voice was innocent, hope tinting the smooth, normally unreadable tone. \"Let me sleep here, with you, Lucilla?\" he repeated more quietly as he moved closer, two long fingers caressing his sister's cheek as he lay his head on her shoulder. \"Commodus... you should go to your room...\" Tilting his face to press his lips to Lucilla's neck, Commodus felt her pulse fluttering, far faster than usual. A tiny bittersweet smile spreading over his features, he murmured, \"Please, sister? It's so very dark and lonely in there...\" Lucilla swallowed and closed her eyes, trying to ignore Commodus' hot breath on her throat, the hand now entwined in her hair. She swung her legs back up onto the bed and crawled under the blankets, making room for him beside her. Wordlessly he joined her, pushing the moonlit gauze out of his way. Commodus wrapped his arms around her back and pulled her tightly to him, breathing her scent. \"I love you, Lucilla. I always have.\" He tilted his face and brushed a kiss low on her cheek, right beside her lips. \"And I love you, my brother.\" Commodus nestled closer, mouth slightly open against her skin, breath coming slow and heavy. And only after she was certain he was asleep did Lucilla let herself cry. ","Summary":" The moon was already high in the sky when Lucilla was awakened by the slight shift of weight upon h"},{"Movie":"Gladiator","Title":"Goodbye, Brother","Author":"Arcaya","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10882183","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The crowd's cheers seemed to swing in and out of earshot as he felt himself fade in and out of consciousness. He was dying, and they were cheering. Why? For some barbaric slave, a fallen general who couldn't accept the consequences of his own betrayal? His laboured breathing became more and more constricted by the second as he thought of this fact. This pathetic excuse for a human life- the man his father, his empire, even his sister, had loved more than him? This was to be the man who was to claim his life? He lay in the gravel, unable to move, wishing some small mercy would allow him to scream out his dying breaths with the rage that filled him. And then he saw her. Lucilla . She was there, in the ring, kneeling in the gravel beside Maximus, beside the traitor, whispering sickly, loving pleas to him as he lay wounded in the ground. Commodus wished he had strength enough to call out to her, to outstretch his arm to her, anything. The harsh, coppery scent and taste of his own blood was almost overpowering, and the blazing heat of the sun hit the Colosseum, scorching his wounds, almost blinding him. You're my sister, he wanted to scream, why don't you care that I'm dying? Commodus remembered the immeasurable amount of dark nights he'd spent alone, longing for Lucilla's presence, wishing only for her comforting embrace, her protection, her love. But she never obliged, he was forced to spend every one of those nights alone, forced to watch the shadows cast across the walls of the master bedroom twisting into unimaginable horrors before his eyes as he was reduced to quietly sobbing himself to sleep. Had he really been as awful as everyone claimed? Was it he who had been the true monster after all? All he'd wanted was the love of his people, the love of his family… \"Commodus?\" His thoughts were broken as he looked up, his vision blurring, he was still able to make out the figure of his sister, leaning over him, tears in her eyes. Her hand rested upon his cheek, she was inhumanly warm, or perhaps he was inhumanly cold. \"Lucilla…\" He whispered, his eyes welling with tears. She hadn't forgotten him. \"I'm sorry, sister…for everything I've done to you. Please forgive me now, before I die.\" \"My poor brother, how did your mind become so sick? I wish I could have helped you. Before all of this. Before it was too late.\" Lucilla sobbed, taking her brother's icey-cold hand in her's and holding it tightly. Shakily, she pulled his hand towards her mouth, and kissed it gently. \"Do you hurt, brother? Are you in pain?\" \"No. I can't feel it anymore.\" Commodus stated blankly, the grim realisation of this setting in as he spoke, and his body tensing with horror. He didn't want to die. \"I'm afraid, Lucilla.\" He whimpered, his expression almost childlike, tears rolling down his cheeks as he closed his eyes. \"I'm so afraid.\" \"Don't be frightened.\" Lucilla smiled through her sorrow, running her fingers through her brother's hair as he grew colder still. \"I forgive you, brother, for everything you have done. Your sickness can end now, your torment will cease.\" She held her brother's hands tightly within her own as she watched a faint, brief smile pass over the bloodied face of the dying Emperor. \"Sleep now, Commodus. I love you.\" After some minutes of denial, Lucilla felt her brother's hand become lifeless in her's as she let go of his still form slowly. Standing, she took one last glance over the body of her sibling and felt an immense sadness for the poor insane creature he had become. Maybe now he could find peace. \"Goodbye, Brother.\" ","Summary":" The crowd's cheers seemed to swing in and out of earshot as he felt himself fade in and out of cons"},{"Movie":"Gladiator","Title":"Lucilla's Son","Author":"Arcaya","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10995844","Passage":"[Chapter 1] He knew the news before it was delivered to him that bizarrely cold night. As he heard his sister's footsteps, Commodus attempted to ignore their progression towards his bed chamber as he sat tensely upon the edge of his bed, his hands already kneading into the rich purple and gold silk of his bedspread. \" Commodus? Are you there?\" He heard a somewhat cautious voice call across the vast space of the hallway; it echoed against the stone walls and sent a shrill tingle down his spine. He ignored Lucilla's call, turning his gaze over to the pale lilac curtains fluttering in the sharp, cool wind that drifted in from across the nearby balcony. He had hoped his suspicions had been unfounded; he'd desperately needed them to be. Commodus knew all too well of his tendency to exaggerate and distort the truth at the slightest cue. But no, he'd seen the truth that night, in all its loathsome saccharinity. He'd watched through the doorway of his sister's chambers, the door left slightly ajar as always (perhaps she'd wanted him to see?), Commodus had watched as Lucilla lay with Verus, the fool she had chosen over him, watched as he placed a vile, brutish hand over his sister's belly. Verus was the worst sort of man Lucilla could have possibly chosen for a husband, a sickly combination of the intellectual and the supposed brave warrior combined. Commodus disliked him for this excess of so called virtuous qualities alone, but what he truly hated Verus for was his effect upon Lucilla. She was so taken with him, her usually hardened gaze seemed to melt the moment she looked upon him, an uncharacteristic softness came about her as she laid her hands upon him, as she kissed him, ran her hands through his soft golden hair with a wonder akin to embracing a god in the flesh. Commodus recalled the frequent crushing weight against his chest he'd experienced at witnessing the two together, the lump that rose in his throat and the welling of reluctant tears in his eyes. This man was not destined for Lucilla; he was destined for a gory death on the battlefield, the death of a fool. Why couldn't Lucilla see any of this? Commodus had asked himself this night after night, why couldn't Lucilla see that her true destiny lay with him? He loved her more than anyone in this life or the next could ever love someone. \"Commodus,\" Lucilla began, appearing at last in the doorway. For a moment, Commodus wished she would leave before delivering the crushing yet obvious news. He felt his jaw clench so hard his teeth ground together like chalk stones, and his fingernails stung as he dug them further into the luxurious bedspread. And then he glanced upward, and a look of pained neutrality assembled. \"Hello Lucilla.\" \"Didn't you hear me calling you, brother?\" Lucilla's smile was hesitant, but clear. \"I'm sorry, the night air is quite distracting, I suppose.\" Commodus muttered, gesturing across towards the balcony, the lilac curtains fluttering as the night air howled through them. \"Oh…\" Lucilla began, her gaze turning to the few dimming lights of the candles and torch lamps spread across Commodus' chambers. \"Do you wish for me to light some more candles for you, brother?\" She continued, now noticeably shaking as she hurried towards an extinguished stand, \"I know how the dark frightens you—\" \"Why don't you just tell me the news , sister.\" Commodus cut in, bluntly. \"I—what do you mean, brother?\" \"You're with child, are you not?\" He spat, bitterly. \"With him. \" Lucilla stood by the extinguished flame- stunned, her mouth slightly agape as she looked back at her brother with an obvious fear that had begun to make him hate himself further. Why is she afraid of me? She shouldn't fear me, she should love me. \"Yes.\" Lucilla began, after a hesitant pause. \"Yes, brother, I am.\" \"Well,\" Commodus began, \"this certainly calls for a celebration, wouldn't you say?\" His face marked with a look of uncharacteristic joy as he rose, walking over to the nightstand and pouring two goblets of wine. He walked over to Lucilla, who stood trembling before him. \"A drink, to your child.\" Commodus smiled, handing a glass to Lucilla as he placed a hand against her belly. Lucilla gasped, and then did her best to pretend she hadn't. Her stomach had already begun to swell with Verus' offspring, he could feel it as he lay his hand upon her. It made him feel sick. He swallowed the wine he had just taken back quickly, following it with another generous swig. He drew his hands away from her and felt another sharp pain in his chest and a lump beginning to form in his throat as he did so. Verus, you bastard. You've ruined her, tainted her forever. \"Commodus, please be happy for me.\" Lucilla began, her hands reaching for her brother's before he could fully withdraw them. \"You know I can't.\" He muttered, his voice wavering before the inevitable tears began to roll down his cheeks slowly. \"Lucilla, I love you.\" \"Shhh…brother,\" Lucilla's expression softened, as she brought his wretched, trembling hands back to her pregnant belly and held them there for a moment. \"Love me as a sister, Commodus. Love Verus as a brother, and be a loving uncle to our child.\" She leaned in, planting a kiss on her brother's forehead. Commodus felt himself lean into Lucilla at that moment, sobbing somewhat indignantly into her shoulder. Our child. Our child. She embraced him, but not in the way he desired. \"One day you'll be Emperor, Commodus. And on that day, you'll forget all about me. You'll find someone you truly love.\" Lucilla whispered, running her hands through her brother's hair as he whimpered softly into her chest, like a frightened child, clutching at her dress as he had the bedspread earlier. She knew nothing she'd told him was really true. From a young age, Lucilla had learnt to both fear and pity her poor, mad sibling. He truly was insane, and for that, she felt a great sorrow. His vague attempts at logic and kindness were somewhat heartbreaking. He simply did not understand. That night, Lucilla lit all the candles in her brother's bed chamber, even staying with him as he drifted off into what was undoubtedly a disturbed and traumatic sleep. Once her brother had finally settled into whatever well deserved abyss he was to endure for the night, Lucilla retired to her own room, and to Verus. It was as Lucilla blew out the last candle in her room that night that she first felt crippled with the insidious notion that the child she carried within her was in great danger, and would remain to be so until her brother was no longer living. ","Summary":" He knew the news before it was delivered to him that bizarrely cold night. As he heard his sister's"},{"Movie":"Gladiator","Title":"Thanks","Author":"Foegerfeax","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9915303","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Commodus stood bent over the basin, splashing water onto his bruised and bloodied face. It ran down his neck in rivulets, stripping away the grime and blood before dripping down his dirty white chest plate and leaving streaks in the sandy dust, or tumbling back into the basin. Every time he raised the liquid to his face and it returned to the container, it grew a little darker; a little more bloody even as his face slowly cleaned. Whenever he accidentally touched his nose or the purple bruise blossoming over his brow, he would wince slightly; but only with his eyes. Otherwise he remained emotionless, seemingly absorbed with the task of washing himself. Pale hands moved deftly, raising water and smoothing away dirt and crusted blood. Lucilla stood stiffly a few paces behind him. So still was she that her regal form could have passed for a statue of some deceased Empress, serene expression giving no clue to the trials and hardships faced. But inside she was terrified. Having called her to his room in no uncertain terms Commodus had proceeded to ignore her, preferring to pursue cleanliness before offering judgment. Thus her apprehension had built up as the grime on Commodus' face dripped away, mind occupied with wondering what he would do to her. What he would do to her and her son now that Maximus was dead and Commodus' power assured. He finally unbent and regarded himself in the mirror, lips just barely open and fingers gently brushing the long thin scratch in the soft flesh of his neck. The scratch that would have killed him had he not stabbed Maximus before the fight. The thrust that would have killed him if Maximus had collapsed a second later. \"It's funny,\" he murmured, eyes still glued to his own face in the mirror. Lucilla spoke carefully, desperate not to rouse Commodus' anger. \"What is, brother?\" He looked in the mirror for another moment, touching the dark bruise on his forehead before responding slowly, words coiling lazily, dangerous like a sleeping viper. \"You see, my brow hurts, sister. My jaw hurts, where he punched me. My arm hurts from being stabbed , my stomach hurts where he kicked me as I was on the ground . My nose hurts, too. And my muscles are so very sore .\" Lucilla waited silently, certain he would continue if she said nothing. \"But, Lucilla, this little scratch - the knife blow that could have killed me - barely stings.\" His eyes met hers in the mirror, glimmering darkly. \"Now why do you think that is, sister?\" Tension built between them as their eyes remained locked, Lucilla feeling anxiety and fear crescendo in her like a wave threatening to breach the highest dams at the penetrating glare of her brother's pale gaze. Finally she looked down. \"I don't know, Commodus.\" \"Mmm.\" Commodus looked at his reflection another moment, tilting his head to view the knife-mark on his throat before speaking again. \"Well, I suppose you guessed I didn't call you here to ask about that. What I do want to ask, Lucilla,\" he growled, turning to face her with crossed arms, \"Is how you plan to thank me.\" His face was pale as ever, dark curls damp with water and the sweat of the fight an hour before. His lips were slightly pursed though one side of his face was swollen. He took a step towards her and stood there, weight on one leg. \"You betrayed me. You spurned me and planned for me to be killed, but I survived despite all odds. I slew your beloved Maximus ,\" - he spat the name like a curse - \"proving my superiority and right to the mantle of Caesar. And though by rights I should have you and your son crucified, I have not.\" He smiled at her coldly. \"I am merciful.\" Swallowing, Lucilla nodded and forced a smile in return. \"Yes, Commodus. You are most merciful.\" His smirk grew wider. \"How are you going to thank me, sister?\" When she said nothing he tapped a warning foot on the stone tiles and murmured softly, \"Perhaps I should send the Praetorians to ask Lucius instead.\" Panic. \"No, no! I am very grateful!\" She raced over to him and knelt awkwardly at his feet. \"Thank you so much, Caesar, for sparing my son and I.\" Hesitantly touching his foot in pretend adulation, she looked up, hoping to see him appeased. But he appeared mildly disgusted. \"Get up , Lucilla.\" She rose and backed off, nerves buzzing like live wire. Commodus cocked his head and took a step, and another until their faces were mere inches apart, eyes meeting and clashing violently before he broke the gaze. He shifted his head so it was resting on her shoulder and turned to whisper into her ear, lips so close that they brushed her skin as he spoke. \"I ask again: how do you plan to thank me? \" The soft, menacing whisper and the breath on her ear made Lucilla shiver and cross her arms protectively across her chest, but Commodus grabbed her wrists and held them fast at her sides without moving his face from her cheek. \" How , sister? If you don't answer I shall ask my Praetorians to bring Lucius here...\" He touched his forehead to hers, a comradely gesture save for the dark, hungry glimmer in his green eyes. \"Oh, I know how you can thank me, Lucilla,\" he said in mock enlightenment. \"It's getting late and I should go to sleep. You know I won't get any rest if my lovely sister doesn't kiss me goodnight.\" He opened his mouth so that his white teeth were only just showing, but didn't move forward. \"I should let you know that a contingent of the Praetorian wait outside Lucius' room, awaiting my orders. Don't you love him, Lucilla?\" As he spoke his breath brushed her face, clean and minty as usual except for a residue of blood from the fight. He had been punched in the mouth, after all. He brought a hand up to stroke her cheek and she had to swallow hard to avoid flinching away from his touch. \"Don't you love me ?\" Lucilla understood; she was a smart woman. And if it was a choice between her son and her dignity, there really was never any competition. She closed her eyes, fighting off tears, and leaned forwards. Commodus' lips were farther away than she had anticipated and when she finally pressed her mouth onto his, she was almost surprised by the distance. Commodus, for his part, gave a sharp intake of breath and then stood completely motionless, barely reacting to the kiss he had so long desired. Eyes closed in a rapture of ecstasy, he reveled in her taste and smell and nearness, frequently present but never before his in this way. When Lucilla pulled away, lips still tainted with the tang of blood, he remained unmoving for a long moment, staring at his sister with something akin to envy reflected in his light eyes. But then he smiled, and was once again the cat who holds the mouse in his paw. \"That wasn't so difficult, now, was it, sister?\" he asked with a sly smirk. Then he stretched his arms and groaned, wincing at the ache of his back and shoulders. \"Let us relax on the bed, Lucilla.\" Heart pounding, she wordlessly complied and perched, muscles tense, on the edge of his bed. Commodus sat heavily beside her, fingers still absently roving over the long thin scratch on his throat. The red glow of firelight flickered over his cheekbone. \"My muscles are so very sore, sister. Will you try to loosen them for me?\" Commodus turned and offered his back and shoulders to her. Lucilla began to massage him, the parts that weren't obscured by his white armor, just like when he had pulled a muscle practicing overzealously with a toy sword as a boy. A feeling of loss almost overwhelmed her but her strong hands kept working at the tight muscles. Commodus glanced at his sister in distaste. \"You're not doing a very good job, Lucilla. You're not even reaching the most painful parts.\" She replied tersely through pursed lips but kept going. \"It's difficult to give a massage to someone wearing armor.\" \"I suppose you're right,\" Commodus said, smiling although his sister couldn't see his face. \"Take it off.\" \"What?\" Commodus turned to look at her. \"I said, take it off, then. If you can't relieve my poor aching muscles like this, then take the armor off.\" Lucilla didn't like where this was going, but she thought of Lucius, gritted her teeth, and began to remove her brother's chest plate. She knew how to undo a Roman official's armor; Maximus had taught her when they had been together. After carefully undoing the clasps on either side, she lifted the heavy decorative chest plate over her brother's head and bent over to place it gently on the ground. With his sister's back turned, Commodus reached across himself to pull the white, heavily embroidered tunic and simple shirt over his head in one smooth motion, exposing his muscular torso. Then he lazily shifted his position to recline on the bed. One of his sides was covered in deep purple bruising, blotchy against his porcelain skin and disconcertingly clear over the soft rise and fall of his muscles. He lay loosely on the silk sheets, eyes shut against the flickering torchlight, splayed over the bed like a corpse and as pale as one. The dark curls on his forehead almost obscured his closed eyes. \"Commodus?\" Lucilla asked tentatively. She wished she was wondering why her brother was lying on his bed half-naked. Commodus opened one eye and squinted at her in response. \"My feet are sore too, sister.\" He wiggled one foot around, still looking at her expectantly. Lucilla gritted her teeth and walked to the end of his bed, grabbing the laces of one of his boots and beginning to untie them. Think of Lucius, she reminded herself fiercely. I will suffer any indignity for him. Boots finally removed, she took Commodus' foot in her hands and kneaded it firmly, earning soft appreciative moans for her efforts. His muscles really did feel tense. \"Lucilla,\" he said abruptly, looking at her, \"Come do my shoulders.\" Seething inside, she returned to the head of the bed and sat behind him. She lay her hands on his muscular shoulders and began to work at the tightly knotted muscles. Commodus sighed softly. \"Lucilla,\" he said, tilting his neck back to look at her, \"It makes me uncomfortable that I am so exposed.\" \"Shall I bring you your nightshirt? Commodus cocked his head to one side, thinking. Then: \"No,\" he decided abruptly. \"You will just take off your dress too; that way I will not feel exposed compared to you. We will be the same.\" He smiled faintly as if at some joke only he could see. \"Well, Lucilla? Go on.\" She raised her head, meeting his gaze for the first time in minutes. The word left her mouth on a breath of breeze, scarcely loud enough to be said to have been spoken. \"Please,\" she murmured, begging, clutching desperately to the hope that her brother, her little brother, would remember himself and take pity. \"Please.\" Pushing himself up on one arm, Commodus looked at her. \"No,\" he said pointedly. \"You heard everything I said last night. You're lucky to receive this treatment; by rights I should have you killed. And Lucius.\" Gritting her teeth to try and hold in the helpless tears threatening to spill down her cheeks, Lucilla tried again. \"Commodus, you are my brother and I love you, even after everything you've done to Rome and to me. But... this is wrong . Please don't make me do this.\" Commodus sat up, pale green eyes blazing like marsh fire. \" I am Caesar ,\" he spat. \" I do what I wish . Now take off your dress, or I shall be forced do something very nasty to my favorite nephew.\" She could not let him harm Lucius. No matter what. Heart hammering in her chest, Lucilla pulled her dress over her head. Standing before him in nothing but her underclothes, she wrapped her arms protectively around herself and fought down a slight shiver. Commodus sat up straight and looked at her, eyes roving hungrily across the bare expanse of her throat and stomach and thighs. He stood up and put a hand behind her head, in her hair, and pulled her face close to his. \"I love you, Lucilla.\" \"Brother,\" she responded quietly. And then his lips were on hers, devouring her breath as hands roamed over her skin eagerly, searching. Lucilla feigned reciprocation, thinking only of protecting her son, forcing her mind to pretend this was Maximus, or her husband that she was touching; and not her own brother. She shuddered involuntarily and Commodus pulled away, looking slightly ill. \"You may return to your quarters. This is enough for the first night.\" She threw her nightdress back on, not daring to question this turn of luck. Perhaps Commodus had decided to be merciful at least today. \"Lucilla,\" he said roughly, voice cracking, as she turned to go. \"Thank you.\" He looked like something had broken inside of him. She looked at him for a moment, coldly, looked at the man who was not her brother. She nodded stiffly, eyes condemning him. He hid his face wearily with his hands. And then she left. Finis. ","Summary":" Commodus stood bent over the basin, splashing water onto his bruised and bloodied face. It ran down"},{"Movie":"Gladiator","Title":"Just a Drop of Water","Author":"AprilRayne93","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8943794","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I apologize for the silliness of this fic. I wrote it for a science assignment my freshman year in hs. I had to write about a water molecule in the water cycle, and so since I was on a big Gladiator kick at the time, made it about Maximus. I got an A. I had it in my files and thought, heck I'll make this a fanfic. I have had a very eventful life as a water molecule. First, I was dropped into the soil from a rainstorm and joined together with other water molecules inside the soil. We were in a mountain, just above the city of Rome. The year was around 180 A.D. It was the era of the Roman Empire. As I joined with other water molecules, we formed into a stream of fresh water. It was a very clean stream, and we only collected a little soil as we rushed through the rocky down hill slope. We fell down into a man made concrete holding tank, and as we joined with more and more water molecules together, we pooled up deeper. The dirt and soil settled to the bottom, and all that was left was us- gallons of pure, clean water! Very soon we fell into an aqueduct, or pipe system. We slid quickly down the slope, faster and faster, twisting and turning, much like you would at a waterslide at your favorite water park. Except, there were no water parks in my environment. This was ancient Rome, and water parks had not been invented yet. But aqueducts were! The ancient Romans had very advanced technology to invent such a thing. And so, there we were, sliding and twisting among millions of other water molecules, wondering where we would end up this week. Ah, adventure! After the wild ride, we found ourselves in another holding tank, where more soil, dirt and impurities settled to the bottom and the water became even cleaner. Finally we ended up in the public bath. I was here for a few days. I witnessed many people taking baths in our clean, warm pool of water. It was all men, because ladies could not bathe with men around. They might have had a bath of their own, I don't know. But for the time being I was sloshed around and bathed in by dozens and dozens of rich old men, which was not a pretty sight, I must say. There were a few younger ones, which was a much more pleasant sight. Anyhow, the sun was hot and I evaporated into the air after that. After floating in the air as water vapor for several hours, I condensed with some other water molecules and we fell down again in the form of raindrops. I landed in a trough in the city, which happened to be a water trough for horses. I sat there for a day until a HUGE horse drank me up. I went into the horse's mouth, down his esophagus, into his stomach, and through his digestive tract and finally his bloodstream. I found myself clinging onto a red blood cell in the horse's vascular system. This experience lasted for about a day or two. I was taken through blood vessels and was finally collected in the horse's bladder. Very unpleasant I must say. I wanted to get out of the inside of that horse so badly. I got my wish. All of a sudden I was thrown out in a stream of horse urine, and landed on a street. I was still surrounded by all the nasty smelling substances, but had to wait patiently for several hours, in a smelly puddle. Luckily, the hot sun came out, and I was evaporated again into the air. Thank goodness! I hoped to become a part of fresh, clean water again. After floating in the air as water vapor yet again, I condensed into a raindrop with thousands of other water molecules. The raindrop fell and I landed in a fountain this time, and the water was clean and cool. After the disgusting ordeal inside the horse this was wonderful. I got to stay there for a few days, existing as clean drinking water with millions and millions of other lucky molecules. On the third day or so, I was swept into a ceramic pitcher of some type. We piled into the dark pitcher, wondering where we would go now. We soon found out. It was another mouth; another esophagus- another creature was drinking us! What would it be this time? A horse again? A mule? A pig? No, it wasn't such an animal this time. It was a HUMAN who drank me this time! And it was not just ANY human! The person was a very strong muscular man who did not live a very easy life. His name was Maximus, and he was a Gladiator! Just like the horse, I went down his esophagus, into his stomach, and the rest of his digestive system and then into his vascular system. Once again, I rode through blood vessels among plasma and perfectly circular, red blood cells. The vessels became tinier and tinier, and I found myself in a very cozy area which turned out to be the pores of his skin. I mixed in with salt molecules, and became sort of like salt water. At this point I could tell that something very exciting was happening outside of this man's body. There was all kinds of shouting, screaming and yelling. Maximus himself was grunting and groaning. It sounded like he was fighting with someone else. Before I knew it, I was squeezed out and found myself as a sweat drop on his forehead. What I saw was truly frightening. There was another big, strong man holding a weapon that looked like a ball with spikes on it connected to a chain. This man was running at Maximus and trying to kill him with this ball and chain. When he aimed it at him, it was like he was aiming it at me, because I was on his head! Maximus had a weapon as well, a big heavy sword. He wielded it back and lunged at the other Gladiator. The crowd in the coliseum roared. It sounded like they wanted Maximus to win because they kept chanting his name. I was rooting for him as well. I hoped he would win, because I didn't want to be a droplet of sweat on a person who would have to die today. Finally, he groaned and lunged the sword forward and stabbed the other man right in the stomach! He pulled the sword out, and it was covered with blood. The man fell down injured but not dead yet. I felt sorry for him. The entire crowd cheered, including the Emperor who was giving the thumbs down signal. This was not good news for the man who lost the battle. Maximus, the champion, raised his sword and cut the other man's head clean off. The battle was over, and I fell to the ground with all the other sweat drops as a result of his effort and exertion. I lay on the ground of the coliseum and sank down into the dusty soil. The gladiator left, the dead man was carried off, and the crowd of people left. Rain came, and fell on us so that the ground became muddy. I was in a mud puddle for a little while, and then evaporated into the sky again. This time I floated high into the sky, and became part of a rain cloud, where I became part of a raindrop again and fell down, down into the same area of the mountains where I had been before. This had been quite the adventure. ","Summary":" I apologize for the silliness of this fic. I wrote it for a science assignment my freshman year in "},{"Movie":"Gladiator","Title":"Gladiator (Alternative Ending)","Author":"mithras90","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10338273","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This was my very first fanfic - when I was at Uni and watched 'Gladiator' for the very first time. I know that it isn't terribly good and really it is probably a 'Mary Sue' although I didn't know what one was then (I've learnt since.) So, this is just posted up because it was sitting doing nothing on my computer and at least it'll have a chance to get read, even if the reviews are absolutely terrible. I also know that historically it's all wrong Reviews, I'd prefer them to be constructive, rather than just hateful. Gladiator (Alternative Ending) The fight had been wearisome and left Maximus with a number of minor cuts. He was also weary, almost too weary to think. Gradually he became aware that someone was cleaning the graze on his knuckles. He raised his head and stared at the figure of a young woman, her cloak was pulled over her head, although he could see her raven tresses gently swaying. Suddenly he was reminded of his wife and son and grief assailed him. She looked up and he saw hazel eyes in an olive face and a vise seemed to squeeze his heart until there was no breath left in him, \"You grieve for your wife and son.\" She said softly, and the voice was like the summer wind through the trees, \"You should not. They are safe, they wait for you.\" \"You believe this?\" he asked quickly. \"Maximus, I know this. They hear your prayers and their love is with you always.\" She stood up and before he could speak again, was gone. He looked for her again the following day, but she was nowhere to be found. Once he thought he had imagined her, that she was an enchantress, born of his fevered imagination, until the day an arrow struck him in the thigh. He barely made it back to the Gladiators' Barracks. The surgeons were waiting with alcohol and irons and braziers. Maximus leant back against the wall and closed his eyes, he felt others sit beside him and take his arms to press him against the wall. Shock and reaction were beginning to set in as he drifted toward oblivion. He thought he heard voices and then his head fell and he was unconscious. He started awake suddenly. He lay on his back and the room seemed very bright. He closed his eyes again. A shadow fell across him and his eyes opened. It was the woman he had been seeking, in one hand she held a wooden cup, with the other she lifted his head, \"Drink, Maximus.\" Obediently he drank the potion and she lowered his head onto the pillow. Gently she began to stroke his forehead and beard. Almost imperceptibly, Maximus felt himself growing sleepier. He fought to keep his eyes open and then the woman's eyes met and held his. \"Sleep, Maximus,\" she urged. \"Sleep. No bad dreams I promise. Just good ones.\" Whatever resistance Maximus might have attempted dissolved away and the last thing he remembered was her eyes watching him and the feel of her hand on the side of his face. The next few days passed in a blur, he remembered voices and pain. Sometimes the pain drifted away to crouch on the edge of consciousness, but it always returned with more ferocity, leaving him sweating and shaking. He remembered cool water and gentle hands on his head. Then finally, blessed oblivion. He half awoke to hear a woman's voice above him, \"The fever's gone, but he must sleep-\" the rest of the sentence was lost as Maximus drifted into slumber again. He awoke slowly and looked around. He lay in a medium sized room on a single bed. A sheet covered him from the waist down. He sat up and winced as his leg pained him. Then he realized that he was only clad in a pair of subligaria. The door opened and Proximo entered the room. He smiled, \"Ah, my young Spaniard! Awake at last I see.\" \"Where?\" Proximo laughed, \"My home. After your victory against the Parthian my daughter had you brought here.\" Maximus swung his legs out of the bed and took the tunic Proximo handed to him, \"I should like to thank her.\" \"She would consider that you live thanks enough,\" Proximo smiled, \"Now come, my young friend, you should eat something.\" When they had gone, the curtain was pulled back to reveal the same young woman. She stood watching the doorway for a few moments before a smile curved her pale lips and lit the hazel eyes. Proximo smiled at Maximus as he ate, \"I should not pay too much attention to my daughter, she believes the gods talk to her, tell her things.\" Maximus looked up from his plate, \"The gods may have gifted her. She knows my true name – and the reason I go to Rome.\" \"And you will not share that with me?\" Proximo asked. \"I will not share that with any man,\" Maximus replied, \"Not yet.\" \"So you wish to remain the Spaniard. Very well, my friend.\" Proximo grinned, \"but if my daughter's prophecies are correct, the gods may have marked you.\" Maximus shook his head, \"I did not ask to be so marked.\" Proximo reached out and grasped his shoulder, \"What man does, Spaniard? The path the gods choose for any man is difficult indeed – but they have chosen it for you, methinks.\" Maximus got to his feet, \"But I did not choose them. Not for this.\" Proximo watched as he left the room. He dipped his bread in the sauce on his plate and sighed. A shadow fell across the table and he looked up into the face of his daughter. She sat down opposite her father, \"He does not believe he is chosen of the gods.\" \"No. Not in the sense that you do.\" Proximo replied. The woman nodded, \"Few that are so chosen see themselves as such. One day he will know.\" Proximo nodded again, \"Then I hope I live to see that day.\" She gazed lovingly into the face of the man she called Father and suddenly knew with a startling clarity that he would not live to know Maximus was touched by the gods. She got to her feet and gently touched her father's shoulder, \"I have some supplies to get in the market – may I borrow one of your tame gladiators as protection?\" \"Take the Spaniard. He needs the exercise.\" She nodded and was gone. Maximus was sitting in the gladiators' courtyard. She walked across to him so that her shadow fell on him. He opened his eyes and looked up into her face, then seeing who it was, rose to his feet, \"My Lady.\" \"No.\" She smiled, \"I asked my father if one of you would accompany me to the soukh, he gave me you.\" Maximus bowed his head, \"I am at your command, Lady.\" \"Since I know who and what you were, I ask you as a friend if you would consent to come with me.\" Maximus smiled, \"Tell me your name.\" She smiled again, \"I was named for the Emperor that freed my father. I am called Aurelia.\" \"Then I shall gladly come with you, Lady Aurelia.\" \"You'll need to arm yourself,\" Aurelia pulled her veil up so that it covered her hair, \"Come.\" They picked their way through the many stalls; all around them the air was filled with the aroma of spices and the cries of the vendors. Maximus stood next to her as she halted at one of the stalls and began examining some herbs displayed on it. The sharp scent of mint brought tears to his eyes; Aurelia turned and gently touched his arm, \"Come, Maximus. I have to purchase one more item.\" He turned his head away, ashamed of his tears, impulsively Aurelia reached out to lay a hand along the side of his face, \"Grief is not something to be ashamed of, and a grief such as yours ought not to be hidden.\" His hand came up and covered hers, finally he said thickly, \"I am a Roman and a Man, and my grief should not be so public.\" \"Nor should you seek to pretend that you do not feel it.\" She replied, \"Revenge is a hollow victory if you lose all else.\" For the first time that day she saw a smile light his whole face, \"Revenge is a dish best served cold.\" Aurelia nodded, \"But can you serve it that cold?\" Then she'd slipped her hand free and was moving swiftly through the crowd, leaving Maximus to limp after her. \"I met Marcus Aurelius once,\" Aurelia said, as they moved into the deeper recesses of the soukh, \"the last time my father went to Rome, some seventeen years ago. He asked me why I was called Aurelia and I told him I was named after him. He laughed and gave me the gold ring he wore on his little finger.\" \"He was a father to me,\" Maximus replied, and would say no more. Aurelia stopped before a small building, \"Keep your hand on your dagger,\" she warned, \"I am about to purchase some opium and sometimes it can become quite violent.\" Surprisingly the transaction went quite well, the weasel-faced little man whined a bit about the amount he was selling for the price, but after Maximus had laid his hand on the gladius Aurelia had insisted he wear, the man's protests died in his throat. They exited into the humid air of the soukh and a long low sigh escaped from both their throats, \"I see what you mean about it being dangerous,\" Maximus remarked. \"I'm lucky I had you there,\" Aurelia responded, \"Now I think we should return home.\" They were greeted with gusto by a delighted Proximo, \"We go to Rome, my friends! We go to Rome! And you-\" he said, grasping Maximus by the shoulders, \"You will make the crowd love you and be the hero of all of Rome!\" Aurelia gently cradled the man's head on her knees and stroked the hair back from his forehead, \"Go in peace, my friend,\" she whispered softly and remembered her father and Zucchabar. Maximus pushed open the door, before him the poplar trees murmured in the high wind, he stepped forward and breathed in the smell of home. He sighed and thought, Now I am home and stepped forward. Or tried to, but someone was standing in front of him, a blazing sword in its hands, \"I am Minerva. You may not pass Maximus Decimus Meridius, the gods still have need of you.\" \"I have served the gods all my life,\" Maximus implored, \"and they took all that I loved from me. I even served them then and have returned Rome to the people, now I beg you to let me pass.\" \"Maximus, the gods still have need of you. Besides they seek to reward you.\" Maximus stared at the creature, \"The gods can do nothing for me. Now let me pass!\" He stepped forward and pain shot through him, he gasped and fell to his knees. \"You would not leave your beloved Emperor, even though you wished to return home. I come on higher authority and ask you to do our bidding for a short while longer. But it must be your choice. I understand your pain and if your grief is so great, you may pass and join your family.\" Maximus looked down into the valley and saw his wife and son playing together and a spasm of grief took him. He turned away and looked at the goddess, \"Can they stay here?\" \"Yes.\" Minerva assured him, \"you and I stand at the entrance to the Elysian Fields, your wife and son are safe, one day you will join them.\" Maximus sighed, \"Then I will go back.\" Minerva smiled, \"Kneel, Maximus.\" Surprised, Maximus knelt and the Being touched his shoulder with its weapon, \"Strength and honour, Maximus.\" He opened his mouth to reply, but pain clawed at him and he moaned involuntarily. \"Maximus?\" a familiar voice asked quickly. He forced open his eyelids and stared up into the face of Lucilla. Another face was bent over him and it was almost in relief that he recognized Aurelia. \"He's alive!\" \"It would appear so, yes.\" Aurelia remarked, \"let's get him out of here.\" Maximus remembered being lifted, he could feel Aurelia's hand on the side of his neck, it seemed very warm, Lucilla's face was sliding out of focus and he barely heard her say, \"The Imperial Palace, hurry!\" before his consciousness faded again. He partially regained consciousness when they were stripping the armour from him. Aurelia was carefully removing the layers of bloodstained cloth, eventually she exposed the wound and Maximus heard her hiss as she saw the blood still seeping from it. He pushed himself up on his right elbow and muttered thickly, \"It's bad isn't it?\" Aurelia gently eased him down again so that he was lying on his side and laid a hand on his forehead, \"I've treated worse.\" She responded softly. Lucilla appeared at her elbow, Aurelia turned to her and said, \"Hold his hand, I need to get the anæsthetic.\" She returned a little while later, a cup in her hand, lifting his head she held it to his lips, he drank a mouthful thirstily and then said, \"No more-\" \"All of it, General,\" Aurelia said firmly. Slowly, drop by painstaking drop; she eased the drugged wine down Maximus's throat. Eventually it was all gone and she allowed Maximus's head to rest on the pillow. \"May I stay,\" Lucilla asked quickly, still holding his hand. \"Of course.\" Aurelia replied, \"We'll just wait for the anæsthetic to take effect.\" She gently stroked the hair out of Maximus's eyes and said, \"Feeling sleepy yet, General?\" \"Floaty,\" Maximus slurred, \"can't think-\" \"Sssh, just close your eyes and sleep.\" Aurelia said softly, \"you'll feel better when you wake.\" She looked up at Lucilla, \"Watch his breathing, if it starts becoming laboured tell me. Ready?\" Lucilla nodded, \"Ready.\" Aurelia held the forceps in the candle flame and then dipped them in the acetum. It hissed alarmingly, Aurelia began to take strips of gauze also soaked in the vinegar and began packing the wound cavity. While she packed she explained the procedure, \"I was going to use staples,\" she said, \"but the wound will heal much quicker if I pack it open and if there's any infection we'll be able to see immediately.\" Maximus was carefully carried to a bedchamber and left to sleep for the remainder of the night. Aurelia was woken in the early hours of the morning by a frantic Lucilla, \"He's delirious,\" she whispered, \"I've tried to calm him but with no effect, maybe you could treat him.\" Aurelia slung her bag over her shoulder, \"Let me look at him.\" Maximus was struggling to get out of the bed and it took the concerted efforts of three slaves to hold him down. Aurelia sat down on the bed and took his face in her hands, \"Maximus,\" she said firmly, \"what's the matter?\" \"I have to go,\" he blurted, \"I can't stay here – while I'm here Rome doesn't belong to the people, I-I have to go, I promised-\" Aurelia nodded, \"If we help you out of the city, will you rest?\" Maximus nodded and slowly the tautness of the muscles relaxed, he looked up at Aurelia dazedly, she gently ran her fingers through the hair at his temple, \"We'll get you out tonight, Maximus, I promise.\" He vaguely remembered another vile potion and then only snatches of things, the swaying of a lantern above him, the feel of cool water on his smoking body, the jolting of a wooden cart. Finally he fell into an exhausted sleep. He woke slowly, he lay in a large bed on his stomach. Sunlight poured in through the window onto the lap of a young boy asleep in a chair, the royal blue of the child's tunic glowed where the sunlight struck it and the young face was pillowed on a velvet cushion. Maximus raised his head and asked, \"Lucius?\" The boy's eyes opened and a wild delight filled them, \"Maximus!\" he gasped, \"you're awake!\" He leapt to his feet and ran out of the room, \"Mother! Mother, he's awake!\" Maximus gingerly eased himself onto his side and tried to put the fragments of his piecemeal memory together. He winced as pain stabbed him. A heavy bandage ran around his midriff. Lucilla entered the room and bent over him, he felt her gentle hand on his forehead as she looked into his eyes, \"Maximus?\" she queried, \"how do you feel?\" A wry smile touched his lips, \"Sore. Where is this place?\" \"It belongs to the Lady Aurelia,\" Lucilla responded. She eased herself down into the chair facing the bed, \"Maximus, you killed Commodus two weeks ago. I thought you'd died and then you moaned. We brought you to the Palace – you kept saying that you had to leave the city – do you remember?\" \"Some of it,\" Maximus admitted, \"Where is my army? And that woman?\" \"The woman is here,\" Aurelia said softly, entering the room, \"and you are under the protection of the Empress Regent.\" Maximus's eyes slid to Lucilla's face, \"You?\" he queried. Lucilla inclined her head, \"Yes. Until Lucius comes of age. Your army is policing the city, the Senate still has much to do.\" Aurelia smiled, \"Did Lucilla tell you why we brought you here?\" \"Some of it,\" Maximus admitted. \"Good,\" Aurelia responded, \"I brought you something to eat. Then I need to examine your dressing.\" She laid a hand on Lucilla's shoulder, \"Don't make him talk too much. You can talk for a little, but when he's eaten he needs to rest.\" Lucilla nodded and caught Aurelia's hand as she passed, \"Thank you.\" Aurelia squeezed her hand in return, \"Don't thank me, he has a strong will to live and is beloved of the gods.\" Maximus ate slowly and when he had finished, Lucilla sat Lucius at her feet and filled him in on what happened since Commodus's death. At first Maximus listened avidly, but gradually the pain in his back dulled Lucilla's words. Eventually, ninety minutes later she saw how his eyes were narrowed and wisely decided to stop. \"Lucius and I have to return to the city tonight – Tribune Gracchus wants to speak to me.\" Maximus nodded wearily, Lucilla stood up and kissing the tips of her fingers gently touched them to his forehead, \"Be well.\" Aurelia entered the room as they left, carrying a tray. She set it down on a small table next to the bed. Maximus opened his eyes as she set it down. Aurelia poured the wine and added a small amount of ground powder. \"Drink this,\" she ordered, as she handed him the cup, \"It'll ease the pain and let me have a look at your injury.\" He did as he was bidden and shuffled over onto his stomach. As Aurelia prepared the dressings she watched him carefully, his eyes half-closed as the drug took effect and his breathing deepened. She gently undid the bandage and when her dressing was visible she carefully spread two folded sheets over his body, one horizontally across his lower back and the other vertically along his spine. She removed the top dressing and then held her forceps in the lamp flame, dipping them in the acetum to cool them, then very slowly she began to remove the wound packing. Maximus moaned as she eased out the last strips of gauze, \"Easy, Maximus, easy,\" she soothed, gently stroking his cheek with the back of her fingers, \"almost over.\" The wound itself was healing nicely, there was no sepsis, the surrounding skin was still red and inflamed but that would recover in a few days. A clear pink fluid was also oozing from the wound. Maximus's breathing became stertorous as she gently palpated the edges of the injury. I think I'll leave that open to the air , she thought quietly. She stroked the hair from his forehead and murmured, \"It's over now, Maximus. Go to sleep.\" A long low sigh escaped from between his lips and he seemed to sink a little further on the bed as he drifted into unconsciousness. Aurelia cleared away the bandages and then dumped them into the fire burning outside the kitchen door. When she returned to the bedroom, Maximus was still sleeping. She sat down at the desk facing the bed and unrolling the parchment began to make small, neat notes on it. Maximus slept for a while, then he began to dream, he dreamt again of putting his hand to the door of his home, but as he pushed it open everything was wrong, the poplars that lined his drive were dead and leafless; the bodies of his wife and son hung burnt and blackened in front of the ruined house. He ran forward, but suddenly the scene around him dissolved and he was falling into an endless abyss. Someone was gently stroking his face and a voice was speaking, slowly he began to make out words, \"Maximus, its all right, it's just a nightmare. It's all right.\" He opened his eyes and stared up into Aurelia's face. Relief swamped him and ignoring the pain in his back he threw himself into her arms. She held him as a mother holds a frightened child and felt his tears soak her cotton tunic. She gently stroked his back and head until the worst of the storm had passed. Then she eased him back down onto the bed, as she stood up he caught her hand, \"Don't go. I-I don't want to be alone.\" Aurelia smiled, \"I'm not. I'm going to get into the other side of the bed.\" She snuggled up to Maximus and put an arm around him, being careful not to touch his wound. \"Try and sleep,\" she urged softly. \"I'd rather not,\" he muttered, \"tell me again how you got me here.\" \"If you'll tell me something,\" she responded. \"All right,\" he responded dubiously. \"Why did you come back? Lucilla and I watched you die. You died Maximus; I felt no pulse beneath my fingers. How did you come back?\" Maximus laughed and then groaned, \"Don't make me laugh. I was almost home and then Minerva wouldn't let me pass. But I made the choice to return. It seems I always do what is right.\" He smiled ruefully, \"the goddess said that the gods still needed me.\" \"They always seem to get you with that one,\" Aurelia remarked, \"I wanted to commit suicide when the gods began speaking to me. Then they told me that they needed me too and got me to promise not to try falling on my father's sword.\" \"The problem is,\" Maximus sighed. \"Now what do I do?\" Aurelia gently touched the side of his neck, \"First we get you well. Then who knows? The gods will present opportunities as they see fit.\" Maximus smiled sleepily, \"You still didn't tell me how you got me here.\" Aurelia snuggled closer, \"But you know the story already, General. Surely you don't want to hear it again?\" \"Indulge me,\" Maximus yawned. \"Oh very well. There's not much to tell really, we got you to the Palace, and Lucilla and I got your armour off-\" \"Then saw the wound.\" \"Yes. You're weren't terribly helpful at this point,\" Aurelia remarked dryly, \"we got some anæsthetic down you. Then I dressed the injury. We cleaned you up and put you to bed.\" \"Here?\" \"No, in the Imperial Palace,\" Aurelia chuckled softly, \"and you kept both of us awake all night trying to get out of there. You kept saying-\" \"I know what I kept saying,\" Maximus interrupted. \"We brought you here,\" Aurelia said softly, \"and you've been semi-conscious for the past two weeks. I knew you'd recover once your fever left you, but you needed a lot of rest. So we let you.\" \"Mmmmm,\" Maximus murmured sleepily. Aurelia raised her head, \"Maximus? General?\" There was no response save his soft breathing. Carefully she lifted her arm, shuffled off the bed and into a lighter nightgown, and then she extinguished the oil lamp she was carrying, leaving only the hanging lantern burning. She snuggled up to the sleeping man and closed her eyes. She dozed for a short while, and then suddenly she jerked into full wakefulness. Maximus was still fast asleep. Yawning, she got out of bed and fetched a cup of water. She pulled a dressing gown over her shift and taking her parchment and quill, sat down and continued writing. She was looking out of the window, watching the sky turn from indigo to pink when Maximus spoke, \"Is that water?\" Aurelia jumped and then laughing at herself fetched another cup and filled it from the pitcher. Helping Maximus to sit up she handed him the cup, their hands touched and Aurelia said, \"I thought you'd sleep all night.\" \"I don't know what woke me,\" Maximus responded. \"You looked at my dressing, and I had an awful dream.\" \"Do you remember me lying next to you?\" Aurelia asked softly. \"Vaguely.\" He smiled, \"it was nice. I don't remember you removing my bandages though.\" Aurelia nodded, \"That'll be the henbane. It has that effect sometimes.\" \"You never did tell me how you know so much about medicines.\" \"My first husband was a doctor,\" Aurelia replied slowly, \"he trained at Alexandria. He taught me about drugs and cures. He believed that my gender should not prohibit me from learning.\" \"How did he die?\" Maximus inquired gently. \"As a child he had had the white sickness. For many years as an adult it did not recur, but in his twenty-seventh year the white sickness returned and this time there was no remission. He died two years ago.\" \"Did he see a physician?\" \"I was his physician,\" Aurelia said dryly, \"Antonius taught me too well.\" \"Is that when you returned to your Father?\" \"He insisted,\" Aurelia responded, \"So I returned home.\" \"I am glad you did,\" Maximus replied, \"for I do not think I would be here without you.\" \"Then, General, you flatter me.\" Aurelia remarked. She rose to her feet, \"Are you in any pain?\" \"None at the moment,\" he replied. \"I'll get you another dose of opium, but only to take if the pain is unbearable.\" she replied firmly. When she returned with the goblet of wine, Maximus had fallen asleep again. She stood watching his sleeping figure for a long moment and then carefully, so as not to wake him, set the goblet down on the table beside the bed. Then she reseated herself at the desk and continued working. Meanwhile the sky outside turned golden with the rising sun. The birds opened their throats to greet the dawn and Aurelia got up from the desk and walked to the window. The morning was still cool and she could smell the jasmine from the plant growing outside the window. She sighed and turned back to the room. Extinguishing the lantern hanging in the centre of the room she climbed back into bed next to Maximus and drifted into sleep. She woke three hours later, Maximus was still asleep next to her and feeling decidedly groggy, Aurelia got up. Plautia, the cook, was working in the kitchen preparing lunch. A number of small loaves were on the counter next to a pitcher of milk. Aurelia took two of the loaves and poured herself a cup of the milk, \"What are you doing at the moment?\" \"Baking your favourite biscuits,\" Plautia replied, \"no doubt your gladiator friend will want some.\" \"He's not a friend like that,\" Aurelia insisted, \"I just couldn't leave him to those butchers that call themselves doctors.\" Plautia laughed, \"You could've, but you didn't. Do you want a pancake?\" Aurelia shook her head, \"This will do. What are you preparing for prandium ?\" \"Some cold meat, wine and those loaves, two of which you've taken,\" Plautia sighed, exasperated, \"Do you want anything special for cena ?\" \"I don't really know,\" Aurelia frowned, \" Mulsum , certainly. Can you make two patina of lettuce? Then I think if you roast two of the chickens and we'll have alica and porridge to accompany them.\" \"And the secunda mensa , Lady Aurelia?\" \"I think a simple desert, stuffed dates sweetened with honey.\" \"Certainly, Lady Aurelia.\" Plautia turned back to her oven and armed with her loaves and cup of milk, Aurelia fled. Maximus was still sleeping the sleep of the exhausted and after covering him with the sheet, Aurelia slipped from the bedroom to the library. Narcissus was waiting in the corridor. \"Watch him,\" Aurelia ordered, \"if he wakes in pain, the cup of wine on the bedside table is for him. Then come and tell me. I shall be working in the library.\" Narcissus nodded, \"As you wish, Lady Aurelia.\" She was cataloguing the books when Narcissus entered the room an hour later, \"Lady, the cook says prandium is ready and the General is awake and asking for you.\" Aurelia laid down the scroll she was holding about the treatment of burns and nodded, \"Thank you, Narcissus. Go and tell him that I shall be with him directly.\" Narcissus bowed and then left the room. When Aurelia entered, her arms full of scrolls, Maximus was sitting on the edge of the bed, a thin film of perspiration coating his face and one hand gripping the bedpost. \"And just where do you think you're going?\" she enquired crisply. Maximus looked up and a scowl twisted his bearded lips, \"I can't sit in bed. I should be up and about.\" Aurelia eyed the hand holding the bedpost, the pale face and the sheen of sweat covering it and shook her head, \"You're in no shape to go anywhere,\" she said softly. Maximus looked up at her and Aurelia saw his knuckles whiten as he tried to pull himself upright. Gently she laid her hand on his, \"Stop this,\" she said softly, \"you're as weak as a kitten, Maximus.\" He looked up at her and a half-smile touched his lips, Aurelia put her arms around him and suddenly felt him go limp against her as he slid into a dead faint. She eased him back onto the bed and wringing out a flannel, bathed his temples until his eyes flickered and opened. For a moment or two he stared at her dully and then his eyes cleared and Aurelia said softly, \"Now that was a dumb thing to do.\" A wry smile touched his lips and he responded, \"I cannot lie in bed all day, I should be up.\" \"You can't even stand,\" Aurelia retorted hotly, \"how do you think you're going to get up?\" Maximus scowled, but didn't respond. Eventually he spoke, \"What have you got there?\" he grumbled. \"Some reading materials to keep you busy,\" Aurelia responded, \"Books One to Five of the Meditations of Marcus Aurelius. But first something to eat.\" Narcissus brought in the tray with the midday meal on it. Plautia had prepared slices of ham, some small loaves of bread, a pitcher of milk and another of wine. \"The wine's for you, General,\" Aurelia said, \"I have to go back to my library when we've eaten, and you still need to rest.\" \"Sit,\" Maximus ordered, and then as Aurelia hesitated, he said softly, \"Please?\" Aurelia eased herself onto the end of the bed and took one of the loaves. As she looked up she saw Maximus's eyes on her, \"What is it?\" she asked, \"is your wound hurting?\" \"No,\" Maximus said softly, \"I was just thinking how beautiful you are.\" Aurelia flushed and said quickly, \"I think the opium must be affecting your sight, General.\" Maximus didn't reply for a few moments and then he said softly, \"No. I can see clearly enough – and what I see impresses me very much.\" Aurelia shook her head, \"I am many things, General. But I am not beautiful.\" Maximus reached out and gently took her chin between his thumb and forefinger, \"There is more to beauty than what is seen with the eyes – and I say that you are beautiful.\" \"Hmmm,\" Aurelia responded dryly. \"Eat your food, General.\" They ate silently for a couple of minutes and then Maximus said, \"Narcissus was telling me that you have a library. What sort of books do you keep in it?\" \"Mostly medical journals,\" Aurelia replied, \"My husband was a doctor and I inherited, if not his skill, at least his enthusiasm.\" Maximus gestured at the books sitting on the end of his bed, \"My thanks for these,\" \"I am glad you find them illuminating,\" she replied, \"you will be confined to these quarters for some days yet. I suspect you will need more than these to divert you.\" Maximus smiled, \"I can think of a few ways that you could divert me.\" Aurelia sighed, \"I am sure you could, General.\" She grinned suddenly, \"but I regret that you are in no condition for any such distractions yet.\" \"When can I get up?\" he asked suddenly. \"When you are stronger,\" Aurelia assured him, \"in two or three days.\" \"Very well,\" Maximus grumbled, \"I hate lying here feeling useless.\" Aurelia nodded, \"I know.\" She stood up and asked brightly, \"Finished? Good. Try to rest Maximus, we will talk later.\" Aurelia was as good as her word. After Narcissus had brought supper, Aurelia brought her notes over and in between mouthfuls of the Mulsum and the roast chicken they worked through the meal. Eventually when only the carcasses lay in front of them, Maximus divided the remainder of the wine between them and said, \"Come here and sit beside me.\" Aurelia snuggled next to him and took her cup from the table, \"Now what?\" she asked softly as she looked up into his face. \"Now we toast your ability as a physician.\" Maximus replied, \"because I do not think I would be here without you.\" Aurelia gently reached up to touch his face, \"It was the gods, Maximus. Not me.\" \"The gods may have returned me,\" Maximus replied, \"but it was you who brought me through the fire. For that I am grateful.\" They drank slowly and Maximus picked up the first book of Meditations . \"I haven't read these for some years,\" he remarked, \"how did you come by them?\" \"A gift, from a senator who was close to my father,\" Aurelia replied. \"It was a wedding present to my husband.\" Maximus nodded and began to read. Aurelia watched him for a few minutes and then carefully gathered up her notes and quietly exited the room. When she returned an hour later, Maximus was asleep, the scroll lying discarded across his lap. Gently Aurelia rolled it up and placed it on the bedside table. She was clearing away the cups when Maximus spoke, \"Stay with me?\" She turned to see that his eyes were half-open, \"Maximus?\" she asked quietly, unsure if he was really awake or just half-asleep. \"Aurelia, stay with me.\" \"Go back to sleep,\" she said firmly, \"I'll be with you in a moment.\" A soft sigh escaped his lips and his body seemed to sink a little further into the bed. Aurelia returned and changed quickly into her nightshirt. She snuggled up to Maximus and her hand resting on his shoulder, drifted into slumber. Someone was moaning, she forced open heavy eyelids and saw that Maximus was locked in the throes of a nightmare. She sat up and rubbed the sleep from her eyes. Bending over Maximus she gently shook him awake, his pain-filled blue eyes opened and he stared up at her. She wrung out a cloth and gently wiped his forehead, \"Hush,\" she whispered softly, \"it was just a dream.\" \"Horrible,\" Maximus muttered. \"So awful…horrible.\" \"Here,\" Aurelia murmured, as she held the goblet to his lips, \"Drink this. It'll ease the pain and help you to sleep.\" \"You'll help me to sleep,\" Maximus responded dryly as he sat up, \"stay and talk to me.\" \"Oh, very well,\" Aurelia responded. Maximus drank the mixture and then Aurelia eased herself down beside him. \"What should we talk about?\" \"Me. You. Us.\" \"There is no 'us',\" Aurelia replied, \"Not in the way you might think. I am the daughter of an ex-gladiator and you are a Roman general. We have nothing in common.\" Maximus took her hand, \"I am no longer a Roman general, and you are not just an unprotected female. You have friends at court, Lady, not least in the person of the Empress Regent. We are not so far apart. If possible I could remain here.\" \"Would you not want to return to your home?\" Aurelia asked, \"when you are healed?\" Maximus smiled sadly, \"I have been back once. I will not go back again.\" Aurelia sighed, \"Since I am at present without a protector, I do not know how long I can stay here. When you are well I may have to leave this place.\" \"Would you come with me?\" Maximus asked suddenly, \"if you have to leave here?\" \"I'm flattered,\" Aurelia smiled, \"but it is hardly likely you will need a physician when you are well.\" Maximus sighed, \"I would not want you as my physician. Think about it Aurelia. Please?\" \"I am grateful,\" she said in a small voice. Maximus lifted her hand and pressed his lips against her knuckles, \"Don't be. It may not be an easy life, but it will be an interesting one.\" Aurelia lay back against the pillows and chuckled, when she looked up Maximus was regarding her quietly, \"General, anywhere with you would be interesting.\" She replied. \"So when can I get up,\" Maximus implored. \"I'll chain you to the mattress if you carry on.\" Aurelia scowled. \"Tomorrow?\" he begged. Aurelia sighed, \"All right, tomorrow. Now go to sleep, General.\" Maximus turned onto his stomach and snuggled up next to her. Aurelia reached up to stroke his cheek with her index finger, \"Sleep well, carissimo .\" There was no response save his soft breathing. She closed her eyes and drifted into slumber. She regained consciousness slowly. It was late morning judging by the sunlight pouring through the window. Maximus slept on beside her, his head pillowed on her chest, and arm thrown across her waist. Aurelia looked down at his sleeping face and very carefully slipped out of the bed. Maximus muttered something and then drifted back into slumber again. Aurelia eyed him thoughtfully. She had her doubts about Maximus being fit enough to get up today – hopefully the drugs he'd been given would hold him until the evening. However, there was no guarantee of that, she sighed softly to herself, Maximus had one of the strongest wills she'd ever encountered and she suspected that he could get himself to his feet through sheer stubbornness. Still, at least if he tried to get up and didn't succeed he would know that he wasn't fit. Of course, being the man he was, it was possible that sheer obstinacy would keep him upright. Narcissus quietly entered the room, \"Lady, there is a Tribune here to see you.\" Aurelia nodded, \"Thank you, Narcissus. Attend him, please. I shall be there directly.\" She dressed quickly in a light tunic and then slipped out of the room to meet her guest. As her guest turned to face her Aurelia let out a little cry of delight and flew into the arms of Tribune Gracchus. They hugged one another and then Gracchus gently held her away from him, \"It is good to see you again, Lady. How is the General?\" \"As well as can be expected, Sir.\" Aurelia replied, \"what news is there from the Senate?\" \"Some good, some bad.\" Gracchus replied, \"the Senate have officially approved your adoption. I am now your legal guardian.\" \"That's wonderful!\" Aurelia hugged him, \"I'm so glad! I can't think of anyone else I would rather have as my guardian!\" Gracchus smiled, \"I lost my own daughter many years ago, I am glad to welcome you to my own family.\" \"What's the bad news?\" Aurelia asked \"The Senate are having problems running the city. It is not so easy as we first assumed.\" \"I never thought that it would be,\" Aurelia remarked dryly, \"what do you wish me to do?\" \"Daughter,\" Gracchus began, and Aurelia started, he smiled and still holding her hand bent his bearded face to kiss her knuckles, \"Daughter, I do not wish you to do anything. I would speak with the General Maximus if I may.\" \"He is still sleeping, Father,\" Aurelia replied, \"but I shall take you to him with pleasure.\" As they entered the room, Maximus stirred and opened his eyes, for a moment or two he gazed at the couple uncomprehendingly and then the light of recognition dawned in his eyes, \"Gracchus,\" he murmured sleepily, \"I didn't expect to see you again.\" Tribune Gracchus smiled, \"It is good to see you, Maximus.\" He eased himself into the chair and ran a hand across his face, \"It has been crazy since the Emperor's death.\" \"Surely the Senate has an easier job now they're running the city?\" Gracchus leant back and sighed again, \"I wish. That's why I was coming to see you next week. Rome needs a protector.\" Maximus scowled, \"I've left all of that behind,\" he responded, \"I have left my army in the city and the Senate in charge of the army. I chose not to stay.\" \"Where will you go? And-\" Gracchus smiled, \"had you not been injured, where would you have gone?\" \"I don't know,\" Maximus frowned, \"but I would have left Rome, I promised. I keep my word.\" Gracchus nodded, \"I know that, General. But will you come back?\" \"Let him get well first,\" Aurelia laughed as she entered the room, she laid her hand on his forehead, \"Hmmm. You're still a bit hot, General. I think that you should rest a bit.\" \"I was hoping to get up today,\" Maximus burbled sleepily. Aurelia bent her head so that her dark tresses brushed his cheek, \"I know,\" she murmured softly, \"but you need rest and sleep.\" She watched as his eyes closed and gently stroked his cheek with the back of his forefinger. Gracchus watched her face soften as she gazed down on the sleeping man and smiled softly to himself. Aurelia looked up and her eyes met those of the Tribune, \"I'll show you out, Sir,\" she said softly. \"Father,\" Gracchus corrected, \"your gladiator's getting better, Aurelia. Are you prepared for that?\" Aurelia halted at the door, \"I hope so, Father, I want to be his wife if he will have me.\" Gracchus smiled, \"Then when he asks me, Daughter, I shall be honoured to give my permission.\" Aurelia inclined her head in acceptance of her adopted father's pronouncement. \"Bring some reading material with you next time.\" Gracchus nodded, \"I shall do so. Farewell, Daughter.\" When Aurelia returned to the sickroom Maximus was awake and unrolling another scroll, she stepped forward, \"Don't read -\" Maximus looked up, \"This is your own work.\" Aurelia nodded dumbly. Maximus spoke softly, \"Sit.\" Aurelia sat slowly and finally found her voice, \"I really wouldn't read that, it's hardly riveting stuff.\" \"Oh I wouldn't say that,\" Maximus replied, \"Some of your notes are very illuminating.\" Aurelia grinned, \"Oh yes. Which ones?\" Maximus unrolled the scroll to display some of the pictures, \"This one. Chervil. And these, Henbane Seeds. What did you give me?\" \"The henbane I gave you the night I changed your dressing. The Chervil is said to help with wounds that are slow to heal.\" \"And the wine? What did you put in that?\" \"Nepenthe.\" Aurelia said, \"A liquid form of opium.\" \"When you examine my wound again, will you dose me with those seeds?\" \"More than likely I'd use the nepenthe,\" Aurelia replied, \"but your wound is healing well and I think you won't need any more opium.\" Maximus laid the scroll aside and gazed at Aurelia, \"When do you think I'll be well.\" \"I think when I've examined your wound I'll have a better answer to that,\" Aurelia replied. \"Then I will trust you until I am on my feet.\" Maximus responded dryly. \"When you are on your feet, Maximus,\" Aurelia sighed softly, \"you will have no need of me.\" Maximus gently reached out to stroke the side of her face, \"I would disagree,\" he replied, \"if I can get up tomorrow – what will you do? You will not have a patient to care for.\" \"I shall reopen my clinic,\" Aurelia said firmly, \"but first I think, supper for both of us.\" They ate slowly, Aurelia lost in her own thoughts. Eventually Maximus said, \"Are you well, Lady?\" Aurelia looked up and a half-smile curved her pretty lips. \"I am fine, General. I just have much to think about.\" Maximus nodded sombrely, \"As have I.\" When supper was over, Aurelia cleared away the dishes and then smiling asked, \"I'll need to examine your back, General.\" Maximus shuffled over onto his stomach and Aurelia eased herself down beside the General's prone form. She delicately touched the edges and heard Maximus hiss through his teeth. She gently touched his shoulder, \"Still painful, General?\" Maximus turned onto his side so that he was facing her, \"A little.\" Aurelia set the goblet of wine on the bedside table, \"I've added some nepenthe to this wine, if it becomes unbearable during the night this should help.\" Maximus half-smiled, \"And where will you be?\" \"I will be in the Guest Room,\" Aurelia responded, \"you need to rest, General.\" Maximus viewed her thoughtfully, \"There is still plenty of room on the bed,\" he said softly. \"I do not think that is such a good idea.\" Aurelia replied, \"you need to rest, General.\" \"I'll rest easier with you beside me.\" Maximus implored, \"Please, Aurelia.\" She sighed softly and reluctantly acquiesced. As she climbed into bed, Maximus snaked an arm around her and pulled her close to him. She could feel his beard against the bare skin of her shoulder and his breath against her neck. He kissed her gently and stroked her neck, \"I'm very fond of you, Aurelia.\" He snaked an arm around her midriff and pulled her close. Aurelia turned over and laid a hand along the side of Maximus's face, \"Go to sleep, General.\" she murmured sleepily. \"Maximus,\" Maximus replied drowsily. There was no response save Aurelia's soft breathing. Maximus stroked the hair back from her face and kissed her forehead. Aurelia murmured something and snuggled closer. Maximus pulled her closer and gently stroked her hair. Eventually he too drifted into slumber. For the first time since Commodus had injured him Maximus slept deeply and dreamlessly. He awoke late the following morning to find he was alone. A plate had been set on the table beside the bed. Maximus sat up and read the note, then he ate breakfast. He was drinking the milk when Aurelia and the manservant, Narcissus entered the room. Aurelia smiled, \"Good. You're awake. Narcissus and I will help you up as you've been flat on your back for almost three weeks. Ready?\" Maximus shuffled to the edge of the bed and swung his legs over; he looked up at them both, \"Ready.\" They sat on the bed, one on each side of him and put their arms around him. Gently they eased him to his feet. Maximus swayed and would have fallen if Aurelia and Narcissus hadn't supported him. \"Whoa!\" he gasped, \"she rocks!\" Aurelia put the staff Narcissus had made into Maximus's hands, \"Lean on this, General.\" she ordered. She slipped from beneath his armpit and said, \"Wait until the room stops moving.\" Maximus grinned at her, all flashing eyes and teeth. Aurelia nodded to Narcissus, \"Help him out to the garden,\" she ordered, turning to Maximus she said, \"Don't do too much at once. Understand?\" Maximus nodded, \"I understand.\" He saw little of Aurelia that day; Narcissus brought him some lunch around midday and helped him move around the garden. As the evening twilight deepened Maximus slowly got to his feet and walked into the house. Narcissus came to meet him and eased a shoulder under the General's arm, \"Easy does it, General,\" he murmured. Maximus allowed Narcissus to help him to the table and then he poured himself a goblet of wine. The door opened and Aurelia slipped inside. She sat down and Maximus pushed the vessel towards her, \"I haven't tasted it.\" Aurelia nodded gratefully, \"Thank you, General. What a day!\" \"Busy?\" Maximus enquired tenderly. \"Extraordinarily so,\" Aurelia replied, she reached up and pushed some damp strands of hair from her forehead, \"I had forgotten how difficult it is to run a surgery.\" A wry smile touched her lips. Maximus poured himself a goblet of wine and sipped it, \"You look tired, Lady.\" Aurelia nodded, \"I am, General.\" Narcissus and Plautia served their evening meal, cold lamb and hunks of bread, both of them ate slowly, absorbed in their own thoughts. Eventually Maximus saw how Aurelia's eyes were drooping and saw that she was falling asleep at the table. He gestured to Narcissus, \"Help me get her to bed,\" he murmured softly. Narcissus nodded, Maximus slipped an arm around her, Aurelia's head drooped until it rested on his shoulder, \"Come on, carissima , let's get you to bed.\" Aurelia allowed him to help her to her feet and with the servant's help she was half-led, half-carried to the room they occupied. Maximus sat her down on the bed and eased her down onto the mattress, she was asleep before her head hit the pillows. Maximus pulled the sheet over her sleeping frame and bent to kiss her temple. \"Will she be all right, General?\" Narcissus asked quickly, a concerned expression on his face. Maximus tenderly stroked a tendril of hair away from her face, \"She's just had a long day, Narcissus. She'll be fine when she's slept.\" \"Will you stay with her, General?\" Narcissus asked. Maximus nodded, \"I think I should. You and Plautia should retire Narcissus. It's been a long day for everyone.\" The manservant bowed, \"Yes, General. Thank you.\" When they were alone Maximus carefully pulled the sheet from Aurelia's unconscious body and carefully undressed her. He was careful and tender although her exhaustion was so great that her eyelids didn't even flicker as he pulled the nightdress over her head. Eventually, worn out himself he crawled into bed beside her and holding her close fell asleep. Aurelia woke slowly, still half-asleep she could see the pink light through her closed eyelids. She could feel the mattress beneath her and then she realised that if the sunlight was that bright then half the morning was gone! She should be in her surgery! Her eyelids flew open and she sat bolt upright intent on leaping out of bed. A firm, if gentle hand halted her and she stared up into the face of Maximus. \"General,\" she murmured weakly. \"Good morning, Lady.\" Maximus responded, a wry smile touching his face, \"I trust you slept well?\" Aurelia eased herself up slowly, \"I should be holding my surgery,\" she muttered to herself. She swung her legs out of bed and tried to stand up but it was Maximus who caught her as her legs refused to take her weight. She opened her eyes to see Maximus gazing down at her and smiled weakly, \"I take it that means I'm not going anywhere.\" \"Not today, Aurelia,\" Maximus replied, \"I think you ought to have something to eat and then you can rest.\" \"Since when were you a physician?\" Aurelia inquired tartly. \"I know enough of barrackroom medicine to recognize exhaustion when I see it,\" Maximus responded, \"tell me, how much sleep did you get while you were taking care of me?\" \"Enough,\" Aurelia replied guardedly. \"Not enough to keep you from collapsing in my arms just now,\" Maximus replied, \"There's bread and meat here, its about my lunch time too so I'll join you if I may, then I think you should rest.\" Aurelia sighed. She knew when she was beaten. \"Will you stay with me until I go to sleep?\" she asked quietly. Maximus bent to kiss her lips, \"Of course I will, carissima . Now eat!\" Aurelia did as he told her and when the meal was over Maximus snuggled her down on the bed and smoothed her hair from her forehead, \"How does your side feel today, General?\" Aurelia asked. \"Much better,\" Maximus replied. Aurelia yawned, \"Good. You're healing well, General.\" Maximus smiled, \"Go to sleep, Lady. I will stay with you.\" He watched as her breathing became soft and regular and then moved to sit in the chair beside the bed. Narcissus entered the room carrying a plate of biscuits and a cup of milk, \"How is she, General?\" Maximus smiled, \"She'll be fine, Narcissus.\" \"She stayed up with you most nights tending your wound.\" Narcissus said softly, \"are you sure she will be all right?\" Maximus nodded, \"She just needs rest, Narcissus. Tomorrow she'll be fine, I promise.\" Aurelia slept for the remainder of the day. She woke just as the sun was casting its lurid glow through the windows. Maximus was writing at the desk, absorbed in a letter. Aurelia watched him silently, his face was unguarded in the evening light and she found herself totally absorbed in his features. How did I not notice how handsome he was ? She thought, How did I not see the gentleness in his face ? Maximus rested his head on his hand and gazed out the window, Aurelia caught her breath, her whole attention caught by this man. Maximus turned back and their eyes met, a brilliant smile lit his features and Aurelia found herself smiling back, \"Did you sleep well?\" he asked softly. Aurelia nodded, \"I did.\" she sat up and settled herself against the pillows, \"To whom are you writing?\" Maximus grinned, \"Grammatically correct too I see. I'm writing to the Empress Regent to invite her here next week.\" Aurelia swung her legs out of bed and swallowed hard, \"And then what?\" \"Who knows,\" Maximus replied, \"I may return to Rome, or I may remain here, it all depends on this meeting.\" \"You will return to Rome, General,\" Aurelia said slowly, \"you may have been a farmer, and then a soldier, but I suspect that your real discipline is in politics.\" Maximus laughed softly, \"You would say that?\" \"I would,\" Aurelia nodded, \"you have commanded men's bodies, General. You could also command their minds.\" Maximus nodded gravely, \"Then I thank you for your confidence in me.\" Aurelia shook her head, \"You have powerful friends whose confidence in you has never been misplaced.\" Maximus took two short steps across to the bed and took both her hands, \"But without you I would not be here. Would you return with me should I return to Rome?\" \"I do not know where I shall go,\" Aurelia replied quietly, \"once you are no longer an invalid I suspect that I shall have to leave this place also.\" \"I am inviting the Empress Regent here in three days,\" Maximus responded, \"there is something I need to discuss with her and you should be present.\" Aurelia nodded, \"I will be, General.\" She managed to force the corners of her mouth into a fair imitation of a smile and spoke again, \"Then I think that I shall sleep in the Guest Room tonight.\" \"That is unnecessary, Lady,\" Maximus responded, suddenly aware that boundaries had gone up between them. Aurelia shook her head and got to her feet, she swayed for a moment and as Maximus moved towards her she waved him away, \"I am fine, General. And it is very necessary. Goodnight, General. I shall see you in the morning.\" Maximus watched her walk from the room, her back straight as a rod, once or twice she swayed and he almost ran to her and scooped her up into his arms but a part of him knew that she would accept no help from him. Damnit! he thought, Doesn't she know I love her? For the next three days Maximus saw almost nothing of Aurelia. Once or twice they passed in the atrium and the second evening he saw her slipping up the stairs pale and ghostlike in the twilight. He opened his mouth, \"Lady?\" he queried softly, \"Lady, I would speak with you if I may?\" Aurelia turned and Maximus was shocked by the pale visage that turned to him. He was up the stairs in three bounds and his hands were on her elbows, \"Aurelia,\" he said softly, \"what on earth's the matter?\" She half-turned and shook her head, \"Nothing, General. Everything will be fine tomorrow, I promise.\" She moved to push open the door but her resolve failed her and she ended up leaning against the doorpost while the tears trickled in two silent streams down her cheeks. The silence was so long that she thought Maximus had gone, then she heard a muttered curse and she was scooped up into someone's arms and being carried back down to the room they'd both occupied. Maximus laid her down on the bed and taking her face in his hands wiped the tears away with his thumbs, \"What's the matter?\" he asked gently, \"Aurelia, tell me, what's the matter?\" Aurelia shook her head and turned her face away so that Maximus wouldn't see the tears that trickled from her eyes and into the pillow. Firmly but gently, Maximus took her chin and forced her to face him, \"Is it something I've done?\" he asked. Aurelia shook her head, \"I-I told you,\" She gulped, \"I'll be fine tomorrow.\" \"Not if you don't tell me what's wrong,\" Maximus growled softly, \"now for Vulcan's sake Aurelia, tell me what's upset you like this.\" To his surprise, horror and delight she flung herself into his arms and sobbed into his shoulder, through the half-hysterical gasps and the sobs she cried, \"T-t-tomorrow you'll meet with the Empress Regent and you'll go back to Rome and marry her and I can't bear it!\" Maximus held her away from him and stared at her, \"Why not Aurelia? Why not?\" \"Because I love you,\" she said softly, \"I've loved you since the day Lucilla and I brought you here and I don't think I could bear to lose you, but I'm going to lose you tomorrow-\" she broke off and began to sob afresh. Maximus gently lifted her hands from her face, \"You won't lose me, Aurelia. I asked the Empress Regent here because I may need her permission to marry – but the person I wish to bind myself to in marriage is you.\" Aurelia stared at him and then found her voice, \"Truly?\" she whispered. \"Most truly.\" Maximus replied, \"Now what are you crying for?\" he asked as more tears trickled down Aurelia's cheeks. \"Because I don't believe it,\" Aurelia choked. Maximus slipped his arms around her and bent to kiss the salty liquid away from her face, \"Believe it, carissima ,\" he said softly, \"believe it.\" Aurelia wrapped her arms around him and buried her face in his neck. Maximus eased himself onto the bed and cuddled Aurelia to him, \"Hush,\" he murmured softly into her raven tresses, \"hush now, beloved.\" Gradually Aurelia's shudders began to ease. Maximus gently stroked her back and hair until her breathing became soft and relaxed. Then he moved the arm underneath her side and lay down beside her so that he could watch her while she slept. Eventually he too drifted into slumber. When he opened his eyes Aurelia was watching him, a shy smile curved her lips when she saw that he was awake, \"Good morning,\" he said gently. \"I feel an idiot,\" Aurelia replied. \"It was rather nice actually,\" Maximus responded, \"to see the woman I love vulnerable for a change.\" \"Did you mean what you said last night?\" Aurelia asked quietly, \"If you truly love the Empress Regent I won't hold you to your promise.\" Maximus kissed her firmly and passionately leaving her gasping for breath, when they parted he hugged her slim body close to him and said, \"I meant it, every word of it.\" \"You'll have to ask my father,\" Aurelia responded. \"But Proximo's dead.\" Maximus replied. \"Gracchus adopted me,\" Aurelia explained, \"he is now my legal guardian and I suppose he would take the place of my father.\" Maximus cupped her face in his hands and bent to kiss her lips, \"Then I shall ask him, carissima .\" A week later Maximus waited impatiently in the atrium, Gracchus entered, Aurelia on his arm, she was dressed in a simple white tunic. Maximus marched to the centre of the room and asked, \" Spondesne Aureliam tuam filiam mihi uxorem dari? \" Gracchus smiled and responded, \" Di Bene Vortant! Spondeo .\" Smiling broadly Maximus took Aurelia's hand and laid it on his arm. She was now his betrothed. The couple now exchanged gifts, Maximus set a silver bracelet adorned with pearls on Aurelia's wrist, she stood on tiptoe to kiss his lips and whispered, \"Your present is outside.\" Maximus stared in disbelief at the Palomino being held by Lucius. \"Do you like him?\" Aurelia asked quietly. \"Like him?\" Maximus chuckled as the great horse lipped his open palm, searching for some titbit, \"he's gorgeous. Thank you, my love.\" \"How long do you wish the betrothal to last?\" Lucilla asked quietly, \"I can have everything organised in six months if you wish.\" Maximus nodded and then bent his head to kiss Aurelia's knuckles, \"The sooner the better, Empress, for I want Aurelia to be my wife as soon as possible.\" Aurelia turned to Lucilla, \"You would organise my wedding? Empress, I am taking the man you love away from you.\" Lucilla took her shoulders and smiled, \"If he had still been in love with me he would not have looked at you. I think I have found my true discipline, Rome is enough of a consort for any person. And I have my son to think about.\" Aurelia hugged the Empress Regent. Lucilla turned to Maximus, \"General, I came to ask if you would consent to return to Rome. I need your help to run the city and the Senate.\" \"Surely the Senate can run itself,\" Maximus responded. \"The city needs a prefect,\" Lucilla explained, \"you would fit the bill admirably.\" Maximus turned to Aurelia, \"What do you think, carissima ?\" \"The choice is yours, beloved,\" Aurelia replied, \"you know how I feel about you returning to Rome.\" \"I will not go back to Rome unless you come with me,\" Maximus replied firmly. \"You cannot ask me to leave my betrothed here,\" he turned to the Empress Regent. \"I would not suggest it,\" Lucilla smiled, \"she may remain in the Imperial Palace until her wedding day.\" Aurelia turned to her, \"Empress I cannot impose-\" \"You would not be imposing.\" Lucilla raised a hand to silence the young woman, \"I am more grateful than I can ever say for your care of the General. It would give me pleasure to have you as a sister for a short time.\" \"You would always be my sister,\" Aurelia smiled and then curtsied gracefully, \"I am at your service, Empress.\" Lucilla gently raised her to her feet, \"Nay, Lady. Do not kneel to me. You are the daughter of a Roman Senator and you will be accorded all privileges associated with your rank.\" Six months later, the trumpets from the Palatine hill sent the doves flying across the city. Normally they would have woken Aurelia but she had been awake since dawn when the first rosy fingers had begun to stretch across the eastern sky having the six ringlets of a bride put into her hair. As the sun rose the final touches were being put to her hair and face. By mid-morning Maximus and Lucius – who had begged for the honour – were waiting downstairs at the entrance to the Imperial Chamber dressed in white tunics which had been bleached with Fuller's earth, they were the candidati . Both waited expectantly. Eventually Aurelia was escorted into the chamber, her form covered by a flame coloured veil. She stepped up to the altar and thrust a hand out from beneath it. Maximus cleared his throat which had suddenly become very dry. \"Will you be my materfamilias?\" \" Certe .\" was the firm reply. Then Aurelia's clear voice, \"Will you be my paterfamilias?\" \" Certe. \" Maximus replied firmly. He gently placed the ring on the third finger of her left hand, the Romans believing that a vein ran from this finger to the heart. Then he lifted the veil and beheld the face of his bride. Then Gracchus who was acting as augur brought forth a coop of young chicks to divine the portents for the couple. They had been starved the day before so when the meal was scattered before them the chicks pecked away hungrily. \"The portents are good!\" Gracchus announced. Then, both bride and bridegroom slipped away to change into more fashionable attire so that they could join their guests for the feasting. The celebrations continued into the late evening and then his hand firmly clasping hers and surrounded by hundreds of guests, admirers and pedestrians, Maximus escorted Aurelia to her new home. Maximus had become increasingly popular during his time as prefect and how his life had been saved by the beautiful Lady Aurelia had become almost a legend; so Aurelia found herself being embraced by complete strangers who kissed her on both cheeks and wished her joy in her forthcoming marriage. Eventually they reached the doorway of Maximus' villa where he gently lifted Aurelia into his arms and carried her across the threshold. They stood in the portal waving to their guests until Maximus kissed her firmly on the lips and gently, but firmly closed the door. Taking her right hand in his own Maximus led her up the stairs and into the bedchamber. From outside Aurelia could hear their guests calling, \" Feliciter ! Feliciter !\" before they slipped away into the night. Aurelia looked at her husband and suddenly felt very young and nervous. As if sensing this Maximus took her in his arms and gently kissed her lips. Almost of their own volition Aurelia's arms came up and entwined themselves around his neck. Maximus's fingers fumbled with her belt and the knot of Hercules until with a muttered oath he slipped his dagger beneath it and cut the girdle away. The tunic opened and Maximus saw revealed within it a slender form whose beauty left him breathless. He scooped Aurelia up in his arms and laid her down on the bed, stroking the hair back from her face he kissed her eyebrows, eyelids and lips, \"My little love,\" he whispered softly, \" mea carissima .\" Aurelia ran her hands through her husband's hair and lifted her head to kiss him, \"My heart,\" she murmured, \"my dearest love.\" Maximus's movements became more urgent as he divested himself of his clothes. As Aurelia shrugged hers off she felt his hardness against her thigh and suddenly felt herself grow wet. Maximus entered her gently, afraid that he would hurt her, for a moment he thought he had when his movement drew an involuntary whimper from her throat. He looked down at her face and she opened her eyes to stare into his, \"All right?\" he asked quickly, before the waves of desire closed his throat. Aurelia nodded not trusting herself to speak. She arched into him as he thrust and thrust again, feeling as though her whole being would split from the ecstasy. Maximus gently smoothed the hair away from her face, \"My love,\" he murmured softly, \"my wonderful, adorable love.\" ﾧ ","Summary":" This was my very first fanfic - when I was at Uni and watched 'Gladiator' for the very first time. "},{"Movie":"Gladiator","Title":"Gladiator: The Dream","Author":"Tom Hilts","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9144709","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Gladiator slowly made his way up the ramp into the arena. He was met with cries of exaltation from the crowd. His combatant, a richly looking man dressed in royal white clothing, too made his entrance in the arena and was met with the same chorus of voices. He raised his hands as if praising those who worshipped him. On his head was a crown of gold leaves. The two advanced on each other, swords in hand. Both intent on killing the other; the gladiator for a crime committed against him, for the emperor, the glory of being victorious; to win the peoples praise. Sword clashed, blood spewed. The visions were clouded by dust and sand. On could see the sun gleaming off a sword as it slashed at its counterpart. A gentle wind crept up blowing away the dust, revealing the last moments of the two fighters. The gladiator, large and strong had turned the emperors own weapon on the proud, deceitful ruler. The dagger went into the man's throat, his jagged breath rasped twice before it gurgled away forever. The gladiator let the body fall to the ground; he turned from it and gazed at the people. All was quiet, not even the birds of prey that waited for the game to be over so as they could eat the kill were deathly silent. This gladiator, who was not always thus, was gazing into the sky, like looking into a dream. He swayed where he stood and fell to the ground...dead. \"Nooooo!\" the little boy cried from his bed. \"Papa!\" \"Sweetheart? What's wrong?\" a woman's voice came from outside his room. \"Oh mama!\" the little boy still cried. \"It was terrible! It was awful!\" \"There, there, my dear.\" The woman said as she enveloped the little boy in her gentle arms. \"Can you tell me?\" she asked. \"It was...papa...\" the little boy sobbed in her shoulder, \"He had to fight...to live! He had to kill to live! But he died! He died!\" \"Hush now.\" The mother comforted, \"Papa is fine, you mustn't worry for him. He comes home tomorrow, remember?\" \"But what if...if...something happened?\" the boy sniffed, \"What if I never see him again?\" \"You will see him again...\" the woman held her son in front of her and looked him in the eyes. \"You hear me? You will see him again...I swear.\" She squeezed his shoulders with firm yet kind hands. The boy still cried, though it was much quieter now. \"Come here little one, come sleep with mama.\" The two quietly made it to the large room. \"Hush my sweet, close your eyes... Don't cry dear one, you're in my arms tonight.\" The mother sang. \"Dry your tears, hush your cries... Be still my love, close your eyes.\" The little boy was soon asleep, but his mother lay quietly looking at the moon outside her window. Her eyes showed concern and worry. \"Come home to me Maximus.\" She whispered into the still dark night. Outside, the dawn was slowly awaking. If one listened carefully, he might hear on the gentle morning wind, the sound of advancing horses. FIN. Please Review, I love to hear what you have to say. ","Summary":" The Gladiator slowly made his way up the ramp into the arena. He was met with cries of exaltation f"},{"Movie":"Gladiator","Title":"Confictura","Author":"daylighthour","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12595704","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Lucius awoke with a start. For a moment he was wildly disoriented, drowning in his sea of sweat-soaked bed sheets, but then slowly, like a wave of nausea passing, the reality of his bedroom came back to him. He could not remember why he had jerked awake so harshly; all he could feel presently was fear gnawing a hole in his stomach. The walls and the shadows of his shelves and toys seemed suddenly menacing and sinister. He wanted his mother. The last time he had had a nightmare, a couple months ago, his mother had told him gently that he was getting too old to steal into her bedroom at night. Lucius hoped she would make an exception in this case. He slipped out of his bed, his nightclothes clinging to his skin, and set off down the hall in the direction of his mother's room. The corridors always scared Lucius at night. The torches burned low in their holders, throwing wide shadows across the floor, and the guards stood like statues with their faces half-concealed by the darkness. Lucius kept his gaze downward and walked at a brisk pace. When he arrived at his mother's room, the door was closed, and so Lucius made a fist to knock on it. \"Mother?\" The guard caught Lucius' wrist before the boy could knock. \"You must stay back, Master Lucius,\" he said calmly. \"But I want to see my mother!\" the little boy cried, Still gripping Lucius' wrist, the guard dragged him back from the door. \"I am not to allow anyone entrance to the Mistress Lucilla's chambers,\" the guard said in the same detached tone. \"May I suggest that you go to bed, Master Lucius. The hour is late.\" How could the guard speak so stiffly, so unaffectedly? He had no knowledge of the cold sweat that beaded upon Lucius' palms at the thought of returning to his bedroom alone, nor of the dank and troubled air that hung about the boy's bedsheets. He felt too embarrassed to admit to the guard that he was scared, but it was imperative that he not return to sleep yet. That much he knew, deep in his chest, though he knew not why. \"May I wait here for her?\" Lucius asked innocently. The guard huffed. \"If that is what you wish.\" Lucius slid down against the wall and curled himself into a tight ball on the floor, resting his chin upon his knees. It was so unlike his mother to seal off herself to him, especially in the night when she knew her son needed her most. His sight blurred at the edges and before he knew it, a few splotches of wetness had appeared on the cloth of his nightgown. Hurriedly, he wiped his eyes, not wanting the guard to think him weak or girlish. No, Lucius would wait calmly for his mother's door to open, and he wouldn't sleep until morning if that's how long he had to wait. Suddenly, there was an almighty thud from within his mother's room, and ground beneath Lucius shook as though something very heavy had fallen over. His mother screamed, and immediately another voice countered hers. Deep with anger. His uncle's voice. \"Mother?\" Lucius cried, scampering to his feet. The guard shook his head. \"Keep back,\" he said simply, as if hadn't heard the screams at all. Lucius shivered. He couldn't make out their words, but his mother and his uncle sparred back and forth, their voices sharp against each other like the crash of sword against sword in the arena. But with each returned volley his mother's voice faded away, and yet Commodus' voice retained its fever pitch. He was the gladiator in the arena, poised with his sword over his opponent's crushed body, ready to give the final blow. Lucius could hardly draw in a breath. Heavy, hurried footsteps crescendoed, nearer and nearer to the door. At last his mother flung open the door, and Lucius flew to his feet. \"Mother!\" \"Lucius!\" She made no move toward her son. Commodus had followed Lucilla through the door, hand outstretched beside her shoulder as if to grab her. He looked to his nephew and dropped his arm, his face red with a rage Lucius had never seen before. \"What is he doing here?\" Commodus demanded. \"Outside his chambers. Why is he here?\" \"Commodus-\" Lucius cut his own mother off, feeling it is his fault that his uncle is so angry and thus he should be the one to offer explanation. \"I had nightmares, Uncle.\" Once he spoke, his voice was frail and pitiful, any courage he had built up had rushed out with his breath. Commodus pulled a face, a smug and mocking frown that made Lucius' eyes prick hot with tears. \"He has nightmares, what shall we do?.\" Then in an instant, as though a rope had been cut, all false concern snapped to anger once more, and he turned to Lucilla. \"This boy… your boy, your sniveling boy, you think he has the make of an emperor?\" \"Brother, please,\" Lucilla pleaded, tears shimmering like jewels upon her cheeks. \"Go to sleep, it's been days since you've rested.\" Commodus sighed, the white hot fervor draining from his muscles as he slumped into Lucilla's arms. She supported him almost grudgingly, afraid of his getting too close. Lucius' heart hammered in his ears, and he wondered whether anyone could hear it. \"Stay with me,\" his uncle whispered, voice so quiet Lucius had to put all his concentration into listening. Commodus leaned heavily against his sister, his breaths more audible than his words. Lucilla peeled her brother from her. \"My son needs me now, Commodus.\" \"Go to him, then,\" he said, and it wasn't so much permission as a dare. Lucilla accepted it, going to her son and pressing his crying face against her stomach. Commodus looked on with narrowed eyes, something like jealousy burning within them. \"Take him to his room.\" He raised his voice, and though it was loud, it was not full of the anger it had been before. \"Treasure your time together.\" Lucius relaxed into his mother's embrace, but for some reason she pulled him tighter than she ever had before.[Chapter 2] Commodus stood at the terrace, looking out upon his city as the first vestiges of daylight gleamed purple-red in the east. Lucius gasped inadvertently, stuffing his fist in his mouth too late to muffle it. He knew he shouldn't have snuck out of his bedroom again, shouldn't be watching Commodus in a private moment, but his feet filled with sand and he couldn't move. His uncle whirled around so sharply the folds of his cloak snapped against themselves, like a flag caught in a winter's wind. An apology was on the tip of Lucius' tongue, but it withered dry. His uncle watched him with dark, tired eyes rimmed red as though he'd been crying. Lucius felt his knees shaking. If his mother's resolve wavered at Commodus' hands, there was no way Lucius could survive. A leaf fluttered into one of the torches on the wall and burned with a sizzle. Would his uncle hurt him? \"Lucius,\" his uncle said finally, positioning himself so that he leaned upon the balcony's edge. \"I thought I was alone.\" \"I'll go back to my bedchambers, Uncle,\" Lucius said, nearly tripping on his own heels as he backed away. His uncle's voice was soft as linen, the way it always had been until the previous night. The voice Lucius knew. \"You can't sleep?\" Lucius shook his head meekly. Commodus nodded and invited his nephew closer with a wave of his hand. \"Then let us be awake together.\" Lucius was surprised at this and approached his uncle cautiously, ekking out onto the terrace step by shuffling step, for fear his uncle might change his mind. The thud he had heard the night before echoed through Lucius' memory, bouncing in his ears the same way it had reverberating off the palace walls. There was nothing heavy near his uncle now; even the torches were a few paces away. Lucius was within an arm's length of Commodus now, then closer, and still nothing. Lucius let out some of the breath he hadn't realized he was holding. \"What is it that scares you most?\" Commodus asked, a slight eagerness to the words. \"What makes it so you can't sleep?\" The question took Lucius aback for a moment, and he searched his mind for an answer. He had never wondered precisely what it was that scared him because there had never been a precise thing, only a dreadful pit in his stomach and the thought that if he didn't have his mother's comfort something bad would happen. \"Is it the darkness?\" Commodus suggested, biting the corner of his lip as though about to witness a spectacle. Lucius didn't like the way his uncle looked at him, hungrily, as the boy had seen an alley cat salivate after a mouse. The whispered thought came in Lucius' head that perhaps the fear had something to do with Commodus himself, but Lucius knew enough not to voice this. Instead, he agreed with his uncle, because the darkness made everything more menacing, even his wooden toy legionnaire on the table beside his bed. Commodus laid his hand on Lucius' shoulder, and the touch was light. \"That is what I fear, too, Lucius.\" He turned his head toward the Colosseum, tinted red in dawn's early glow. \"But Uncle,\" Lucius spoke slowly, reverently, as though his next words might awaken some ancient secret, \"men like you aren't scared of anything. You're an Emperor.\" A slow, sad-eyed smile unfolded across Commodus' face. He guided his nephew's face so the boy looked at the poplar trees in the courtyard. \"Look in that tree. Do you see the bird perched there?\" Lucius wondered what this had to do with his previous statement, but he nodded anyhow. \"Yes, Uncle.\" Commodus exhaled, gazing with a rueful longing at the bird, who was preening herself in the tree branches. \"You'll see when you get older, Lucius, that our so-called wise men are always debating what it is that sets us apart from creatures like that bird there. What we humans have that animals don't.\" \"We have buildings and houses.\" \"But doesn't that bird over there also have a nest? No, it's something not so simple. Some will say it's because we can love, others that we can create such beauty in art. But I say it's something different, my dear Lucius.\" \"What is it?\" \"That we can anticipate. That we fear. A bird flies-\" Commodus broke of suddenly to fetch rock from a potted plant at the wall. He took Lucius' hand and pressed the stone to the boy's palm. \"Throw it, nephew.\" Lucius' mouth dropped open. \"At her?\" His uncle nodded wordlessly, a look of restrained enjoyment on his face. Lucius did as he was told, hurling the rock at the bird as hard as he could. It missed, hitting the tree trunk instead, but it was enough to frighten the bird into taking off. \"See that momentary disturbance? That is all. She'll go right back to flying, without memory of that rock in her stupid bird brain, and without fear that it will happen again. She doesn't worry that I could kill her. She simply is.\" Commodus went on. \"But if you threw a rock at me, I would remember it. I would fear you. I remember everyone who has thrown rocks at me, Lucius. Every single one of them. And I fear them. But with that fear comes preparation. That's the thing, nephew, fear makes you more apt to defend yourself. Can you blame me for wanting to do that?\" \"No, Uncle.\" \"That is what sets us apart from the birds. Their defense is impulsive. They take flight. We, on the other hand, can plan our defenses, Lucius. And sometimes we must.\" Commodus was nearly panting now, clutching the railing with white-knuckled hands and surveying his city with fever bright eyes. Lucius got the impression somehow that he wasn't his uncle's only audience for this speech, that there was someone else Commodus hoped would overhear. Lucius shivered; perhaps the ghost of the listener was among them, weaving through the early morning smoke of long-burning torches. After a few long and silent minutes, Commodus settled his breath, and his features relaxed. He extended a hand to his nephew, peeling himself reluctantly from the Roman panorama. \"Come to my study. I'll read you to sleep. A boy your age needs his rest.\" Lucius didn't want to go, but his uncle was leading him there anyway. He tugged at Commodus' wrist. \"I want to see Mother.\" Commodus pulled Lucius closer with a jerking motion. \"Nonsense,\" he growled. \"Don't wake her.\" In the library, Commodus pulled the draperies shut and took a purple embossed storybook from the shelf. The Iliad. He and Lucius sat down together on the divan. \"Where did we leave off, nephew?\" Lucius didn't answer, and Commodus flipped to a page toward the middle and began to read, Lucius fighting the fatigue that crept up his muscles like black poison. But his uncle's voice was soft again, and soon Lucius' head had dropped to his shoulder, and then his eyes drooped shut as well. Commodus stopped reading when his nephew's breaths took on the deep and regular rhythm of sleep. Soft footsteps and the wispy rustle of fabric drew nearer to the library door. The Praetorian guard had neither such a gentle step nor gentle clothes. \"Come, sister,\" Commodus beckoned in a loud whisper. Lucilla tiptoed round the door, advancing slowly into the room as though dragged by chains. Commodus' lips fell into a tight smile. \"Look how he loves me, how he trusts me.\" He gestured to his nephew, now resting his whole body upon the emperor's shoulder. \"Why can you not do the same?\" ","Summary":" Lucius awoke with a start. For a moment he was wildly disoriented, drowning in his sea of sweat-soa"},{"Movie":"Gladiator","Title":"There's an art to letting go","Author":"DNA","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9392968","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ~~ \"Where do the strong go to be weak?\" { Firelord , Parke Godwin} ~Many years ago, one of my favorite authors, GuyGavriel Kay, explained in an interview, how he felt the ending of 'Gladiator' was something of a cop-out: it's too easy (as many of us have wrenchingly experienced, having lived through the 'Red Wedding' Scene recently from GoThrones) to simply kill off a protagonist, even for dramatic effect (which, frankly, is my whole gaff regarding the RedWedding Scene...what a copout, stupid story-line waste of great protagonists). While the tragic thread of 'Gladiator' made the ending seem appropriate, GGK had a point, in that, Living, the art of Living, is much more difficult, especially the Art of Continuing past Pain, Loss, and Grief, building a new Life, by picking up pieces of the Old, or Leaving them behind...which, in essence, is a sort of Death in itself. ~This excerpt is a somewhat altered, abbreviated form of my original 'Redemption' series, which has bumbled around in my head, in various forms, through the years...unfortunately, being delayed on account of JohnAdams, Thomas Jefferson (Stephen Dillane) and a little Scotch doctress...if you're so inclined, check out the further excerpts on my Tumblr blog if you so wish (the link is under my profile-page...some parts are a little smuttly-so be warned, if you're under 16, don't view)...but Nemhyn, Maeve, Lucilla, Maximus/Lucius Artorius Castus/Batrades and the band of dashing Sarmatian HorseLords...they're all still in there. My writing, the story have altered through the years...it's very difficult to keep apace though, since my career is really chief-command of my days...And while the canon of Thomas Jefferson in PreRev France, and his (imaginary-fictonally drafted) little Scotch doctress might have been inspired by 'JohnAdams', they are my own story, not fanfiction...(I would honestly argue the same for my take on Maximus and the Sarmati, in Roman-Britain)-a story which I hope I might craft into a more detailed/researched/written thread oneday...and still do my job well for my own patients... ~Spring 182 CE He did not speak of that memory to Maeve or her daughter. It was too personal, too much of a past he grew more distant from, everyday. He shared other memories, though. As a boy, he would run through the hay fields with children of his father's farm hands, early summer mornings sweet with the scent of newly mown grass. The first impression he ever had of humble majesty embodied in one man. He had been a gangling youth, son of provincial nobility, bowing before Marcus Aurelius, trying to conceal his awe, overcome his awkwardness in the presence of the Emperor's dazzling second daughter, Annia Aurelia Galeria Lucilla. The girls from prosperous farms local to Trujillo, Emerita Augusta beyond, did not provoke such a bizarre mix of shyness and worship. They seemed vapid and tiresome, frivolous in their unpolished flirtations, more interested in who was next to be married, what baby was soon to be born, their chatter like the empty and mindless clucking of hens. Lucilla was different. Young as she was, still more a girl than woman, her mind was as sharp, her tongue as quick as any seasoned Senator's, surviving the intrigue of a soft and corrupt court. Maximus described to the two Roman-British women, across the camp-fire one night, how he had choked, spewing a mouthful of wine in disbelief, on the Lucilla's stola of Indian silk. Reclining on a couch, opposite from where his father and Marcus Aurelius had been similarly situated, she was disputing some point, quoted Strabo, and with an acerbic patrician scorn, recited Rufinis, as to why a woman, if educated in a similar tradition, had as innate an aptitude for reason and ruling, as any man. Maximus had been physically unable to control his sputtered mirth, an unfortunate coincidence he'd chosen to sip from his wine-glass at that moment. Women in Hispania, with the exception of his grandmother, never spoke like that. His grandmother, though, was unique. Lacrima Decima Vorena, the name she adopted upon arriving to Hispania's northern shores, a girl of fifteen, a child pregnant and fleeing a traitorous, despised husband. Guided by the Tower of Hercules perched on the rocky headlands of Brigantium, Maximus' grandfather Decimus Vorenus, head-magistrate of the old veteran's settlement, was glamoured by a platinum-haired fairy-woman, combing her shining locks, amid the sands and white-capped breakers. Or so went the tale, imparted to the family canon, through the years. Maximus never met his grandfather, so he was unable to decide if the seasoned soldier had truly been bewitched. So much older than the woman he'd fallen in love with, it was more likely Decimus Vorenus had been bedazzled by a gentle laugh, and the fresh face of youth evinced by his grandmother, her tragic story, brought to distant shores, escaping a tyrannical husband of rival barbarian tribes. Maximus' own traumatic birth had taken his mother's life. In his father's frequent absences, Decima Vorena, his strange, foreign grandmother, was the only female influence, and primary adult, present in his early years. By the time Maximus was approaching manhood, his father had earned retirement from legionary service. A tour which must have been quite fruitful in terms of powerful connections, Marcus Aurelius conversed that night, in his father's dining hall, familiar as a brother or close friend. Beautiful, even in her seventh decade, Maximus recalled how Decima Vorena sat upright through the entire course of dinner, exemplifying the matrons of the Old Republic, snow white hair pinned exquisitely, her gown of fine-spun wool, draped on a body, still spry and supple. She had never been one to follow transient fashions, the daring, younger ladies of the Roman court, arrayed about his father's formal reception room, enjoying the temptation of subverting outmoded convention, reclining next to the men as they ate. Decima Vorena's laugh broke the taut silence which had stilled the dinner-converse following Lucilla's bold statement. The delicate lines around her eyes deepened in amusement, gaze a lucid steel-gray, like the colorless sun upon winter fog, weighted upon the Emperor, pensive and humoring at once. If only she had been born a man, Eminence, what a Caesar she would make. Lucilla, reclined next to Maximus, suddenly tensed. Her lovely young features drew into a frown, seeming to struggle, keep her poise. Marcus Aurelius' young daughter, so sophisticated, so intimidating moments before, valiantly hiding her nervousness behind that mask of arrogance only royalty could contrive; yet, Maximus was made aware how new she truly was, to this setting of powerful men. A company in which women were welcome, so long as they kept their opinions private, dulled any display of intelligence, and silenced objections, even when grounded in learning or study. Maeve, her daughter Nemhyn, each snickered, listening to Maximus' story over the popping of the logs, the sizzle of fat from their lamb on the spit. Disguised, provincial nobility heralding from the most savage, remote outpost of the Empire, they practiced a profession of men. Their trade sent them journeying across a continent and a half, over three years, to lands even Alexander the Great had scarcely breached. These two irregular, eccentric British women, sitting around that small, cozy fire, flames warming the cool night air of a Spanish spring. These two women—a tribal-queen and her daughter—knew precisely what had provoked his grandmother into laughter. It was sympathy, not scorn, for young Lucilla's rebellious statement. A rare ally, Lacrima Decima Vorena was not Roman. She came from an island far to the north, cast beyond legend, ocean winds, and the far reach of crashing waves—the Ninth wave beyond the Ninth Wave, bordering on the Western lands of the Dead. Hibernia, the Roman forces from a century before named that distant shore. They knew what sovereignty meant in those far, unsettled places. Kingship was privilege earned. The blessing bestowing such choice ran in a woman's veins, guarded by goddess-right. As Romanized as the two British women were, listening to that episode from his youth, they recognized tribal custom, their own Island still governed by similar traditions. In that other life, as Maximus Decimus Meridius, General of the Legions of the North, Supreme Commander under Marcus Aurelius, it had often been speculated Antius Crescens Calpurnianus, Legate of the Sixth, stationed in distant Eboracum, had been bewitched by a native seeress. Nothing else could account for his declining the multiple promotions offered through the years, displaying exemplary service, particularly assimilating the five-thousand Sarmatian cavalry into the ranks of the British auxiliaries. It was only now, sharing that supposed sorceress' company, Maximus realized what a formidable ally the General of Sixth Victoria Victrix possessed by way of his wife, Maeve. In the chaotic aftermath of Commodus' demise, the Spaniard, a bruised, battered refugee, found himself unwillingly coerced, bullied, and ultimately persuaded into remaining with these two women, as he slowly recuperated under their care, since the months escaping Rome. Indeed, Maeve, her daughter Nemhyn, embodied Brigantine nobility aligned to Roman martial prowess. In the vast scale of the Empire, such connections mattered little, but on their Island, these women were the North, essentially gave Antius the authority to hold the North, that dark region beyond the Wall. Rome, as always, disdained a woman's intervention, scorning Maeve's success in having weeded-out subversive rebels within federated clans south of the Hadrian Divide, in those decades Marcus Aurelius' predecessor, Antoninus Pius, saw fit to leave his own mark of Imperial domination through the Caledonian waste. Her own ancestor, Cartimandua, had been no less infamous, preserving the peace of native territory from decimation, if not occupation. Theirs was authority of queen and Druidess not formally recognized by the Legions, though the Eagle still benefited. For Maeve's people, those who had no other voice—simple peasant farmers, freedmen-artisans, and crude village-folk of the rural countryside—she represented a powerful figurehead, invoked by Brigantia's ancient custom. Maeve's daughter, Nemhyn, seemed altogether indifferent of that legacy imbued by her mother and father. High spirited if she wished, particularly impatient with Maximus' own embittered glowering, his scathing thankless rage at how these women had interfered in his welcome death, Maeve's daughter had little but the most academic sympathy for the ex-gladiator, now traveling under the guise of an exiled mercenary, guarding these two unconventional women. Why they insisted on returning to his old home, before journeying straight on to Britannia, was a mystery he had no motivation to contemplate. Nemhyn viewed him, rightly so, as a dangerous commodity sharing their presence. Not long after leaving the urban-security of Tarraco, a ragged band of thieves set upon the travelers. Skirting the main roads, the small group, with their cart and mule, headed out on the rural-wagon paths west, into the Spanish midlands toward Trujillo. Night falling, the women chose a lowland knoll, off the beaten path, for their camp. It was a sheltered area, small bluff mounted by a deserted shepherd's hollow cresting a pond, fed by an underground aquifer. Maximus returned hours later to find their small campsite occupied by ruffians of the lowest sort. Off scouring for game, he heard the vagrants before he saw them, a loud, drunken and dangerous lot. They were likely slave-scavengers, preying on poorly guarded pilgrim-caravans. Thieves, perhaps, hoping to steal away with the mysterious supplies brought from the East—mostly a chest of scrolls and papyri-texts detailing obscure medical phenomena—the band of mercantile-criminals would find such paraphernalia worthless. The women were a different story. The crazed hag, mumbling in witless dementia—a ploy Maeve long ago conceived when dealing with just these situations—would still fetch something of a price, if only to supply the arenas with cheap fodder for their wild animals. The younger woman was of much more value. Wild, russet colored waves, thick, poorly concealed by her veil, fair-freckled skin; she was comely—inviting and flirtatious, in the way of country-girls. A saucy giggle erupted every time one of them groped her buttocks, or ogled at a flash of slim ankle when she passed, serving the intruders seated about their fire, food from a simple repast. The unmixed wine, in bladder-flasks, flowed freely between the gang-members. Maximus, concealed in the brush and shadows beyond the fire, could see the way they leered openly at Nemhyn's swaying hips. She was so uncharacteristically mindless, leaning forward, letting the neckline of her long tunic fall away, a peak of white breasts beneath. Her smile did nothing to dissuade the thieves. Maeve continued to babble, slack incoherence, gnawing on her fingers like a crazed beggar. He waited, a predator timing his attack, stealthy as the giant felines of southern lands, where Juba once hunted such creatures. He heard Nemhyn's careless laugh, playful as a wanton, pointing out the stringed instruments and pipes, in the bandits' possession. They played of course. She danced, of course. With winsome gaiety, she said, with a shy smile, a quick, merry glance about the circle of ruffians, she may not be equal to the women of Gades, but she would do, that night, anyway, for their entertainment. She might even offer them something more, in the privacy of the bushes, away from the nattering bag of bones that was her mother. The comment had been spoken with just the correct amount of annoyance and long-suffering patience, exactly right for a simple-minded country-girl, entirely unaware of her circumstances. The sport she would offer was sweet inducement to such vultures, sampling their produce before they would sell her to the slavers in the next market town. The music struck through the silence of the night, the season early enough to not be filled with the chirp of insects from the tall grass. A slight breeze wafted a soft perfume of spring blossoms. Drums—criminal gangs always seemed to have drums—echoed out from the light cast by the burning logs. Nemhyn's silhouette was a flying, twirling shade, her hands gracing the golden flames, quick as fluttering birds against the fire, undulation of hips, a leap and spin, she was a filly tempting the stallions of grassland herds. Maximus, gazing hard from the darkness, patient as a cold-killer, found himself stirred unexpectedly by the titillating indecency of white limbs, unbound hair, thick long waves, red-gold highlights, which, even in the darkness, caught the firelight like honey and amber-sun. She stopped, freezing all at once, seeming to focus on one of the younger members of the villainous group. The boy was enthralled, mouth gaping in dumb-awe, as she came to kneel in a slow, serpent-like reverie, the flute weaving a low seductive pitch, mesmerizing and quavering with Nemhyn's sinuous hypnosis. There was a rabid, covetous greed in the stares of the other men, wolves ready to pounce on their meal. It was then, Maximus attacked. A mere hunting dagger his weapon, it didn't matter. He had been a soldier, skilled as any Roman legionary was expected, later, a gladiator, unmatched in hand-to-hand combat. He couldn't have known the wine served to the ruffian-gang had been drugged with enough opium and jimson-weed to down a wagon-team of oxen. The bandits were rendered slow and stupid, by lust, by their inebriation and herbal intoxicants. Blood splattered across Nemhyn's face and neck. She screamed, a short-sound, shock or fear, scuttling back on her hands and feet. He drove the dagger in deeper, between the shoulder blades of that unfortunate boy, its deadly point, protruding from the cracked breast-bone, yanked out viscously, leaving the youth gagging on scarlet fluid, gasping, slumping forward clutching at his penetrated heart. There was no time, no mercy. The Spaniard, acting out of instinct, became a deadly tempest, stabbing, thrusting—the screams of dying men filled the air. Then… Quiet. All six of them, in moments, were slain almost precisely where they had been sitting, cross-legged or sprawled around the fire. Their blood was seeping into the ground from severed throats, disemboweled, one beheaded. That body, skull separated from its neck, was still in the midst of collapsing, muscles of the headless corpse slower than the brain, to acknowledge the abrupt ending of life. Maximus came back to himself, fingers clutched, wrapped around the dagger's handle. Blood, other men's blood, slick and fresh, stained his hands, tunic, his legs and arms. He numbly registered Nemhyn with her own hands clamped over the boy's chest, desperately trying to staunch the pulsing geyser of viscous red liquid seeping between her fingers. The dagger had hit its mark, slicing through nerves, muscle, into the chest cavity, and the vital chamber of that pumping organ. Maximus knew how to kill with expert effect. The boy's death would not be quick. \"Are you mad?\" Maeve's incensed daughter gazed up at him in her fury. The gurgling moan distracted her, before she could castigate him further. It was futile, even with these women's skill, to do anything other than end the boy's suffering. She still kept her hands folded, pressed against the wound shredding the boy's rib-cage, clearing the welling blood away from his mouth so he might draw a failing breath. Maximus was beginning to feel an unfamiliar queasiness, nauseous disgust flooding his gut, horror in his mind. He would never have revealed this sudden revulsion to these women. He absorbed the scene of death around him, without evident reaction. \"They were hardly going to exercise the virtue of moderation, Nemhyn,\" he said with grim menace. It was a struggle to keep his hands from shaking. He hadn't killed, hadn't even touched a weapon since his confrontation with Commodus, nearly two months before. That capacity to numb feeling, shield himself against the pain and guilt later evoked, reflecting on the indignity of what he performed for the gross excesses of the Arena's pleasures—where had that ability gone? He wouldn't throw-up, summoning hate and anger, smothering this sudden sick tide of sentiment. \"No, they certainly weren't intending gentleness,\" Maeve agreed from behind, the guise of elderly insanity disturbingly vanished. No longer a stooped, tottering crone, she was tall, standing straight, a woman in her late middle-age, proud-shouldered, retaining the evidence of what was once great beauty, still handsome and unsettling, with penetrating ice-colored eyes, and chiseled features. Sleek black brows, untouched by gray, were raised, expectant. She studied the scene about as though it were a stage, and they the actors, playing out their parts. \"However,\" the older woman continued, eyes, keen and pale in the firelight, stilled on her kneeling daughter, crouched next to the boy's supine, weakly writhing form, \"it might have helped had we elucidated, we've not been abroad, across half the Empire, traveling in this humble state, Spaniard, without being prepared to deal with just these circumstances when…they arise.\" Maeve noticed the scowl hiding his puzzlement. He resented when this unflappable British woman, in her serene composure, alluded to hidden details upon which he was not privy. \"Imbecile,\" Nemhyn muttered. \"The wine was drugged, or did you think we somehow survived these last three years on blind-luck alone? Fortuna only extends her blessings so far, of which—,\" she reached over, pushing against the boy's chest with one hand, firmer when he exuding a wet rattle. Supporting his head with her other arm, she lifted him slightly, so his laboring lungs could fill with air, even as blood distended their collapsed tissue. \"—Of which, Spaniard,\" she spat the word like a curse, green-flecked hazel irises boring into his, \" you are not such a gift.\" \"Oh, I think that might be debated, Daughter,\" Maeve amended softly, even-toned as always. The younger woman's exasperated glance, directed at her mother, reflected the abounding, abrasive relationship. Maximus had witnessed more than a few volatile exchanges between the two women over these last months of their acquaintance. Volatile on Nemhyn's part anyway; Maeve, he had yet to ever see lose her temper. The boy sounded like he was drowning. Maximus wished, terribly, the youth would just stop breathing. \"It would have been far easier for these men to awaken in a day, or so, brain-fuddled perhaps, but none the worse except for our absence,\" the younger woman bit out in a heated remonstrance. \"Now we'll need to devise a way to dispose of the bodies.\" \"Surely in your combined ingenuity,\" he sketched a mocking deference to the younger woman, quick glance to Maeve, back down to her daughter, \"you can think up some method between physic and nature. I wouldn't suggest a pyre. The terrain here is quite flat, and the smoke trail will show for days.\" Nemhyn gritted her teeth, hearing the contempt and sarcasm. Attention drawn to the gargling sound from the boy's throat, she had forgone another attempt at stopping the blood loss. She knew the wound was mortal, posed alert, listening, with her hands spaced apart, lightly on his scarce rising chest. He still, somehow managed to draw in another gut-churning gurgle, bubbling red fluid from the hole which had torn his heart. Nemhyn laid the boy's head back, gently on the ground. Frank, wide lips thinned in pity, disappointment at the waste. The youth's eyes were dulled, half-closed, but some stubborn part of mortality clung to the ruined flesh. Maeve said nothing, watching with a veiled gaze as her daughter stood, approaching Maximus, paying no heed to the other grisly, massacred forms littered about the campsite. \"Maximus the Merciful,\" she taunted, gaze like stone, dropping to the bloodied blade in his grip, visage set in chilled contempt. \"The least you can do is finish your work, here; show this poor child some clemency, mayhap, and spare him further suffering.\" He remained unmoving, despite the cutting remark, fixing her with a look of equal derision, jaw clenched, feeling the heavy weight of conscience fall, a pressure crushing into his own chest. She stepped past him, glancing once to her mother, and strode off toward their wagon. He thought, perhaps, she meant to stay away for a time, but the sounds from the cart told him she was seeking a clean tunic, a cloth, the soap they kept, to wash off the stains of death. He had no pity for the youth, his expression dispassionate as he tread the small distance to the boy's dying form. The world was a place of brutality, forcing one to do what one must, to survive. These women, in their false assurance, might believe the Universe was a play of dumb-luck mixed with random acts of compassion. That was certainly not his own experience in the years since he had stupidly denounced Commodus. In the space of a breath, he had condemned his wife and son to violent murders wrought by his own Stoic, moral honor. Thoughts roared loud, warring in his mind, as he gazed down on the boy's stretched form, twitching limbs, occasional guttered breath. The youth had been a sacrifice to greater gods and chance. Maximus believed in gods no longer, despite the Old Man coming in dreams, disturbing his sleep, with confused scenes, panoramas of other lives. He hated these women, Lucilla included. He had wanted to die, wished for it, extending his hand, palming open the door to his Elysium. Why, why would the gods have allowed him that glimpse of vibrant golden vistas, wheat sheaves rustling in a gentle, warm breeze, the road to his Home, his wife and son, Selene and Marcus, forms small to his vision, so far off In the distance. Why would they have offered that, only to take it back, one more devastating, wrenching time? They had waited. Juba said they would wait. And suddenly, it had all vanished, shattered, stolen from him on the crux of an agonized breath, his cry, a plea of wrath, thrust back into this world of enduring pain. Empty of thought or feeling, he flung the hunting blade away, dropping to his knees at the boy's head. It was a quick succession, gripping the youth's skull at the temples and chin, large, powerful hands, a rapid wrench, a twist to one side, beyond the natural angle of the neck, a sickening, moist snap. And it was done. He felt the spirit flee from the broken shell of flesh and bone, before he completed the act. Rising, he saw without comprehending, really, Nemhyn watching at the periphery of the fire. She was balanced, hidden on that edge of shadow and light. Color bled from her face, her skin was like chalk against the night, stark features molded into an austere beauty, painted not with gratification, but with something more disturbing. Remorse. She didn't join him, or Maeve, as they weighted the bodies down with rocks, sunk into the pond. Hours later, many hours later, closer to dawn than midnight, he had been gazing at the same pool of water, now a placid grave. The darkness his only companion, all was quiet but for the stirring of brush and leaves in the small, sparse grove sheltering their clearing. He had wept at the feet of his wife's charred corpse. Those had been the last tears ever shed, in the seasons which had passed, as a slave, a gladiator, a freedman liberated without ever having sought such a gift. He figured the women had unrolled their pallets, sleeping with the few hours remaining before they were to be up and away from this scene of unintended violence. Maeve, of course, slumbered like a babe as she did every night, somehow unfazed, as usual, by the distressing current of events in the preceding hours. He later realized, Maeve's uncanny ability, curse perhaps, of Sight, tormenting her since girlhood, made her experience of reality and time, different than other persons. Reconciled against an upbringing of Roman and Greek learning, intuition and clairvoyance clashed with reason and science. To the Brigantine tribal queen, all futures were equally probable, sifted through limited human sentience. Her present wasn't troubled as most other people's; it was the future, unknown, but known, awash in war and devastation, that unsettled her deepest calm. Nemhyn hadn't inherited that cursed blessing of Sight. She had other…preoccupations. A vision washed by merging pasts, where shades and ghosts sometimes wandered freely with mortals, suffering time to replay the tragedy of their existence, lives long lost to the memory of all but stone, sea, and wind. She found him in the night, those hours he had been gazing, empty and hollow, upon the watery grave. Her step was agile, light across the dirt-strewn ground. She paused where he sat, back against a bare sapling, arms wrapped around legs folded against his chest. A curious glance up, a moonless night, it was difficult to peer through the dark, make out her expression. Her voice told him enough. \"I'm sorry, Maximus,\" she said softly, coming to settle next to him, arranging herself more comfortably upon the hard ground. \"I shouldn't have provoked you like that. It…it was cruel thing to do.\" She too, was gazing out across the dark waters, dark waters on a dark night—this dark night of the soul. This was another awareness he would learn about her, later, as the months advanced, coming ashore, eventually, to start a new life upon Britannia. This rare grace, quick to anger, at times, too rash in her judgments, impatient with those less capable, less strong in conviction. Yet, it would be moments like this, in approaching months, where Nemhyn's brash integrity gentled into this intrepid compassion. It fed her work, following in the footsteps of her mother's impassioned devotion to healing, practiced along that distant outpost of forts and garrisons, strung out and beyond the Hadrian divide. Her mother, who had begun this first process, insisted on learning the classics of the Masters—Eratosthenes, Hippocrates, Sushrata, Soranus, and absurdly, even the women, few as they were, but existing regardless. And Maeve's daughter, child of queens and generals, Nemhyn refused to let that heritage of Roman, and native British aristocracy, define her fate. Doctor, physician, woman… not queen. He hadn't known, at that time Nemhyn, too, was once married. She had born a son—lost her husband and child, both within a season of one another, a harsh winter, famine and disease striking down, levelers of king and peasant alike. She recovered eventually, emerging from her great sorrow, finding something of love, a first brush with passion, surcease, in the arms of an exiled Prince, a leader of an exiled people, disgraced Horse Lord from the great Sea of Grass. A forbidden love, one never destined to last. The Sarmatian-Prince's incarnation of Divinity, Saranyu, the Great Mare, came to that Isle of Mists, in the progression of years following the second Macromanni campaign. Modron—Matrona—in the Latin, Horse Queen, she invoked the Sarmatian Prince's old loyalties, guarding a sword of star-steel, awaiting the Chalybee-blade's rightful heir. In those months following Commodus' death, the world had occupied a bizarre stasis. The Praetorians, under Senator Falco's contingent, were unaware Perennius would not prove to be the biddable puppet they had hoped. \"You should start addressing me as Lucius Castus, Nemhyn,\" he replied, softly, hollow, drained of his anger. \"Maximus Decimus Meridius no longer lives. He died many years ago, before ever he stepped foot, onto the sands of the Arena.\" He started suddenly, a slender-fingered hand upon his forearm, light touch, commiserating. He wasn't used to human contact, a casual affection, so natural a thing, had disappeared from his world. She didn't flinch when he jumped. Instead, the brush of her fingers tightened, a brief, comforting squeeze upon his forearm, before she took her hand back. A quiet sigh, Nemhyn rose, leaving him to his conflicted thoughts. A man, at that time, without a path or a purpose, except to inexplicably return to a ruined villa, scourged land, the disgraced bodies of his wife and son. Some nights later, over a different fire, that much nearer to the waste of his old farm, he explained to Nemhyn and Maeve, as they waited for their dinner to cook, \"Of course I was raised in privilege. It was ambition I lacked, at least for power. Too much responsibility, that—deciding men's lives, and living with the consequences. At the end of the day, all I wanted was to perform my duty as a soldier; return to my home, farm my lands, watch my son grow.\" \"Is that a character-flaw?\" Nemhyn asked, poking at the hare to see if it was done roasting. \"Lacking ambition, I mean.\" \"It is, when sensed by those men who would covet power,\" Maeve joining in the converse. \"Ambition, for them, is a canker. It overgrows in their hearts, and is never satisfied. More than those who would compete with them, they distrust and despise the men able to resist such temptations.\" He glanced oddly, at the older woman through the dancing shadows cast by the firelight. \"Was that my downfall; the apparent oversight winning me Commodus' hatred?\" sardonic and reflective at once. Maeve's eyes, always disconcerting, shone on him, ice pale as crystals, winter-blue to white. \"No, Maximus—,\" she slipped on the name, her small smile, apologetic, warmed her features, \"—Lucius, forgive me. It was his father's love that won you Commodus' wrath. Even that, though, Marcus Aurelius' son might have overcome in time, but his sister's love, bestowed upon you, he could never have abided.\" Maximus looked away, disconcerted. What he and Lucilla shared, so many years past—a youth gone to the decades between, he thought, was concealed even from this woman's probing clairvoyance. He had been a boy really, for all his head was full of his early success as a legionary-recruit. Mind consumed with his first experience of coupling, the young man from distant Hispania had never forgotten the dazzling girl-woman, enticing in her willowy loveliness, an Emperor's daughter. There, at the edge of Pannonia, they met again, both taken by the mad desire of youth and lust. It was more than her soft skin, though, the way she looked, head thrown back, flawless patrician features molded into ecstasy, long line of her neck, arched above him, biting her lip to keep from crying out in climax. Those stolen moments, that spring and summer, on the other side of the Empire, she accompanied her father often on his tours. Those months before the first Macromanni wars, before her marriage to Lucius Verus, were some of the most blurred and rampant Maximus would ever recall. They were both so young, so ideal, he and Lucilla, sharing everything about each other, with each other. Their lives, their hopes and dreams; an Empire under siege, the pressures of expanding territory; the impotency of the Senate, and her fondness for Senator Gracchus encouraging her toward cultivated pursuits of ancient histories and philosophy. Have you read Titus Livius , she had asked one night, amid tangled sheets, and sweat-coated limbs. Indeed, he had. He was intrigued by her mind, the potent allure of her sparkling eyes, a changeable mirage of green-blue, muddied brown, like the waters of the Middle Sea on a summer's day. The way she would laugh in silken-voiced teasing, even when they disagreed. He thought they had shared everything—naïve as he was, a young man, untried in love and the ways of women. Sophisticated, worldly court-women, like this daughter of an Emperor, raised since birth to scent out, steer through the deceptions always threatening her father's reign. She had neglected to enlighten him on the fact of her betrothal. That was his first experience with a broken heart. He said nothing in response to Maeve's observation. However close the British seeress' unintended revelation came to the truth, there were secrets in his heart he would not share. They were his memories, sorrows and joys both, belonging to him, not meant for others' common knowledge. Maeve's enigmatic gaze suddenly flit over, locked on his eyes, her look, too complicated to decipher in the moments before she focused back on the snapping flames. A considering, quick smile crossed her features, deepened the lines around her mouth. She didn't prod, leaving the discussion to die into the warm spring night. Maximus—Lucius—had the distinct impression, this peculiar woman knew exactly the line of his private meditations. Contemplations which became increasingly morose, a sorrow never fully confronted after vengeance had been satiated. That bitter grief stewed, resurrected as each day passed, and the trio with their wagon and donkey, neared the border markers of fields that had once been his. Pastures and fallow-land were still blackened, despite the new growth of weed and scrub, the poplars lining the causeway to his home remained bare-branched and soot-coated. The scene was a testimony to the miasma of death lingering around the homestead, stagnant and putrid, meant to ward away errant voyeurs. Halfway up the graveled road, Hercules, eternally patient, compliant Hercules, halted abruptly, of his own volition, the reigns slack in Maximus' hands. The mule resisted coaxing by either woman, braying in terror, frozen where it stood, refusing to near the scorched remnants of the villa. Maximus crawled down from his perch on the wagon. He couldn't blame the beast, really. It was as though they had entered the lands of the dead, the sky taking on a reddish glow with the descending sun, rays shooting up from behind the surrounding hills. The residual light touched, tinting everything with the color of blood. Dust mingled ash sifted in shapeless clouds, sweeping across the barren waste of what had once been a verdant field of ripening wheat and olive orchards. His feet fell upon the desiccated ground, stirring motes in his wake. He stopped just before the stone arch above the courtyard entrance. Paralyzed into stillness, Maximus was held fast by a wave of sadness he had kept at bay these last years, jaw tightening, biting the inside of his cheeks. He concentrated on simple breathing, struggling to not be overcome, fall to his knees, once more, before the tattered, abandoned remnants of his wife and son. The corpses were little more than ragged, rotted twigs, charred skeletons—or what was left of their skeletons— hanging, swinging from the keystones. The dry wind blowing from the west on sunset's whim made the naked bones dance, fragments of dried tissue, possibly clothing, perform in a gross parody of movement. He was so lost in reminiscence he never heard the women approach. Nemhyn was there, suddenly, contriving a stand out of a cracked, desecrated flower pot. Clamoring onto the makeshift footstool, she unflinchingly cut through one hempen tether, severed the second rope with equal viciousness, wielding the same dagger he had used upon the bandits a handful of days before. He stepped back when the scant, incinerated remains of his wife and son landed in a pitiful heap at this feet, turning away once, to master himself. Nemhyn offered no word of comfort, no shared sorrow, merely jumping down from the upturned flowerpot. A cold fury across her face, her eyes were wide, fastened on nothing in particular, staring straight ahead as she walked back to the wagon—presumably to deposit the dagger in their storage trunk. \"We can help you gather stones for their pyre,\" Maeve murmured from behind. He heard her move off toward the ruins of the front courtyard, where crumbled piles of rock littered the overgrown footpaths. Maximus followed mindlessly, a moment later, feeling nothing but the old sadness turn into a bitter, rising sweep of grief. Nemhyn joined them, silent as she bent to gather tinder and stone in sufficient amounts to accomplish this most somber of tasks. He would always remember the haunted look upon her face, glancing every now and then, into the encroaching shadows, as night fell. The strain upon her brow was evident, but he was too lost in his own hollow despair to register anything strange in the way she would flinch, cower almost, eyes wincing about the devastation of scarred, blasted fields, the blackened carcass of the villa's empty, caving walls. If there were odd noises coming from the scorched frame of the ruined villa, a child's faint laugh just below the cool night breeze, whispers lost, floating into the engulfing dark, they could be excused as the rustlings of wild vermin in dens or burrows, perhaps the fancy of disturbed imaginations. Unknowingly, the visitation of the living to this cursed place, summoned, drew the dead like an invisible thread. Shades were attracted to those rare persons able to feel phantasm energies. Nemhyn had learned early in her girlhood, how to confront the unseen, accept what others remained impervious toward, and move through her days, even her nights with a modicum of normalcy. As an adult, she was rarely rattled by the sorry, mournful impressions of lost, wandering spirits, meant to be pitied, more often than not, they could manifest as angered, terrifying souls. She addressed them with a humorous pragmatism, frank as she was toward her patients. It was a regard which confounded even the dead. Disgruntled, they would float off, fading, confused or comforted, thoughtful, occasionally even grateful. That night, though, after the pyre had been prepared, Nemhyn would not speak of what she saw in the shadows, holding her peace for many years after. In the gloom and impenetrable dark, Nemhyn's mettle had been tested, leaving her pale and trembling, huddled, a fully grown woman in her mother's arms, as she hadn't sought since she was a girl. Her eyes clamped shut against Maeve's breast, her mother crooned the bard-melodies of Alba into her ear, trying to comfort her daughter's unsettled mind. A dulcet voice invoked images of crystal cities, green valleys, purple, misty mountains and bridges of rainbow and cloud, blue rivers abounding with golden sea-creatures, Beings of impossible beauty, the Shining Ones. The words were recited in the Old Tongue, a language known only by those trained in the most arcane of Druid-lore. A preserved poetry, a magic, imbued of wind, rain, ocean depth and sunlight upon leaf, the Hidden Ones called it the Language of the Trees. It was the only language used by the Little People, those few dark, nimble sprites, vestigial descendents of the First Ones who had crossed, millenia ago, to the Isle of the Mighty, before pewter waters cut the island from the mainland, in that era of ice sheets and glacial wastes. The sheer splendor of that ancient tongue held the restless spirits at bay, crowding the night against a boundary of mortal love and mother's affection. They were drawn, as well, to a memory of a man's suffering grief, until he could let go of his own dead. On the edge of living they remained, wanting to taste of matter, color, flesh, blood, breath and bone, laughter, love and sorrow together, but the song hovered upon shadows, soothing even the most tormented of specters. All but one, venturing away from the featureless, murky plains of gloom—swamped with a hoard of numberless souls—to seek that man's harrowing grief in the night.[Chapter 2] Spring, 182 CE ~The Hills above Trujillo Full dark drowned the ruined fields, the desecrated villa, broken only by the glitter of the stars above, and the sorry mounds of stone, dried tinder crackling, as flame engulfed the humble pyres. A sad melancholy permeated the area where the two women stood, across the rising fire from Maximus, his face masked by restless patterns of shadow. They watched the smoke curl upwards, in silent commune, dancing flames turning to ash, what had been the last earthly vestiges of a beloved wife, a treasured son. Maximus Decimus Meridius. Having escaped Rome, treading the miles toward Ianua so they could seek passage to Tarraco, Maeve had advised the wisdom of choosing a different name. Lucius Castus. It hadn't been all that much of a burden to leave behind the legacy of his old status, not exaggerating when he explained to Nemhyn, a few nights previous, that other man had indeed died long ago. Your brother did his work well. What Maximus found disconcerting was the realization, not three months before—bizarre coincidence being the Ides of March—he had still been a slave, shackled to a wall by chains and bolts. The most infamous man in Rome—short of Commodus—Maximus, the Gladiator, the Savior of Rome, and now, he was… Nothing. Supposed to be dead. A nameless refugee, a man with no past, no future, his present vision, filled with soot and ash, the inferno consuming the bones of wife and son. Earlier in the spring, during that week it took to reach Ianua from Rome, they heard of young Lucius' death. Lucilla's son had been executed, retribution commanded by Falco's men, for supposedly plotting against her brother. The reality left in the wake of Commodus' demise was that the Praetorian Guard ruled Rome. The Senate was an impotent mimicry of nostalgic republican sentiment; the Emperor lower, even, than that—a puppet whose strings were controlled by masters of avarice and betrayal. He hated Lucilla, for her treachery. She had sold Gracchus out, revealing everything to her brother, of Maximus' scheme, Proximo's collusion. And Cicero, faithful, loyal Cicero, had been the one least deserving of death, of all of them, sacrificed in their misguided attempt at sedition. He could feel Maeve's gaze resting upon him from across the sorry piles of burning rock and bone. Icy orbs, impenetrable as always, there was a disturbing empathy upon her face, that compassion of the priestess-philosopher, understanding, a man's road to paradise is fraught by peril, passing through the gates of Hell. She remained silent, the night broken by the snap of licking flames, gradually dying to fading embers. He was somewhat taken aback, seeing Nemhyn's cheeks, bled of color in the firelight, drawn and tired, scrawled with the faint tracks of tears. Her eyes remained fastened on the cinders, remnants of the skeletons burnt down to dust. He never heard a sound of grief escape past her lips, something stark in her gaze, her hand bound in her mother's grasp. Argumentative, often at odds as the two women were, there was great love between mother and daughter. From the few insights into their family, shared by the women over the months of their sojourn west to Hispania, Maximus had the impression, the gens Crescenii were a rare breed, close-knit relations between parents and siblings, bound by love and affection, so very different than the rabid, predatory upbringing of the Antonii. Nemhyn's two middle brothers, Cassius and Gaius, had served on Maximus' war-counsel, tribunes rising through the legionary succession, before that last, fateful battle in Germania. Reminses, the oldest of the four, was a high ranking officer of the Classis Britannica , patrolling the waters off Rome's northern coasts. These women came from power, provincial though it was, but then, generations before Maximus' time, the center of Imperial influence had long been shifting away from Rome. He was not unaware, the risk the two British women had taken in answering Lucilla's summons, his last night in Rome, when he had been senseless, hovering near-death. He did not pretend to understand the convoluted ties connecting these women to Marcus Aurelius' noble-daughter; how their interests had been mysteriously aligned preserving Gracchus' life. It would only be in coming months, after Maeve, Nemhyn, and Maximus—Lucius—arrived back in the women's homeland, that the currents of hidden relations, consequences of seemingly trivial-events occurring in those critical weeks before Commodus' demise, would reveal themselves, and the Empire edged toward civil war. Britannia, claimant to the Imperial-throne, would be stripped of her legionary forces, leaving the territory along Hadrian's Wall exposed, guarded by a bare minimum of auxilia , a ripe prize for the Caledonian tribes. That was a future yet to solidify, however. None of them suspected, except Maeve perhaps, the tumult of war which would threaten, drowning the vast domain of the Eagle, in the approaching years. He hated Lucilla; yet, he could understand, as the distance grew, separating him in time and miles, from the Imperial capital, Her quagmire of intrigue, why Marcus Aurelius' brave daughter had betrayed him. Those first weeks had been harsh, recuperating in these women's cart, bruised and battered in body and spirit. He vented his wrath frequently upon the two British women, when he wasn't sunk into a glowering remorse, guilt gnawing away from deep inside, at the disastrous turn of events following Commodus' death. You ought not underestimate a mother's love, Maximus , Maeve counseled one night, ever tranquil in the face of his snarling resentment. Would you have done any different, knowing Commodus would react so, just before you denounced his claim as Marcus Aurelius' rightful heir? He could muster no response, snared into silence, struck by the piercing truth of her words. Maximus Decimus Meridius was no more. Lucius Castus in his place, he had chosen the name of Lucilla's slain son. Ironically, it was the name of her dead husband as well—the man, it could be argued, who had been responsible for the severing of their dizzying, reckless affair. Castus came from an ancient branch of his father's family, when the first Vorenus escaped Alexandria, upon the wake of Marcus Antonius' suicide. The woman he had married as a second wife had been of Hellenic blood, Thaisa Castia, a physician, incidentally, trained in Pergamun, during the reign of Egypt's last queen. The sarcophagus housing her urn, together with her husband's remains, told their story in succinct, commemorative terms. Maximus always had the sense, reading the bland phrases carved into the sides of the sarcophagus, during ancestral rites, when he, his father and grandmother would visit the family graves, leaving a libation of wine, olive oil and bread upon the cover-stone, that the story of Lucius Vorenus, Thaisa Castia, their son, was far more intricate than the summary of their lives. The love Vorenus must have born that woman, how she was cherished, came through in the uncharacteristically personal epitaph: \" You rush off to be with the gods, Thaisa, and forget your husband. You have raised your body to the heavenly stars. Men will say that you have not died but that the gods stole you away because you saved your native fatherland from disease. Goodbye, and rejoice in the Elysian Fields. But you have left pain and eternal lamentations behind for your loved ones.\" There would never be any such memorial to his own wife or son. The hours progressed, the flames drawing low, darkness closing in from the surrounding shadows. Beneath the press of old grief, sorrows too long hoarded in his heart to be let go so easily, Maximus marveled that he could shed no tears. Frozen by desolation, the suffering hollowed his eyes, bleak upon his face. The sorry mounds were a smoldering heap of embers, dust and ash now, an occasional flicker of orange-gold, brought to momentary life, blown by the gentle night breeze. Maeve broke the solemn stillness, a word murmured over the piles, a blessing of the Old Ones, speeding souls on their way to the afterlife. A sniffle, he saw Nemhyn wipe at her eyes, a brusque gesture, though she didn't try to conceal the motion. Maeve's daughter turned, heading down the causeway, steps echoing through the dark, to where they had left the spooked mule tethered with their wagon. Moments later, she returned, her form faintly illuminated by the weak firelight as she emerged from out of the shadows. She stepped around the funerary embers, toward him, holding out his pallet, wordless lament in her stricken gaze. He took the reed mat from her, a small nod of gratitude. This voiceless grace, sensitivity unique to these women, was their own particular gift. He had no right to expect such compassion, yet here it was, bestowed freely without pity or derision. The understanding was unspoken. The women would leave him, slumbering by the embers, long after the last desperate cinder burned out, keeping vigil over his wife and son. Their pitiful remains were dark now, translucent wisp of smoke, rising with a cloud of ash, only the stars, the vast blanket of night, the shadows of his decimated home, would be his immediate companions. The women retreated in solemn procession, to sleep by the wagon and mule, allowing him what privacy they could, so he might mourn as he saw fit. Numb of feeling, soul bled dry, empty as the barren waste about, Maximus knew deep in heart, he was putting to rest more than just his family. All of them, their wasted deaths—Proximo, Haken, Cicero, Lucius, perhaps, even Lucilla. Reluctantly Commodus' image came to mind, the beautiful, tormented eyes, burning with jealous insanity, resisting, cursing, fighting his fate to the very end, even as the dagger plunged into his throat. Stretching himself out upon the ground, arm pillowing his head, wrapped in a Gallic cloak, his eyes traced the scraggling bower of naked branches, woody vines devoid of leaves or blossoms. In the first year of their marriage, he and Selene had planted a hedge-full of jasmine, lovingly nurtured, trained into creepers, grown to spill over the walls, and wound around, hugging the archway. The fall of slender branches, in the spring, would suddenly abound with an explosion of green, tender shoots. Then, not long after, came the joyous bloom of flowers, bright white, star-like petals, sparsed by delicate pinks and rare lavender. Their aroma was an exotic bouquet, spicy wood and a fresh, light musk, invoking warm summer nights, the brush of wind carrying the scents of growing things from the ripe fields beyond, sweet and heavy, hinting at the potent mystique of a woman's sex. The fragrance imbued their kitchen like a blessing, concentrated in the night, diffused by moisture brought from the rains of early spring. By this time of the year, the vines should have been lush in their growth, thick with the flowers along the walls, trailing up the archway overhead. Not a brick, nor stone, would have been visible until the after the first frost, when the greenery would die back, heralding the onset of winter. Maximus shut his eyes to the shadows of those creeping, bare vines; shut his eyes to the night around as well. The soft breeze moved over his skin, murmuring through the fall of stark, tangled branches. Trying to find some comfort from his grieving thoughts, the ex-gladiator, yearning for sleep to overtake him, fancied the scent of fresh jasmine, floating like a summer's dream, on the roaming current, filled his nostrils with each breath. He was on his knees, crawling across an eternal desert of sand, sharp stones, lacerating, cutting the skin of his palms and legs, a burning torture. A panorama of a red-orange sky, where no sun either rose nor set, dunes shaped the horizon, and his wife and son, charred corpses hung from crucifixes, stared upon him in piercing, unblinking accusation. His hand stretched forward, futile, they were so far away, his skin torn and bleeding from a thousand cuts and scrapes. Please, please forgive me! He cried out, desperate, helpless to reach them, as the flames from logs piled at the base of the crosses, leapt upwards, lashing skin, melting flesh and burning bone. They continued to stare at him, slack, suspended by rope, at their wrists. Their unforgiving eyes were dead as stone, skin turning to black, liquefied juices dissolving peeling tissue, down to their skulls. The eyes never changed, kept on staring right through him, into his heart, driving an invisible spear deeper and deeper, where guilt resided alongside his sorrow, and he could release neither. Selene! He screamed, silent misery, swallowed by the dry wind of the desert, stealing his fury and grief. The blaze took hold of their bodies, turning them into husks of scorched meat, the tang of boiled blood and innards rotten in the air. Sand became salt, mixing with his sweat, stinging in the multiple cuts ripping his flesh. The force which compelled him to his hands and knees, frustrating his progress toward their crucified remains, suddenly let go. He sprang up, lurching onto one foot, and another, hobbling on soles torn by the shards of stone, sand and salt. His tracks left bloody prints across the blasted white waste, trail of his tortured journey. As he neared, the images of their bodies, on the crosses, began to shimmer, waver like a mirage in the distance. No! he protested. No, I won't lose you again! Increasing his pace, despite the pain shooting up his feet, into his legs, the sand and salt swallowing each agonized foot-fall, he pressed himself onward. It was a race against time, and their disappearing forms. He stumbled, sliding back down the last dune, grappling to regain his footing. His hungry lungs labored to keep pace, as he clamored up the loose sands, refusing to give-in, be separated, in death, from those most precious to his heart. Finally, on the summit of a sandbank, he pushed himself toward the top, collapsing in exhaustion. The last fragments of his wife and son, hanging from their burning crosses, were barely visible, misty forms which dissipated like the ghosts they were, just as he closed the final stride, to foot of their execution. His sob was strangled, cut through the silence of the desert-waste, falling on hands and knees once more, fingers clawing through the particles of dust left behind, all that remained of their ruined bodies. And even the dust, stolen away, in moments, by the searing, relentless wind. His tears fell into the sand and salt, puddling to mix with his bloodied palms. Anger and sorrow, he cowered around himself, head cradled In his elbows. You said you would wait, he charged, weeping in his storm of grief. You said you would wait! Silence, only, and the eternal sweep of that dry, unforgiving desert wind. The smell of burnt flesh had been pungent in his nostrils, as the storm of his sorrow began to subside. He wasn't sure, when, through his bitter sadness, the aura of this wasted land began to change, shift. A transformation so subtle, his only warning was a jarring sensation of fingers, wrapped softly in his hair. And the aroma of jasmine, surrounding him, a balm, filling every fiber of his being inhaling deeply of the perfume. The hands twined in his hair directed him up gently, so he was suddenly looking upon… Her. Staring, disbelieving, into her eyes shining like the dark desert twilight, that slow, teasing smile, the mystery of her, and that beauty, earthy as the Spanish summer, and ripe with the promise of fertility. \"I'm here,\" she said, audible, physically spoken words filled his hearing with a voice like smoke and velvet. The scent of flowers, jasmine among the medley of fragrance chased away any last remnant of ash and burnt meat. It seemed to hang about her, the air brighter, the impression of a rising sun, hidden by the far mountains, coloring the sky gold and violet at their peaks. \"I'm here,\" she repeated, her smile, wider, filled with a doubting joy, on her knees facing him, hands cupped about his cheeks. \"Selene,\" he choked on the word. He hadn't spoken her name since the day he found her swinging by a rope, from the archway of their courtyard, spirit fled, scorched skin, bloodied thighs evidence of the cruel violence wrought before her death. He turned his lips into the softness of her palm, her hand warm, solid, so very like the living woman to whom he had given his heart. A young officer, fresh on leave, fleeing the confusion of a broken love affair, the incessant killing, the toll of every battle, fought and won along Rome's remote frontier, always left the aftermath of so much loss—fellow soldiers, his friends and brothers-in-arms, serving the Banner of the Eagle. She had been his salvation through those years, climbing the ranks to Legate, ultimately Chief Commander of the Northern Forces. And when the world became too dark, too full of blood and stench of tar-smoke and death, the haven she preserved, of their home, the son she had given him, revived him, made him realize there was still light in the World, and Love as well. She drew his face to hers, kissing him, possessive, hungry, salt and moisture of her tongue over his mouth. He responded in kind, whispering amid joy and sorrow, \"Forgive me,\" a brush of breath against her cheek, wet with their mingled tears. She sat back from him, a flash of a frown troubling her shimmering eyes. \"Forgive what, Dearest? Your grief is the one cord still holding me to this world. But every time you relive those memories, it summons my own loss all over again. I am beyond pain and sadness, beloved. I wish you would let yourself be so as well.\" \"I failed…failed all of you,\" Maximus said, torn. Her voice had always carried the essence of warmth, steamed honey, soothing and arousing together. \"Your name was the last word whispered on my final breath, Maximus. My thoughts were never- never -that you failed us. It was my prayer for your safety. I wanted you to live. My poor dear,\" her fingers stroked along his cheek, holding his gaze, \"cheated of your vengeance, convinced to shoulder the crusade of a grander cause. Reckoning has been had, my love. Let there be peace, now, maybe even joy, in time.\" \"You were my joy,\" a strangled cry against her breast, as she held him close, folded to her. He lifted his face, gazing at her furiously, longing to…not return to that waking land, refusing to go, without her. \"You, Marcus, you were everything that mattered. I would have cast the Empire, the world for that matter, to half of Hades, if I knew it would have saved you, or could bring you back!\" \"Shh-hush, Maximus,\" she cautioned, a finger upon his lips. \"You shouldn't speak such words. They might be heard, and taken as a vow to… echo in eternity .\" Tenderness dispersed the anxiety of her expression, but a new urgency tainted her voice. \"Besides, where there was love, darling, death is but a temporary mishap in the union of souls,\" reaching down, sinking her fingers into the sand and salt, mixed with his tears and blood, stained like wet rust. He looked to where her eyes motioned, holding open her hand, palm up, damp granules clinging to two carved figurines. Rendered out of rare ivory, the detail of the woman and the boy were so explicit, the old scar above his wife's right temple had been exactly replicated on the miniature sculpture, the boy's face, animated by a child-like delight. Swallowing, throat constricted, he curled his hand over hers, covering the effigies, peering intently into her eyes. \"Take them,\" she entreated, moving their twined hands, grasping the figurines of his wife and son, over his own, beating heart. \"And know, I will always be here .\" \"I don't want to leave you,\" he begged, trying not to sound desperate. He was unable to stem the feeling something was ending in this enchanted delusion, somewhere between worlds. What had started off a nightmare was now the only place he ever wished to be, where she was, even in the afterlife. \"Someday,\" she said, her eyes shining, her forehead against his, in their mirrored posture, upon knees, clasped hands over his chest, \"when you need me not…so much, bury them again, but not in a place of death. Juba meant well, but I would wish them elsewhere, in a place of life, love, joy.\" He nodded, held silent, bringing their hands to his lips, a firm kiss upon their twined fingers. \"Do not doubt those who would share your burdens, or your gifts, Maximus—Lucius Castus.\" She sank back on her heels. With her free hand, she stroked his cheek once more, shaped to his face. \"It's a good name, dearest,\" said with a teasing turn of her full lips. \"Chastity always was a strength of yours; pity the women, if they should take your cognomen literally.\" \"That's not their business to tempt otherwise,\" he insisted, the brief leavening, soured by his fear. \"I don't want to leave,\" he gasped out, a mournful breath. \"Shh—sleep now. And when you wake, know the world will not be so changed from what it has always been. The Dream, Maximus,\" an inexplicable comment in the train of their converse, \"is what waters our days. Of more import, it lends comfort against the cold, dark Night. Your Dream,\" she kissed his lids, soft, light as butterfly wings, as his eyes fell shut, \"is what will keep Us from falling into Darkness.\" He laid back, into her warm embrace, head pillowed upon her soft breasts, the ground beneath, enfolding them in the cradle of Earth. The scent of jasmine, pure clean musk in the air, soothed him into reverie. Maximus woke at the first light of dawn flooding the heavens, peeking through sleepy lashes, blinking, disoriented, at first. He remained on his back, in the gray-blue light, turning ruddy as the sun climbed above the distant mountains. Head pillowed on his elbow, drawing his cloak tighter against the cool morning, he drew a deep breath, the floral aroma of jasmine still hovering, stronger now, in the air. He thought it had been a relic of his dream, the unexpressed yearning in his heart, grieving, but inexplicably without the torment of the previous weeks. Eyes skirted the wasted, scorched earth about, looking up, then, along the courtyard walls, to the arch of the ruined gate. And there, amid the blackened, decaying vines, a glimpse of green. A leaf, tender, timid as yet, and next to it, an emerging blossom, absorbing into its pale petals, the first taste of rose-gilt rays, falling upon the single, new-sprung bud. ~It's only fair to credit where credit is due. ~\"The road to paradise is through the gates of hell,\" comes from a most beautiful novel written by Anne Rice's late sister, Alice Borchardt, called 'The Silver Wolf'. ~The quoted epitaph is actually from the sarcophagus/grave of a Roman woman (yes, a physician); I can't remember the reference I adapted it from, something like 'Working women in Greece and Rome'; or, 'The lives of women in classical Greece and Rome'. I apologize, the woman's name is actually Domnina, and the full cited source, including catalogue number is on my antiquated website, which I haven't updated since it's creation; yet, still exists somehow. ~Lastly, Genoa/Genova was known in Roman times as Ianua (Janus—\"j\"—\"I\", something like that). I was told this by an actual resident and Roman history major who resides in Genova, so if I'm wrong on this, so is she…which I highly doubt. ~I have no idea why Maximus, in his incarnation as Lucius Artorius Castus, is haunting me right now…Th J and the little Scotch doctress are still there; we're just kinda hung-up on Suresnes and Odin, in order to get to the second half of that thread. 'Sigh'… ","Summary":" ~~ \"Where do the strong go to be weak?\" { Firelord , Parke Godwin} ~Many years ago, one of my fav"},{"Movie":"Gladiator","Title":"Lay your Head Down","Author":"Savvy Sammy-13","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10334190","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: This is my first Gladiator Fanfic. I recently watched Gladiator in my history class at school and I found Commodus so unbelievably interesting. Joaquin Phoenix was amazing in that role. So here is what I wrote to fill in the gaps between when Commodus gave his 'Merciful' speech and when he fought Maximus, exploring POV of Lucius, Commodus himself, and Lucilla. Reviews and any criticisms would be appreciated. Thanks ahead of time. \"I wish to see my mother, Uncle.\" Lucius crossed his arms across his chest defiantly as he waited for his uncle Commodus to turn away from the balcony that he was facing. The young boy's small, innocent voice echoed on the stone walls, but Commodus did not turn to face his nephew. Lucius stared hard at his uncle's back. He didn't want to continue being ignored, but then again, he was not sure that he wanted to hear his angry uncle's response. Lucius looked to the guards that stood to his left and to his right behind him. In all of his life in the palace, he had never had as many guards following him or seen as many watching over his uncle. More had been called on to watch him and his mother as well as his uncle. The young boy slicked his tongue out to moisten his dry lips. He knew that his mother sat in a room with far more guards watching her just a few feet away. A nervous ache formed in Lucius's stomach the longer he stared at his uncle's back. Lucius was afraid that his uncle would snap like he had the night before. Commodus had not necessarily threatened him, but he had threatened Lucilla, and the entire incident had unnerved poor Lucius. He had never seen his uncle grit his teeth, yell or clasp onto his mother's arm as tightly as he had the night before. No, his mother was always the voice of reason. She kept Commodus calm, and Lucius knew that his uncle relied on her to comfort him when he was upset. Lucius did not think that his mother would be able to fix this, though. Commodus finally turned away from the balcony and met his nephew's eyes. Lucius sank back a little, immediately losing all of the courage that he had built up. The young boy dropped his arms away from his chest and hung them back innocently to his own sides. Commodus's lips were pressed together tightly and his eyes were red as if perhaps he had shed a few tears. Dark shadows had formed beneath his eyes. Lucius felt as if his own eyes were heavy. After being locked inside his own room, alone for the night, he had not gotten any sleep. He assumed that his uncle had not either. Lucius knew his uncle was angry at him, at his mother, and at Maximus, but he didn't fully understand. His mother had told him that the secrets they were planning were to preserve their lives and the future of Rome. That was why she snuck out late at night to visit Maximus and why she whispered to Senator Gracchus. She told him that what they were doing was not to be mentioned to his uncle Commodus yet, and she made him promise. She had entrusted him, and he got her into trouble. Dread swelled inside of Lucius's stomach at the thought. \"If you will stop pestering me then I may allow you to see her later!\" Commodus suddenly snapped at the boy coldly, hissing the words out through clenched teeth. He lunged forward, leaning down a little to match the boy's level, and Lucius's entire body went rigid with fear. Lucius thought that Commodus was going to raise his hand at him, something that he had never done before, but he did not. Lucius flinched away anyway. He closed his eyes for a second or two before opening them again. \"But why can't I see her now?\" Lucius asked fearfully. The words slipped from his mouth so childlike and quickly that even he could not stop them. A moment later, he wanted to take them back. He stared back at his uncle and his emperor, the man he had admired as if he had been his own father. Commodus glared back at him, unmoving, just seemingly studying the boy. \"I just wanted to see if she was okay,\" Lucius added quietly. He looked to the floor. He hadn't seen his mother since she had been whisked away from him the night before, after he'd sat beside Commodus and listened as he told him stories—strange stories that held threatening tones. His uncle had made his mother cry, and then she had been taken from him. Lucius was frightened of him now. Lucius knew that it was his own fault. He had told his uncle what his mother had told him in confidence. As soon as the words, Maximus the savior of Rome, had spilled from his lips, Commodus had stiffened and Lucius realized his mistake. It was the secret he was not to speak of. \"I'm sorry for telling you what I told you, uncle,\" Lucius whimpered to his uncle. Commodus's face was only inches from Lucius's, so his uncle's next movement was a quick and easy one. His uncle's hand grasped his chin gruffly, tilting his chin so that he was staring directly back into his uncle's angry eyes. \"You're sorry for telling me? You should have told me sooner you dumb boy! At this rate you will never make an emperor!\" Lucius closed his mouth upon realizing that it had dropped open at his uncle's words. He was shocked at his uncle's harsh words, and he could not hide it. \"I…I…I'm sorry uncle. Please do not be angry with me.\" Commodus's eyes softened just a little. He loosened his tight grip on the boy's chin, but he did not release him. \"Your mother will have to pay for what she has done, but you…I hope that you have already realized the mistake you have made, Lucius\" he warned. Lucius nodded quickly and Commodus released the hold he had on his nephew's chin. \"You nearly helped have me killed,\" Commodus clenched his jaws at his own words. He crossed his arms across his own chest. \"I..I..I did not know, uncle,\" Lucius stammered. Commodus turned from Lucius and began pacing. He lowered his hands to hang by his sides and then crossed them back across his chest. He bit at his lip and then reached up to rub at his chin absentmindedly. Lucius swallowed hard. \"What are you doing sir?\" He did not want to stand idly by any longer. His uncle had summoned him from his room but was now ignoring him, and Lucius did not want to be around him. \"I'm trying to decide what I shall do, Lucius…What punishment I shall choose…or if I shall!\" Commodus exploded again. \"Punishment for who?\" the boy squeaked. \"For Maximus? Mother?\" \"Do not even speak his name, Lucius,\" Commodus growled. He stopped pacing immediately and faced his nephew again. After a few moments of silence in which Lucius tried to avoid his uncle's distressed and pained eyes, Commodus motioned to a guard. \"I think it is time that I spoke with my sister,\" he announced. Commodus turned without another word or glance at Lucius. All the boy could do was watch as his uncle disappeared into the room that his mother was in with the guards trailing behind his swishing cape. The guards immediately closed the door back behind them, and Lucius took a few slow steps back until he was leaning his back against the stone balcony ledge. One guard remained on the outside of the door to watch him. Lucius breathed in nervously. His stomach fluttered like the moths that flew into the torch flames when the sun began to set. They flew into their death unknowingly. Lucius rubbed at his chin where his uncle had grabbed him. He had never laid a hand on him before- not like that. Lucius waited and waited, staring at the door as he listened to the muffled voice of his uncle. He tried to piece together parts of what he was saying, but he only caught a word every now and then. The guard that stood in front of the door stared back at him, unmoving and seemingly unaffected by the conversation going on inside. Lucius tried to avoid the man's emotionless eyes. He did not much like the guards. They were always so cold when they carried out the orders they were given. Lucius shuddered at a sudden thought. The guards could come for his mother and him at any moment. If his uncle ordered them to be thrown from the palace…or worse…killed, it would happen. They would kill them with the same, cold, uncaring expressions on their faces. Lucius was beginning to think of walking back to his room when he heard a loud bellow from inside the room. \"Am I not merciful?!\" Lucius jumped at his uncle's roar from inside the room. He instinctively belted toward the door, but the guard reached forward and grabbed him by his outstretched arms. \"No!\" Lucius yelled. \"Let me inside, please!\" he struggled against the guard, but the guard was strong. \"Stand back,\" the guard ordered with a voice that was strangely calm. He held him until Lucius pulled back toward the balcony and away from the door. The guard allowed Lucius to wrench himself away in that direction. He stumbled backwards though, and fell backwards onto his backside. He leapt back to his feet immediately, trying to show no weakness, but the guard did not react to his embarrassing fall. Lucius swallowed the large lump that had found itself in his throat. Tears burned his eyes, and he angrily reached up to wipe his eyes hard. He wanted to see his mother. He had never been treated so by his uncle or the guards. Lucius froze in his place as muffled voices continued on the other side of the door, a little louder as if they were moving closer to the exit. He was still standing there moments later when the door opened and Lucilla was led out by a few guards with Commodus trailing behind her. \"Mother!\" Lucius ran past the guards, arms outstretched to her. Fresh tears rested on Lucilla's cheeks, and upon seeing Lucius, she reached up embarrassedly to wipe them away. \"Lucius,\" she half whispered his name. Lucius wrapped his arms around her waist, and was surprised when she did not return his affections. He stepped back to look at her, examining her for injury, and she stepped away from him, refusing to meet his eyes. \"Mother what is wrong?\" Lucius questioned her curiously. His mother wrenched her eyes up to Commodus who had stopped a few steps away from the both of them. Lucilla opened her mouth as if she wanted to speak, but she did not. Instead, she swallowed hard. Lucius watched the motion travel down the pale skin of her neck. He raised his eyes to follow her gaze all the way to his uncle's face. Commodus's face looked even redder than before. He was breathing heavily, and his jaws were clenched. He was glaring back at his sister, but he finally gave her a curt nod, barely noticeable had Lucius not have been studying him closely. It wasn't until the signal from Commodus that Lucius felt his mother clasp onto his shoulders with both of her hands. She pulled his back to rest against her front protectively. \"You have my permission to escort Lucius to his room at this moment, sister,\" Commodus announced coldly. \"What do you say?\" He then questioned. He motioned to them, but Lucius could tell by his uncle's line of sight that he was only motioning for his mother. \"Thank you, Commodus,\" his mother said quickly. \"Just remember what we spoke of,\" he said as he stepped forward. He motioned for Lucilla to lean in closer. Lucius felt his mother's body stiffen against him. Her hold on Lucius's shoulder became tight, so tight that Lucius felt bruised, but he did not move. His uncle moved directly in front of him and then he leaned in toward Lucilla. Lucius heard his mother's sharp intake of breath and heard the words that his uncle whispered into his mother's ear. \"You may have a few moments with him alone. After that, you will not even look at him without my approval. Do not forget that you are always being watched. There are no more secrets here.\" Lucius's mouth opened slightly. He wanted to speak, but he knew better. He snuck a glance up at his uncle just as he pulled away from the two of them and stepped back. Commodus crossed his arms behind his back and clasped his hands together. \"Lucius, come,\" his mother took him by the hand, something she had not done in a long time, and he allowed her to pull him away gently. She wasted no time in leading him back to his room. Three guards trailed behind them, but they stopped at the curtain that partitioned Lucius's room from the hall. Lucilla led Lucius to his bed and she sat on the edge. He hurriedly sat beside her. \"Lucius, I love you so much, darling,\" his mother said quickly. She released his hand from her clammy one and reached back up to wipe her face. Lucius did not speak. He stared back at his mother's flushed face with a childlike curiosity. Her eyes were still watery from the silent tears that had spilled from them. It was then that he realized he had never heard her cry. He had hardly seen her do so. Her tears were always silent and controlled, as she usually was. \"I'm sorry mother,\" Lucius murmured. \"Do not worry, Lucius,\" she said quickly. \"I've gotten us into terrible trouble haven't I? I would not blame you if you did not love me anymore.\" \"Lucius,\" Lucilla reached down to grasp his chin to tilt his gaze to hers. It was much different than the way that his uncle had done earlier. Her grasp was tender. \"I love you,\" she said. \"And because I love you…that, Lucius, is why you are going to be spending a lot of time with your uncle…and when you do, you are not going to be able to see me as often.\" \"What?\" Lucius demanded loudly. \"Why mother?\" \"Shhh,\" Lucilla released his chin. She reached over and smoothed his hair. \"Come here. Lay your head down. You musn't question it.\" Lucius reluctantly leaned over and laid his head in his mother's lap. She began running her fingers through his hair, gently, soothing him into focusing on her slender fingers running soft circles, and twirling a few strands between her fingers. He closed his eyes, but did not sleep.[Chapter 2] Commodus pinched the bridge of his nose as he walked to Lucius's room. Quietly, he motioned for the guards to leave, and they did. Commodus flattened his back against the wall as he strained his ears to listen to his nephew and sister. \"But why? I don't understand,\" Lucius asked. Commodus shook his head at the boy's persistence and complete lack of knowledge. He leaned his ear closer to the curtain and steadied his breathing. \"Don't question him, Lucius,\" Lucilla warned, and Commodus felt a slight smile form on his lips. She understood that she must obey. A feeling of pride surged in his chest. It swelled and rolled, affecting him like a high for a few seconds before it disappeared altogether. The feeling was quickly replaced with the anger and loneliness he could not seem to shake anymore. Lucilla had been so eager to plot against him. How long had she been planning or waiting for an opportunity? He had been so stupid, admiring her while she plotted behind his back. Commodus gritted his teeth until his jaws ached. \"But you'll still be here. You'll still be living here. I will see you. He cannot keep me from seeing my mother,\" Lucius began again. Commodus peeked through the slight crack in the curtain. Lucilla was gently running her fingers through her son's perfect locks. Her face was tilted down, staring at her son's with a motherly admiration. Commodus clenched his teeth a little tighter. He just could not control the jealousy that he felt for the boy. He had loved the boy…actually loved him, but the boy was so willing to wrong him, just as his mother had. \"Lucius, be polite. Do not defy him. Do you understand me? You must do what he asks you to do, but… remember all of the things I taught you,\" Commodus noted the soft way that Lucilla lowered her voice as if she feared he was listening. He knew that he had her then. She had obviously feared him to begin with. If she felt that she had to have him assassinated, then she must have felt some fear. Commodus closed his eyes as he listened to her soft voice. It was still so hard to believe that his own sister, the one who had kept him company his entire life, the one he had loved— truly loved, would have him killed as if he were nothing but a lame and unworkable animal. \"What does he want? How is this punishment?\" Lucius demanded. \"Keeping us from seeing each other is our punishment?\" \"No, Lucilla murmured. \"You are not going to be punished, as long as you follow his orders.\" \"What are his orders?\" \"You will be okay, dear Lucius. I promise that. I will keep you safe- Commodus moved the curtain and stepped into the room. He could not stand to tarry in his own thoughts any longer. He had heard enough. Lucilla had had enough time with her son. Both mother and son noticed the intrusion at once. Lucilla sat up straighter in her position perched on the edge of the bed, and Lucius sat up, immediately pulling his head from his mother's lap. The boy's eyes were wide. Commodus recognized fear there, but it did not sicken him. In fact, he enjoyed the expression on his nephew's face. \"Come Lucilla. That is enough.\" She hesitated as if she were afraid and he raised his eyebrows at her. \"Now,\" he snapped as he reached out his hand. Lucilla breathed in deeply. She reached over and took her son's hand as she stood up. She then leaned over and kissed his cheek. Lucilla locked eyes with Commodus as she strode towards him. She lowered her eyes to his hand before she hesitantly lowered hers to his. He closed his fingers around her hand. Instead of leaning over to politely kiss it as he usually did, he turned and roughly led her from her son's room. The curtain swished back behind them, leaving the boy sitting alone on the edge of his bed. Commodus walked briskly, and he could feel Lucilla still hesitating behind him, causing him to pull her along by her hand. She reached down and gathered the material of her gown so she would not trip. \"Commodus where are we going?\" she asked. Lucilla's question echoed in his mind. Where were they going? Commodus was not so sure that he had a destination in place when he tore her away from her son. \"Commodus!\" her voice was much more stern. It was obvious that she wanted his attention. With her hand still clasped tightly in his, Commodus turned back to her abruptly, catching her off guard. She leaned backwards to keep their bodies from crashing together. He breathed in deeply. Her lips were so close to his until she turned her head slightly away from him. He tightened his grip on her hand and stared at her until she finally spoke. \"Commodus, you should rest…you look as though-\" \"What? I look as though I did not sleep?\" he interrupted her. \"How could I rest? There was much to be done last night.\" He smiled at the thought of his assassins and their deeds the night before. Lucilla looked to the ground, avoiding his eyes. He had not necessarily told her, but he knew that she already knew that he had taken care of what he saw fit. \"What are we doing, Commodus,\" she finally asked, bringing her eyes back to his. Commodus moistened his lips. It pained him…being so close to her yet so far away…so far away because she had betrayed him. \"What is in your head, Commodus? You can talk to me,\" Lucilla once again sounded sisterly and loving, and Commodus felt his shoulders slouch. He reached up to wipe the sudden outbreak of sweat off of his forehead with the back of his free hand. The other hand, he still held tightly around hers. He wasn't even sure what he was going to do before she sidetracked him. Had his plan been to take her to his room? \"I will listen,\" Lucilla said again, interrupting his thoughts. Commodus nodded to her, incapable of doing much else. \"Let us stop here at the balcony,\" she whispered, and Commodus released her hand. He followed her to the balcony and stopped beside her as he tried to regain his composure. Lucilla stared straight ahead into the sunlight. Her hands were perched on the stone wall of the balcony. It met both she and Commodus at nearly chest high. Commodus turned his head to stare at her. The sunlight glistened in her golden hair. Much of it had fallen from its place and hung in delicate tendrils, framing her face. She looked tired, or maybe just worried, but her skin, other than begin slightly puffy from crying, looked flawless in the mid-morning sun. He watched her chest rise and fall with her breathing. They were breaths that he could tell she was trying her best to regulate in attempt to keep her fear hidden. Her beauty in the sunlight took his breath away. The admiration he had for her was still there. She was so composed, even in the face of uncertainty. She looked remarkably similar to the way she had when their mother had died, and much more the way she looked when she found out that their father was dead. She was his sister and his only support, but she had also planned his overthrow and assassination. Commodus closed his eyes for a moment. His head ached. He had been betrayed by the one person he put every ounce of his trust into. But his head was not the only part of him that ached. His heart ached, his muscles ached as if he had run and run, and his hands ached with the want to reach out and touch his sister. He was not sure if he wanted to gently clasp her shoulder or violently wring her neck. He had fought the urge to reach out and brush his fingers against her lips for so long. He only wanted to love her. It was an urge he had fought for as long as he could remember. \"Do you remember when we were very little,\" Commodus paused to clear his throat. \"And we snuck away from the guards, sister?\" Lucilla did not respond to his question for a few brief seconds, and he stared at her, losing more and more patience the longer he did. Finally, she glanced down to her hands, still propped on the wall. \"I remember many occasions in which we did so,\" she answered. Commodus smiled an almost painful smile at the happy memories. He was so angry at her, but not at the same time. He was hurt by her, but he loved her so much. He also remembered many occasions in which they snuck away from the guards who were supposed to watch them. They explored the palace, even the areas where they were forbidden to go. They usually giggled so loud that they were found and taken back to their own rooms. They were both so innocent and without a care in the world. \"Yes. Well…I…I am speaking of the time when we snuck away and…\" he paused to moisten his dry lips. \"And I was jumping down the stone steps that father told me to stay away from, taking them a few at the time, although you warned me not too, and I fell and I knocked myself unconscious on the stone. Do you remember that day?\" \"I could not forget that, Commodus,\" Lucilla said softly. She turned to face him finally, and Commodus felt lighter immediately, almost letting himself forget everything she had recently done to defy and hurt him. He was lost in the memories, remembering when life was as simple as following his older sister around the palace, laughing and avoiding the guards. \"I carried you back to father…in my arms the entire way. You were bleeding and I feared that you were dead,\" Lucilla murmured. \"I was so frightened.\" Commodus smiled sincerely. \"I remember waking with my head resting on your shoulder,\" he murmured as he reached out and cupped his hand over her bare shoulder. \"Right here,\" He squeezed her soft skin gently. \"I had bled all over your dress, but you did not seem to mind.\" Lucilla's eyes did not leave his, but she swallowed hard as if she was trying to maintain composure. He could sense the rejection coming once again. She always put up that wall he could not break through. It was not fair to love someone with a love that felt so strong even he could not comprehend it— to be rejected by her so many times although she never spoke the specific words of rejection. \"My head hurt so badly, but I felt so safe. I have always felt so safe with you. You have always been so strong…so headstrong,\" Commodus murmured. Lucilla did not seem affected by his words. \"I remember that even days after I had fallen…when you and I walked down the stone steps where I had fallen, you would grasp my arm as if you thought I would stumble again.\" \"You hurt yourself quite often when you were young,\" Lucilla murmured. \"Indeed I did,\" Commodus said softly. \"You were much closer to me when we were younger, Lucilla. I remember when father always told you to keep careful watch over me when I was young…and you did,\" he stared into her eyes, searching for any sign of an emotion other than the fear and uncertainty that he knew he had put there. \"He trusted you…Just a young girl to take care of me.\" Lucilla nodded. \"But when I grew older and I, as most boys do, grew much stronger than you, he did not tell me the same,\" Commodus continued. \"He never told me to keep careful watch over you, my sister,\" He could feel his anger coming back to the surface—anger at his father and anger at Lucilla's abandonment. \"Because he knew that you would. He knew that you loved me,\" Lucilla said quickly, blurting out the words as if she sensed his change. \"What did father tell you?\" Commodus asked, removing his hand from her shoulder and placing his hand heavily over one of hers, weighing it down on the stone ledge. \"What?\" Lucilla asked innocently. \"When?\" \"You know when,\" Commodus said a little colder than even he expected. Lucilla shook her head. Her eyes searched his. \"I don't know what you are speaking of I-\" \"Before you stopped…keeping me company when I had nightmares or sharing my bed to tell me stories when my mind was so restless that I could not sleep,\" Commodus interrupted her. \"You allowed me to rest my head in your lap as you allow Lucius. You ran your fingers through my hair. We whispered secrets in the darkness-\" \"Lucius is my son, Commodus. He's a child-\" \"You spoke so sweetly,\" he interrupted her. You were a child,\" she said quickly. \"You are no longer that child.\" \"No. You were much closer to me when I was no longer a child as well. You do not know how terribly I long for that feeling. I want you to hold me to you. I want to feel your warmth…your heartbeat against my face. My bed is so cold. My dreams keep me from resting. I lay awake at night, wondering if you are sleeping as blissfully as you did when we were children…because I no longer can.\" The tension in Lucilla's face disappeared, and she breathed out tiredly. Commodus knew that she remembered what their father had spoken of. Commodus knew then that he had been right about his father doing so. He squeezed her hand a little harder. Nothing about the grasp was tender. She opened her mouth to speak, but she looked down to his hand. \"Commodus…\" \"Tell me,\" he ordered. \"I know that he was the cause of your sudden coldness toward me. I knew that he had spoken to you, but I never asked you. I never asked him.\" \"It was before I was to get married, Commodus. Father told me that I should be careful. He told me that I would soon be a married woman- something that I had not realized until then. You must understand. He knew that you loved me…very much. It…it worried him.\" \"It worried him?\" Commodus repeated. \"Commodus I do not want you to be angry with me...\" \"Then tell me the truth,\" he growled. \"Father saw what I did not. The affection that I considered innocent from you was not so innocent in his eyes,\" Lucilla blurted out. Commodus squinted back at his sister but had to look away from her. He released her hand and leaned over the stone, resting his elbows and placing his hands over his face. \"Brother… he would not approve of this,\" her voice was barely above a whisper, and after a few moments of silence, he slowly allowed his eyes to drift back up to hers. He stared at her for a moment, trying to compose himself. \"Of what would father not approve, dear sister ?\" She inhaled and exhaled, dropping her eyes away from his. She glanced to the guards standing not far away before answering him. \"Of us…you and I….and your plans. He would not approve of your thoughts. You know that.\" \"Well father is no longer alive, is he? Besides, do you truly believe that he would have approved of your plans to assassinate me? Your own brother?\" His words were cold. \"Well perhaps he would have. He clearly loved you more than he loved me. He did not love me at all,\" Commodus continued coldly. \"That's not true, Commodus. He did love you.\" \"Well why was he so worried that I would ruin things?\" \"He was afraid I would ruin you …ruin Rome …ruin everything because he did not trust me,\" he hissed. Lucilla stared back at him, unmoving, but Commodus knew that she was thinking hard. The thoughts in her mind were moving fast. He wondered if she had ever suspected that he had taken their father's life. If she had, she had not let it show…just as she had not let her other secrets and true feelings of him show…well until that very moment that they stood on the balcony. \"Commodus,\" she began. \"I need to hear the truth from you…about father.\" Commodus flicked his tongue over his dry lips and glanced to the stone that his hands rested on. He smiled a fleeting smile. \"I know that you already know the answer to that question, dear sister,\" he murmured. \"I'm sure your beloved savior of Rome has already told you.\" She inhaled sharply. Commodus knew that if the guards were not standing not far away, and he had not threatened her son, his sister would have left him standing there. She would have probably left the palace altogether. \"Father loved you ,\" she whispered. Her voice was nearly overcome by the new emotion in her voice. \"He knew that this was not what was best for you. Look what you have done.\" \"Look what you have done!\" he roared back at her. Lucilla regained her composure, but she tightened her jaws. Commodus stared back at his sister until his breathing slowed a little. \"I am what is best for Rome …and for you . With father now gone, what are you really? Without me what are you? You will forgive me…just as I am forgiving you for your own disloyalty,\" he lowered his voice a little. \"I do not know how much I will be able to trust you…but-\" \"I cannot forgive you for all that you have done,\" Lucilla spat out. \"Well what will become of poor Lucius?\" Commodus questioned calmly. He stared at her for a few moments. He could see her losing her composure. Lucilla's eyes became tear-filled, and she bit down on her bottom lip. She inhaled shakily. \"Please do not hurt him. He is so innocent,\" she whispered. Commodus turned from her and looked back into the sunlight over the balcony. He could feel his own eyes burning. \"I suggest that you cooperate and forgive me then,\" he said simply. His own words sounded cold and uncaring. \"Commodus, you have to understand why I did what I did. It is unfair what you have been doing. When you killed father…what you did to Maxim-,\" she paused before fully saying his name. \"And his family…His wife and child.\" \"You have to understand-\" Lucilla pleaded again. \"I forgive you,\" Commodus interrupted her softly. Still gazing out over the balcony, he held out his hand to her, once again tempting her obedience and trying to show her the love that he had always wanted to- the affection she either blocked out or refused completely. He waited a second…another…and another before he felt her hand slip into his. He gently clasped his fingers around her hand and turned back to face her. She looked as though she was struggling to maintain composure. Keeping his eyes locked on hers, he slowly raised her hand to his lips. Lucilla closed her eyes, and he paused. He relished the feeling of his lips on her skin even if it was just her hand. \"It is not unheard of, sister…That brother and sister love each other,\" he murmured as he finally lowered her hand. \"Father did not raise us to love each other in that way,\" she whispered. \"Father no longer has a hold over us… or over Rome.\" Commodus bit down on his bottom lip. The feelings—the urges he felt were those of a confused man. He wanted her, he wanted to love her, but he always wanted to punish her…to make her obey him and pay for what she had already done. \"Go to your room, Lucilla. Rest because you will go to the coliseum at noon,\" he clenched his fists on the stone and turned back to the balcony. Lucilla glanced back to him as if she was surprised, but she turned and left, gathering her skirts and rushing away from him.[Chapter 3] Lucilla followed two guards, and two more guards trailed behind her…far enough that they would not trod on her trailing dress. It was a dress that Commodus had sent to her room. She stared ahead. At the end of the hall, Commodus already stood. His golden crown glistened, and he was dressed for the coliseum. Beside him, Lucius stood still. A few more guards surrounded her boy as if they believed he would do something wrong. It pained her to see her son subjected to everything. Lucilla took a deep breath. She had not rested. She had sat on the edge of her bed or paced. With every noise outside of her room, she expected Commodus to be there. A part of her had expected him to come to her room, but thankfully he had not. \"Did you rest well, Sister?\" Commodus asked, but Lucilla sensed no real concern in his voice. Lucilla nodded a nod that was barely a nod, but Commodus accepted the answer. He reached over and touched his nephew's shoulder. Lucius glanced up to his uncle's face, and Commodus nodded to him. Lucius stepped closer to Lucilla, and Lucilla gave her son a forced smile, but she did not reach out to him as she wanted too. \"Well I am off to ready myself,\" Commodus finally spoke. Lucilla did not glance up to him. Instead she looked down to the ground. Surely Maximus would be able to gain the upper hand if Commodus was actually going to fight him. The true gladiator would prevail right? Lucilla at least hoped that Commodus would remain fair, but she had her doubts. She was afraid that she was going to witness Maximus's murder in front of the masses of Rome and at the hands of her brother. \"Lucilla, will you not kiss your brothe- your emperor ?\" Commodus interrupted her thoughts. A smirk formed on his lips, and his eyes flicked in Lucius's direction. \"For good luck?\" Lucilla stared back at her brother. Just moments before, he had lovingly recalled the stories of their childhood and then threatened her and her son. His quick changes were one of the reasons she had begun to fear him quite some time ago. She took a deep breath before she moved forward to rest her hand on her brother's shoulder. He was unpredictable. \"Hail Cesar,\" she said softly, making it a point that she stared into his eyes. She grasped his right cheek and chin tenderly. Lucilla leaned out and pressed her lips to his cheek, a simple, loving gesture that she knew that Lucius had seen more times than he could count. He would not think it odd. She pressed her lips to her brother's warm, flushed face softly and then pulled away. \"That's not what I meant,\" he snapped coldly, catching her wrist in his hand as she pulled it away from his cheek. Lucilla raised her eyes to her brother's nearly identical ones. He tilted his chin up a little. She looked to his lips. The much more personal sign of affection the he longed for was exactly what she had expected for him to ask for. She knew that he had wanted that many times when he asked for a kiss, but he accepted her it on his cheek. This time he was not going to settle. It was as if he was testing her, in front of her son, in front of all of the guards. She was embarrassed already. She leaned in slightly. She could feel the blood pounding at her temples, flushing her cheeks, and when she neared him, she closed her eyes, slowing her movement so that she could gently peck his lips as she had with his cheek. Before she could press her lips to his, he leaned forward and met hers. Lucilla released his cheek, and he placed his hand at her neck, caressing her as he kissed her with a kiss that she only wanted to escape from. With Lucius at her side, Commodus kissed her hard, drinking her in as if he was completely parched and she was the only source of water. He was desperate. She pulled away a little, but he followed her, pushing her head farther back like a young, inexperienced teenager. He kept his grip tight on her wrist, and she feared that her skin would be bruised. Tears threatened to spill from her closed eyes, and the painful lump grew in her throat. She fought the urge to reach out and push him away from her, afraid of what he would do. He kissed her as if it their first real kiss would be their last, and secretly, she hoped it would be. When he finally pulled away, he breathed in heavily, and just as she opened her eyes, he laid his warm forehead against hers heavily. His breath warmed her face. She closed her eyes again and breathed in deeply, trying to remain still and remain calm, allowing him to lean into her. He seemed to be having a hard time regaining his composure. His weight nearly made her stumble back. He wore armor that only made it increasingly harder to withstand his weight against her. She inhaled his familiar scent, not at all as purposely as he inhaled hers. \"You wounded me, Lucilla,\" he whispered against her face. \" You wounded me ….like father did. You even turned Lucius away from me. I truly loved him too, but…. I…. still love you.\" A shiver traveled down her spine and tingled at her arms and legs. His breath was warm…no hot against her skin. \"I love you. I always loved you…but you have never loved me ,\" he whispered the words, and his voice changed. It cracked painfully, and Lucilla could feel the pain in his voice. It was like the pain of a wounded child, reminding her of when he was young and skinned his knee or when he was not allowed to go out and play with the other young boys. He pulled his forehead away but moved his face to rest in the crook of her neck. She shivered visibly when his breath met her soft skin. \"I loved you, Commodus. You are my brother. I loved you as my brother …\" she paused, unsure what to say or what to do. She was also in pain. Her throat ached with a sob that was trapped. It was a sob for herself, for Lucius, for Maximus, for Rome, and for Commodus himself. She closed her eyes once again as she felt his lips on her neck. He kissed her softly. \"Am I that atrocious ? His voice cracked painfully as he pulled his face away from her neck. Lucilla opened her eyes, but she did not speak. His pressed his lips together tightly. The sadness on his face quickly turned to anger. \"You will love me. I will show you how easily you can love me. How you will change your mind,\" he gritted through his teeth. \"I want to leave a legacy. We can leave a legacy that will control Rome….a pure heir…We will be remembered…you and I.\" Lucilla tried to hide the disgust on her face. How many times had she laid beside him and told him to lay his head upon her lap, not realizing just how deeply his proclaimed love for her was. Not realizing that the nightmares that plagued him were not just of disasters and death. Not until just after her father's death had her suspicions of her brother's feelings began to come to the light. Her father had told her early on, but it was not until she was a widow that she recognized his feelings herself. They were no longer children or teenagers. He was a man now- a disturbed and confused man with power to bend her to his will. \"May I sit beside my son?\" She felt her eye lids flutter a little at the permission she had to ask for, and she worried of his reaction to her interrupting him. Commodus looked to Lucius. His expression seemed to lighten a little, though, and Lucilla breathed out in relief. \"You may.\" \"I'm going to have a talk with your beloved Maximus before our fight. I expect you to be in your regular seat. It will be something you do not want you to miss…Something that you will not miss.\" She nodded to him. He stared at her for a moment longer and then turned away, taking a piece of white armor from the guard closest to him. Lucilla watched him leave. He strode with his head held high. Lucilla reached up to touch her lips with the tip of her finger, and then glanced down to the top of her son's head. If not for Lucius, Lucilla would kill herself. Commodus even knew that. She would escape from the chaos she knew her brother was sure to cause. As it crossed her mind, the thought surprised her. She reached down and rested her palm on her son's head. What was Lucius going to be subjected to? Perhaps she could end it for the both of them painlessly. She removed her hand and clasped it over her mouth. The thought sickened her, but appealed to her all at the same time. \"He will kill Maximus,\" Lucius concluded as he looked up to her. \"He will try,\" Lucilla answered her son softly, studying the innocence in his eyes. \"He could kill you ,\" the boy continued. \"He will not kill me,\" Lucilla murmured. \"And I…He will kill me as well. I don't want to die mother\" Lucilla cleared the earlier thoughts from her head immediately. Her stomach lurched. \"No he will not. He is your uncle. He cares for you too much.\" Lucilla tried to make her son feel better, but she was not so sure that she believed herself. \"He cares for both of us. We are all that he has left.\" \"What's wrong with him mother? What has happened? Why is he acting this way?\" \"He is confused, Lucius. He is hurting and he has been for a long time.\" \"Well what can we do, mother?\" Lucilla glanced down to her son, and a tear slipped from her eye. She reached up to wipe it away quickly. \"There is nothing that we can do for him, my son. Pray for him…and pray for us.\" ","Summary":" Author's Note: This is my first Gladiator Fanfic. I recently watched Gladiator in my history class "},{"Movie":"King Kong","Title":"Tickle Monster","Author":"MissFeral","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12277417","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The men from Venture were hiking through the humid jungle, searching high and low for poor Ann Darrow. They were sweaty, dirty, dehydrated, and exhausted. The rescue party had been through hell already. This island was no paradise. The savage natives, man-eating dinosaurs, and colossal insects were the stuff from their darkest nightmares. And things were not about to get any better… \"I hope the camera keeps working,\" muttered Carl Denham as he fumbled with his movie supplies. \"Screw you and that camera,\" Lumpy growled, having become quite pissed at the filmmaker's obsession with his camera. Jack Driscoll glanced around as they walked, sensing that they were being watched. He stayed close by Jimmy's side, feeling protective of him as one would feel toward a little brother. Lumpy and Choy stuck close together since they were best buds. Hayes led the group through the trees, keeping his machine gun firmly plastered in his hands. Suddenly, Jack froze and listened intently to the surroundings. \"Is something wrong?\" asked Jimmy. \"Sssh, I hear something,\" Jack whispered. \"What is it?\" \"It sounds like…breathing.\" Jimmy listened and he heard it too…a steady breathing sound coming from the earth. Then something strange happened. Jack and Jimmy felt the ground move beneath their feet. Before they could even shout to warn the others, the dirt crumbled away and a tall cone-shaped head emerged from the ground. It was a frightful, purple beast with enormous goggly eyes. Its octopus-like tentacles were as long as buses. At the end of each tentacle, there was a large claw with human-like fingers. The creature roared like a dinosaur and wriggled its tentacles as if looking for something to grab. The men held up their guns and tried to fire, but the monster knocked the guns from their hands. Then the monster stretched out a long purple tentacle and grabbed Jimmy by the ankles, lifting him high into the air. \"Put me down! Shoot it! Shoot it!\" Jimmy yelled as he dangled upside down. Then another tentacle reached out and grabbed Lumpy's hands. The creature pulled him into the air by his wrists. Lumpy shouted and kicked his legs frantically but the tentacle wouldn't let him go. The same thing happened to Choy – the creature grabbed his wrists and held him up in the air, allowing him to do nothing except kick his legs. More tentacles appeared and snatched up Denham, Hayes, Preston, and Jack. But as the tentacle's hand-like claw grabbed Jack's ankle and dragged him along the ground for a moment, Jack managed to snatch one of their fallen guns. The terrified crewmen were all caught in the clutches of this ferocious, purple, octopus monster and were certain the beast was going to eat them alive. Jack fumbled with the gun as he was held upside down by his ankle. He aimed at the tentacle and got ready to pull the trigger. Then he stopped when he heard Lumpy and Choy burst out laughing. Jack looked over and saw that the monster had ripped open their shirts and was using its claws to gently scratch their stomachs and sides. \"AAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA STOOOP! THAT TICKLES!\" Lumpy shrieked as a long finger dug into his exposed belly button. Choy squealed and giggled as the tentacle caressed his stomach. Then he screamed when the fingers moved upward and scribbled in his underarms. Jack couldn't believe his eyes. They had stumbled upon a real, live, tickle monster! Lumpy and Choy were turning red in the face from laughing so hard. With the monster holding them up by the arms, there was nothing they could do except kick their legs. Their vulnerable torsos were at the mercy of this horrible beast. \"HEEHEEHEEHEEHEHEEHEE! NOOO HEEHEEHEEHEHEEHEE! DO NOT TICKLE ME! PLEASE!\" Choy screamed, trying desperately to pull his arms down so he could protect his sensitive pits. \"HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! NOOOO STOP IT!\" Lumpy wailed as the monster tickled his stomach and belly button mercilessly. Then it got worse for ol' Lumpy… Another tentacle sprang forward and grabbed his right ankle, holding it securely so Lumpy couldn't pull it away. Then with its spider-like fingers, the monster removed Lumpy's shoe and began tickling his bare foot! \"WAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA OH GOOOOD PLEEEEEEASE! NOT THE FEET!\" Lumpy screamed, tears running down his red cheeks. Meanwhile, Denham was being held up by his arms in the same way. He was staring towards the ground to see if he could spot his camera, which he had dropped when the monster snatched him. Then a deer-in-the-headlights look flashed across his face when he saw one of the tentacles, with wiggling fingers, slowly moving towards him… \"No, no…stay back!\" Denham said, nervously. \"If you stay away…I'll give you some chocolate. Okay?\" The tentacle crawled into his shirt… \"No…s-stop! Don't tickle!\" he snorted as the tentacle slithered around on his bare torso. Denham held his breath and tried not to laugh, but it was hopeless. The claws began digging into his ribs and Denham exploded with laughter. \"OOOOOOHH HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA CUT IT OUT! HEEHEEHEEHEEHEEHEE! QUIT TICKLING!\" Denham squealed, kicking his legs wildly in the air. Jimmy was scared to death that he was going to be tickled too. He wanted to get free but he was being held upside down and if he fell now, he would land right on his head. Suddenly, Jimmy felt something pulling at his shoes. \"Oh no…\" he whimpered. A tentacle removed his shoes and tossed them deep into the jungle. Now Jimmy's sweaty bare feet were exposed and vulnerable. \"Dear God, please, no!\" Jimmy pleaded with the monster, \"Don't tickle my feet! I can't stand to be tickled on my feet.\" The evil monster began to scribble its fingers all over Jimmy's smooth, pink soles. \"AAAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! NOOOOO! PLEEEEEEASE STOOOOOP!\" Jimmy screamed as his bare feet were tickled. The cruel fingers continued tickling even when Jimmy's face turned crimson and sweat streamed down his head. His tears fell to the ground like rain. The monster held back his ten toes with one tentacle, and tickled under them with another. \"NOOOOO NOT THE TOES! AAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! SOMEBODY HELP ME! PLEASE PLEEEEASE!\" Jimmy shrieked, hoping desperately that one of his companions would come to his rescue. But all of the others were being tickled silly too. Lumpy and Choy were shedding endless tears of mirth and having convulsions as the monster tickled their bellies, armpits, and feet. Denham was getting his ribs tickled and he was in hysterics too. Jack was the only one who the monster hadn't tortured yet. Jack was still being held up by just one ankle. He was still holding the gun but was too distracted at the moment to think of firing it. Only when he felt his shoe being pulled off did he snap out of it. \"Hey! Stop!\" Jack scolded, aiming the gun and blowing a big bloody hole right through the monster's tentacle. The beast roared in pain and dropped Jack on the ground. Then Jack began shooting the rest of the tentacles, making the beast drop all of his friends. He kept shooting holes through the monster until it stopped moving. \"Is everyone alright?\" asked Jack. \"Damn, I never knew I was so ticklish,\" said Denham, catching his breath. \"Hey…where's the camera? Does anyone see the camera?\" \"Come on, we have to keep moving,\" Hayes told them. The exhausted group took one last look at the body of the terrifying tickle monster and then headed off again on their rescue mission. The End ","Summary":" The men from Venture were hiking through the humid jungle, searching high and low for poor Ann Darr"},{"Movie":"King Kong","Title":"Chaos On Skull Island","Author":"MissFeral","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12274475","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"She's gone!\" cried Jack Driscoll. The crew of Venture had hurried back to the island in search of the kidnapped Ann Darrow but she had already been taken by the mysterious beast behind the wall known as \"Kong\". She had been chosen by the terrifying natives and offered as their sacrificial lamb. The crew had to rescue her as soon as possible. Captain Englehorn organized a search party with Jack Driscoll, Carl Denham, Hayes, Jimmy, Lumpy, Choy, and a dozen other sailors. There was no time to lose. But before they could go any further, a mob of natives ambushed them and knocked the guns from their hands. The crew members were stripped naked, tied up, and hung upside down by their ankles. The hapless men could do nothing but dangle and look around at the frightening, malicious faces that surrounded them. Jack and Carl Denham were the only ones to escape. They ran to a secluded area and hid in the rocks, blocked from the view of savage natives. From the shadows, the pair watched as their fellow crewmen were hung upside down and prepared for who-knows-what. Denham never let go of his beloved camera. He held it his arms as he watched the scene. Jack tried to think of a way to rescue them. The natives shouted and jeered at their hapless prisoners, who were looking at them like scared rabbits. The crew was especially embarrassed since their bare asses and penises were on display for the whole tribe. Englehorn, Lumpy, and Jimmy were all hanging next to each other. Their faces grew reddish as the blood rushed to their heads. Then a native girl came forward from the crowd. She appeared to be twenty years old. Her skin was black as ebony and her hair reached all the way down to her knees. She was scantily clad in a sarong and wore oversized earrings. Her eyes were large and deep and mysterious. Her fingernails were very long. She was quite beautiful. She walked up to Jimmy and stood motionless beside him. Then she looked over at the tribe elders and waited until they gave her a signal. Then she began to tickle his exposed bare feet. Jimmy burst into laughter instantly. He squirmed frantically but he was completely immobilized. He could only dangle and wiggle like a worm on a hook. \"NOOOO HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! PLEASE STAHAHAHAHAHAP!\" Jimmy screamed. From their hiding place, Jack and Denham watched this scene with wide eyes and dropped jaws. Denham set up his camera and starting filming. \"What the hell do you think you're doing?\" Jack demanded. \"I've got to get this on film,\" Denham answered, intrigued. \"We have to rescue them,\" Jack said, concerned. \"Here's my plan…I can see some of the guns we dropped over there. So I'll sneak over and try to grab one.\" \"Huh? Oh…yeah…you do that,\" Denham replied, unable to take his eyes off the horrible torture that was being inflicted on young Jimmy. \"HEEHEEHEEHEEHEEHEE HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! HELP! OH GOD NOOOO!\" Jimmy shrieked as the girl tickled him under the toes. His feet were super soft and pink and deathly ticklish. Englehorn and Lumpy cringed and waited fearfully for their turns, for they were next in line. Tears poured from Jimmy's eyes and landed in the mud beneath him. His face turned redder than ever before. \"PLEASE STOP HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! PLEASE PLEEEEASE!\" he howled, terrified that he would die from laughter. To his surprise, the native girl did stop. She then moved over to Captain Englehorn. \"NO! For God's sake! Don't do it!\" cried Englehorn as her cold nails made contact with his naked soles. She started by lightly running a single finger up and down his delicate sole, which made him squirm and giggle like a school boy. Then she went to scribbling wildly on his soles and the captain howled with laughter. \"OOOOOH HAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA! STOP IT HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA I CAN'T STAND IT!\" Englehorn wailed, tears forming in his eyes. The native girl giggled. She was really enjoying this. From their hiding place in the rocks, Denham was still filming and Jack was waiting for the right moment to sneak out and grab a gun – he had to be careful because if one of the savages spotted him, their chance of surviving would be over. \"STAHAHAHAHAHAP! AAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA OOOHOHOHOHOHOHOHO! DAMN IT HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA NO MORE!\" Englehorn screamed, having trouble breathing. Then the native girl stopped tickling him and moved over to Lumpy. \"No, don't, don't!\" Lumpy begged her, \"Not my feet. Anywhere but there!\" The girl knew he was terrified and that made her grin devilishly. In fact, the whole tribe was grinning and snickering…their smiles were downright demonic. She began scratching Lumpy's bare soles mercilessly. He screamed and laughed hysterically. \"AAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! OH GOD OH GOD! NOOOO HAHAHAHAHAAAAHAHAHAAHAHAHAA! OOOOOOHH MOTHER! MOTHER!\" Still filming, Denham never even blinked. He could barely believe what he was witnessing. \"Oh Lord, this is priceless,\" he quipped, \"I can't miss one second of this.\" \"For God's sake, Denham!\" Jack scolded, really starting to get annoyed. \"They are being brutally tortured!\" Denham didn't reply…He just kept on filming. Jack couldn't wait any longer to act. He couldn't bear to just sit around and risk watching his fellow crewmen die a most humiliating death. The native girl continued scribbling on Lumpy's beefy soles. His feet smelled really bad but that didn't bother her. She began to dig her fingers between his plump toes. \"NOT THERE PLEASE! NONONONO AAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! OOOOOOOOOOHH HAVE MEEEERCY!\" Lumpy shrieked as his tears splashed into the ground below him. Soon all of the other natives joined in and began tickling all of the helpless crewmen at once. The screams of laughter echoed all around the island, waking up the animals in the jungle. Their pleas for relief were cruelly ignored. Jimmy and Lumpy laughed so hard that they peed and sprayed the natives that were tickling them. Englehorn and Hayes threw up and since they were hanging upside down, their puke dribbled down into their noses and eyes. The poor crewmen were positive that they had died and gone to Hell. Jack moved as swiftly and quietly as he could. He managed to snatch one of the pistols and fired it in the air, shocking all of the natives. They stopped tickling the crew and fled from sight. Denham was still filming, his eyes wide as coconuts. When all the savages were gone, Jack ran to his exhausted friends and released them as quickly as he could. The poor guys were all sweaty, sobbing, giggling wrecks. Jimmy even grabbed Jack and hugged him tightly. The young man was still crying from the brutal tickle torture he had endured. \"It's okay…It's going to be okay,\" Jack told him, soothingly. \"Just calm down, Jimmy. You're safe now. Denham! Get your ass over here and help me get the rest of these people free!\" After everyone was released, they went back to the ship to get new clothes (since they were all nude). Then they rushed back to the island, armed with machine guns, and got started on their journey to search for Ann. The End ","Summary":" \"She's gone!\" cried Jack Driscoll. The crew of Venture had hurried back to the island in search o"},{"Movie":"King Kong","Title":"A Friendship among Enemies (A King Kong Fan-Fiction)","Author":"Whilyeccentric","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12183930","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Friendship among Enemies By Mr. Eccentric Introduction: The morning sun arose swiftly above Skull Island and its thick jungle canopies. Skull Island…a mangled-looking island located somewhere on the face of this wide planet, among its vast oceans. Walking among its shrinking flatlands and overgrown jungles were not only prehistoric monstrosities but abominations of modern evolution. Huge, flesh eating fish patrolled the lakes and waterways of the island's interior. Giant bugs and arthropods ruled the thick jungles and unspeakable, hideous creatures prowled the deep chasms that cut through the island. Every moment on this island was a savage fight for survival with only one salvation. Size. On Skull Island it was grow big and fast or risk being picked-off by the grisly predators or giant bugs. And one of the biggest and most powerful was the 25 foot gorilla, Kong. In later years, he would be known as \"King Kong: The 8th Wonder of the World\". Not really a king, he didn't really rule over anything, nor was he a tyrannical or overbearing presence. He was just a simple being who would prefer to live-out the remainder of his lonely life, in peace. As I said, the bigger you were on Skull Island, the better your chances of survival. The problem with Kong's species is that their young took too long to grow to suitable size. Not to mention parents often taught their children how to survive and forage for food in a land that rarely gave you a second chance if you made a mistake. The young of Kong's kind took far too long to attain self-sufficiency, unlike the successful dinosaurian and arthropod creatures around them. And so, Kong was left alone, his species practically extinct already, the last member of his kind. Forced into solitary, alone with his thoughts and savagery. It could certainly drive anyone to ill-tempered madness. Meeting: In the realm of man, the year was 1931 but on Skull Island, it was just the start of another day, in the cruelest environment Mother Nature herself could devise. With the first light of dawn came the thunderous roars of territorial dinosaurs, eager to once again pronounce their claim over the stretches of land they called their own. The sun brought its usual hot and humid tropical warmth that heated the island from the cold of the previous night. Barely 9:00 in the A.M. and the heat was already in full swing and the day brightly lit. Working his way through the dense jungles was Kong himself. Though he rather not, he descended from his mountain lair, down into the hellish jungle below to seek-out food. He took the island's literal \"high road\", swinging over a series of cliff and chasms to ensure nothing could follow him. Kong looked just like any average gorilla, only far bigger, reaching a height of 25 feet tall. He has a brutishly muscular build with massive arms as thick as the pillars of a building. He was covered in a scruffy black fur that thinned along his gut and pectorals. Like all male gorillas, the hairs on his back were not black but greyish, a classic sign of masculinity and dominance. Covering his body were a collection of pink scars, each inflicted from a past battle with various carnivorous creatures, daring enough to attack something his size. They were plentiful and numerous, often taking the form of a claw mark. Each told a story of Kong's solitary, hard-knock life on the island and his iron-will determination to survive. His human-like face had an eternal, grumpy scowl on it, like it refused to show any happy or slightly positive expressions, whatsoever. Landing hard on the ground with a thud, Kong emerged from the brush and came to a small, roughly circular clearing and with a small amount of green grass carpeting the ground. He never liked coming to this spot. It was at the base of a long cliff, the wall of which was too jagged and steep to climb, even for Kong. It was a prime spot to be ambushed. But there were only a few specific areas on the island where the essential plants that Kong needed, such as bamboo and roots, grew. This spot had a particular amount of bamboo shoots that were rich in nutrients. So the reward was worth the risk. Cautiously, he walked-out into the clearing, keeping a sharp ear out for any disturbances in the nearby brush. This island was unforgiving and Kong has had his fair share of close calls over the years. He wasn't about to be caught by surprise in a vulnerable spot such as this. The bamboo grew right next to the cliff side, so at least he had an elevated spot to sit down, while he ate. The island was its regular brand of eerie silence. Kong proceeded towards the bamboo and took a seat. He sorted through the shoot to find the most nutritious, by the shade of their color and smell. Finding a good one, he grabbed onto it with his thick fingers and with a single yank of his muscular arm, ripped it free, like it was nothing. Nearly 30 minutes into his feeding session and everything retained its eerie calm stillness. That was Skull Island for you, always luring you into a false sense of security. Turning back for another shoot, Kong rummaged through them, trying to find another tasty one. As he leaned-in, his back was turned to the brush. A fatal mistake. Taking too long, the jungle exploded in a series of cracking wood and leaves. Sharply, Kong turned his head and instinctively swung his mighty arm and smacked his attacker right in the face. Leaping onto his feet, he roared at his assailant. A Vastatosaurus Rex , meaning \"ravager-lizard king\". The scourges of Kong and his species. Literally the direct, modern day descendant of Tyrannosaurus Rex , v-rexes had only a few key differences between them and their prehistoric ancestors and were practically living fossils. This included larger size, blunter snouts and their signature 3 fingered, puny hands. V-rexes had indeed done their part in the decimation of Kong's kind. The ravenous adults always risking their lives to get at the vulnerable juvenile primates or coming together to gang-up on a single individual. To them, Kong's kind was a very rare treat, especially if killed and caught fresh! The fight already began with its standard roaring match. Each combatant was trying to intimidate the other into backing down. Sizing-up his opponent, Kong could instantly tell this was a young adult. This particular individual, Vincent, had hardened indigo scales on his back and sides, the color of the deep ocean. His underbelly was a yellowish-tan color and much less armored than his back or sides. He was barely 39 feet long and 19 and a half feet tall. Despite his armored hide, Vincent had nearly as many scars as Kong, if not more. They were most likely inflicted upon, not only by deadly prey animals but larger, dominant bull v-rexes. He was either a very brash or very foolish to go through with this attack. Fully grown adults wouldn't attack Kong head-on, not unless they were backed-up by another v-rex. Whatever the case, Vincent returned the roars and flashed his teeth, refusing to back down. The fight was on! Both fighters charged, head-on at each other. Vincent was clearly an inexperienced fighter (at least when fighting Kong) as he thought he could just finish the 8th Wonder off, quick and easy with a single snap of his bone crushing jaws. Kong dodged the bite and cuffing his hands together, brought his hands up in an upswing that bashed Vincent right-off his feet. The Young V-Rex fell hard on his back but used the momentum to roll over, back onto his feet. Spinning around, he brought his enormous tail into play, which he could use to break Kong's legs or possibly one of his arms with a single, well-aimed swing. Kong caught his tail, mid-swing, just in the nick of time and stubbornly held onto the limb. He tried pulling back as Vincent pulled forth, trying to free his tail. The v-rex spun around, coming at Kong with both his hands occupied. Again the 8th Wonder shifted his body to avoid the lethal bite and grabbed onto Vincent's head, intending to tear his jaws in two! But the Young V-Rex kept trashing his head about and snapping. This was dangerous! Kong could easily loose a finger! Pulling his arms back, the 8th Wonder directly hit Vincent, on the left side of his face with a classic punch, causing the predator to stumble back a few steps, slightly woozy. Kong seized his chance! Vincent was wide-open, his left side fully exposed. Charging at him, he tackled the Young V-Rex like a stampeding football player, shoving him into the wall of the cliff. Not stopping, Kong made the most of his chance. Grabbing Vincent by the head, he began brutally bashing his skull repeatedly against the stone wall, until finally the Young V-Rex lost his balance. He tried to scramble to his feet, trying get back-up as Kong vicious began punching him in the face and gut. Finally, he rose his tightened fists in the air, intended to slam them down onto Vincent's body, cracking his ribs and inflicting a crippling injury. But something happened that Kong had never done before. Especially not when locked in mortal combat with a v-rex. He hesitated. Why? Looking into the v-rex's honey yellow eyes, he saw fear, desperation. Something v-rexes were never known for. If they were to die, then they'd go down fighting, putting-up a resistance till the bitter end. But Vincent, he was panicked, breathing heavily with an expression of terror on his face. Kong knew never to doubt the intelligence of a dinosaur, especially a predatory one. V-rexes had a surprising amount of intelligence for a creature their size. They were capable of recognizing the primate form, even violently attacking any humans, native to Skull Island, daring to venture beyond the 100 foot wall, believing them to be the puny babies of Kong's kind. But all this time, Kong had only seen the vicious, ruthless, predatory side of a v-rex, never even considering what might be beyond all that. Glancing over at Vincent's body, you could see his ribs through his skin. He was starving, attacking Kong out of sheer desperations for food. He was never known to show mercy to a v-rex, when engaging in lethal conflict but the battle was already over. Resuming his face's grumpy scowl, he lowered his fists and he fell onto his knuckles. Normally he would beat his chest and roar to declare his victory. But Kong would never expose his gut like that with a live v-rex at his feet. Instead, he leaned-in close and roared at Vincent, at the top of his lungs, inches away from his dinosaurian face. The Young V-Rex had his eyes tightly shut the entire time. With a final snort, Kong was off, having lost his appetite. Vincent tried to stand back-up but was still heavily panicked, his feet shaking, loose like noodles. He just fell back down, trying to collect himself. The day was spoiled. Wanting nothing more than a day of peace and quiet for a change, Kong's own boiling blood betrayed him, souring his mood and killing his enjoyment. He ripped angrily through the jungle, tearing down trees and ripping their branches clean from their trunks before returning to his mountain lair. It was late afternoon. The sun would begin to set soon and cast its deep, amber glow upon Skull Island. Wearily, Vincent made his way through the jungles of Skull Island, pushing himself to put one foot in front of the other. All he wanted to do was give into his body's urges and just collapse into unconsciousness. He was hungry and likely had a concussion from his battle. There were times his sight went blurry and he couldn't walk straight but he pushed-on, almost aimlessly. Finally, he pushed his bulk through the jungle and arrived at the banks of a small river. To his left, he gazed-up at the massive temple that led to Kong's mountain lair. It had the architectural look, similar to that of the Ancient Aztec and Mayan civilizations. Clearly built in dedication to Kong's species, by an unknown people. Vincent had tracked the 8th Wonder's scent, all the way from their battlefield. He didn't know why. He thought maybe, following the gorilla's trail would reap some kind of edible spoils. But no such luck. At least he could have a drink. This river was much too small to have anything that could be a danger to him. It was the swamps you needed to be wary of. Excitedly, he gulped the water down his throat, his tongue acting like a sponge, absorbing the water to be drank when pulled back into his mouth. Vincent must've stood there for 15 or so minutes, filling his empty stomach with much needed water. By the time he reached the banks, his mouth was dry from trekking through the humid jungle. Glancing back at Kong's mountainous temple, Vincent calmly turned towards a lone male Ferrucutus . Like v-rexes, they were the modern descendants of Pachyrhinosaurus or similar horned, triceratops-like dinosaur. Normally, ferrucutus lived in herds, for safety reasons and it was rare that an individual would be traveling alone. The ferrucutus didn't seem to have any fear of Vincent's presence. It wasn't even nervous. Most likely because it could smell his weakness. Glancing at each other for a moment, it was almost like they were establishing a non-verbal truce between predator and prey, not to attack one another. The male ferrucutus drank from the river, while Vincent continued gazing at Kong's temple. Kong awoke early and watched the rising of the sun from his mountain peak view. One of his favorite things to do and one of the few things that brought him bliss and peace. Afterwards, he headed down his temple's grand staircase to get a drink from the river below. At the water's edge, he cuffed his fingers together and used his hand to scoop water into his puckered lips, slurping it down. Drinking his fill, Kong looked around and jumped when he saw a scaly body lying on the ground, near the river, motionless, a few yards away from him. With the upmost caution, Kong approached, thinking the animal to be dead. From the color of the animal's hide and the scars on his body, Kong recognized this v-rex as Vincent. He was sprawled-out on his left side, his mouth slightly open with drool leaking-out onto the grass. Daringly, Kong quickly poked him and stepped back, thinking those deadly jaws would spring to life and attack him. Poking him a few more times, the 8th Wonder figured the Young V-Rex must've starved to death, trying to track him. Thinking nothing more of it, Kong was off to fill his empty belly. He had only eaten once, right before Vincent attack him. Kong returned just before sunset and on the banks of the river at the base of his mountainous temple, sat Vincent, who glanced calmly back at the ape. He sat on his belly with his legs tucked-in close to his sides and was entirely non-aggressive. Kong began to growl and bare his teeth, unsure what angle this predator was trying to play. Vincent slowly stood-up and indicated by his body language, seemed to concede to Kong's presence. Still, he would have none of this! The 8th Wonder pounded the ground and charged, roaring and like a skittish cat, Vincent fled into the brush. Kong snorted and climbed the stairs to his lair. Over the next few days, he had to burden himself with chasing Vincent off his turf. But no matter how much Kong growled, stomped the ground with his fists and charged him, the v-rex just wouldn't leave. He didn't seem to be waiting like a vulture and just stuck around Kong. He soon got the idea that and when the 8th Wonder arrived, he should scatter into the forest as fast as he could. After weeks of this, Kong began to grow use to Vincent's presence. When coming down from his mountain lair, he still cautiously eyed the Young V-Rex but no longer chased him off. Meanwhile, Vincent didn't seem hostile in the least. In fact, he seemed entirely respectful of Kong, always acknowledging his presence and keeping his distance from the ape. He also resumed hunting as Kong returning one day to see him eating the corpse of a herbivorous dinosaur. When he saw the 8th Wonder, Vincent backed away from the partially eaten body, almost as if he was surrendering his meal to a superior. Kong ignored the gesture as he was not a carnivore. This continued for 3 weeks and both the 25 Foot Gorilla and the Young V-Rex became the most unlikely of neighbors. The 8th Wonder could offer some guesses as to why the Young V-Rex stayed near him. It was likely due to the fact Vincent couldn't stake a proper claim on any suitable territories or hunting ground, due to the larger, more aggressive v-rexes. They would surely kill him for trespass on their territories. Perhaps Vincent knew that no v-rex would openly engage Kong and stayed near him to stake a territory that no other v-rex would dare to try and claim. It was the middle of the night. The sky was cloudless and every inch was decorated with stars, sparkling like diamonds. It was a full moon tonight and all of Skull Island was illuminated in a fine, pure white light that couldn't be beat. Parched, Kong awoke from his sleep and decided to descend his temple's grand staircase to get a drink at the river below. Like the day, nights were eerily quiet but usually they weren't this dazzling. Usually night on Skull Islands were foggy, cloudy, dark and foreboding. Tonight was a rare acceptation. Despite being in the tropics, it was fairly chilly tonight with high breezes assaulting Kong. Luckily his fur kept him nice and warm. Drinking the water, it was ice cold and quickly began to numb Kong's fingers. Turning to climb back-up to his lair, he saw Vincent, in the bright moonlight, curled-up tightly. Now dinosaurs weren't exactly reptiles but then again, they didn't generate their own body heat. So tonight had to be especially brutal for him. He was sleeping out in the open, fully exposed to the elements. While he could've certainly slept in the cover of the nearby jungle's brush, getting assaulted by mosquitos and having itchy bumps the next day was no better. Kong may not have liked v-rexes or Vincent for that matter but he was no sadist. He took no pleasure in the suffering of other animals. Strolling over to the Young Predator, he could see he was still awake with his eyes still open. Seeing the 8th Wonder coming over to him, Vincent kept as low as possible. He didn't want Kong to perceive him as a threat. Calmly, the 25 Foot Gorilla sat down, shielding Vincent from the strong, cold breezes. The Young V-Rex lifted his toothy head, confused why Kong would show him any kind of sympathy. No longer temperamental and moody, Kong's face was calm and no longer held that menacing scowl. Vincent lay his head back down, closed his eyes and tried to sleep. Friendship: A week went by and most of the tension between Kong and Vincent had nearly gone. At least now they knew that neither intended malice upon the other and that they could co-exist peacefully. Vincent had resumed regular hunting and was gaining his muscle back and was no longer a desperate sack of skin and bones. Kong was surprised at himself, having no worry to the fact that the Young V-Rex was building-up his strength. It would seem their mutual truce went deeper than he realized. They mainly left each other be, exchanging glances every so often before going about their business. It was the beginning of April and the wet season on Skull Island had begun in earnest. The recent rains brought with them, renewed vegetation and some rare fruits and plants that only grew a few times over the year's course. Conveniently, all these rare tropical plants were located in a small forest, in the middle of a wide flatland. When these plants were plentiful, Kong always seized his chance to get at them before they went out of bloom. Today the flatland community was bustling. Sauropod dinosaur herds of Brontosaurus and ferrucutus grazed on the grasses and tree of the bordering forests. Like I said, Kong was a king, only in title. None of the animals bowed before him or backed away. His fellow herbivorous creatures looked-up only once, acknowledging him as no threat to them and continued-on grazing. He reached the small patch of forest in the middle of the grassy plains and ate to his heart's content. He would eat all the fruits and nutritious plants in bloom he could, in a single sitting. He kept his guard down. If a predator was in the area, the nearby sauropods would surely alert him to their presence. After an hour of eating, Kong was sated and decided to groom his fur as best he could. Normally, another member of his kind would assist him in this task. He was so focused on his task that he neglected to realize the sauropod herds had moved-on, far in the distance. He could no longer rely on them to sound the alarm if there was danger nearby. Predatory dinosaurs hunted just like modern day crocodiles. They always staked-out an area they knew best and waited and watched anything and everything that happened. Making themselves comfortably hidden in the bushes, they watched the habits and schedules of their unsuspecting prey. Only after memorizing their patterns, did the predators devise the best strategy of attack and then…STRIKE! The elder v-rexes all knew about the patch of rare vegetation that Kong visited during certain parts of the year. Though normally solitary hunters, v-rexes would occasionally band together in order to take down larger prey as a team. Even though they weren't very coordinated while working together, you could never deny such a deadly alliance of 2 or more v-rexes coming together to make a kill. Conspicuously emerging from the brush, a bull v-rex roar at Kong, threatening him and issuing a challenge. Kong was never one to shy away from putting a v-rex in its place. The two engaged in a loud roaring match that could be heard miles away both being as aggressive and menacing as possible. Kong beat his chest, while the bull v-rex flashed his teeth and stomped the ground. And charging-in from out of his line of sight were 2 more v-rexes, both of them fully grown, aggressive females. But Kong couldn't be misdirected so easily. Turning, he saw both the females charging at him, roaring and no longer trying to be covert about it. Daringly, he reached-out for one of the females and managed to grab its closed jaws. Gripping its entire head, Kong dragged its body over and bashed the other incoming v-rex, knocking it hard onto its side. The 3 v-rexes quickly regrouped and were now advancing on the 8th Wonder. He could easily turn tail and run. He had a clean opening and could easily navigate the thick forests, far better than the v-rexes could. While he could certainly fight them, it wasn't worth it. Kong had already eaten his fill and no longer had any business in this valley. It would be wise for him to return to his mountainous lair. But before he could turn, another v-rex took him by surprise, coming-up from behind. Luckily, he dodged the beast's attack and punched it square in the face. Now Kong was being threatened by 4 fully grown v-rexes, each of them eager for a meal. They tried to surround him, making mock lungs in order to herd him into position, where he could be ganged up on and killed with ease. Even 4 v-rexes was a bit of a stretch for Kong. He began flailing his long arms about, trying to keep them at bay. But as he swung, one of the females used its jaw and clamped down on his left arm, holding it in place. If the female v-rex had been able to clamp down with the full force of its jaws, it could've easily snapped Kong's arm right-off. The other 2 came at him as he struggled to keep them away with his free arm. Distracted and fully exposing his neck and chest, the Bull V-Rex readied to go for a killing blow. Coming-out from nowhere, Vincent clamped down on the Bull's thick neck and with all his strength, pushed it in front of another v-rex. Releasing the bull, he charged forward, knocking both the Bull and one of the female v-rexes, down on the ground. With his aggressors occupied, Kong began punching the v-rex that had his arm in its jaws. But it was ruthless, refusing to let go. Rushing over behind it, Vincent grabbed held of its tail, near the end and clamped down with so much for, it snapped the tip straight-off. The female v-rex released Kong's arm and roared in agony. Slapping Vincent away with what was left of its tail, it fled. Enraged at this interference, 2 of the v-rexes attacked Vincent. He was no match for 2 fully grown members of his species. As one of them lunged for him, Kong grabbed its tail, pulling it back as another came charging from behind him. Pulling one of the v-rexes further, he grabbed its belly, lifted it off its feet and flung the beast right into the charging v-rex. Both animals toppled to the ground, one of them unconscious. Up against the Bull, Vincent was muscled to the ground and kicked at the Bull's face as it tried to get in close for a neck attack. Coming in for another predictable biting attack, Kong dodged the female's jaws and pushed her onto the ground. Quickly clutching its left foot, he twisted it hard, breaking the ankle. The female rolled over and tried to get-up but only fell back down in immense pain. Doing its best, it fled in a panic, leaving only the Head Bull to deal with. Vincent currently has his jaws wrapped around its neck but barely managing to hold-on as the Bull dragged him around. With his left side fully exposed, Kong rushed at the Bull and slammed into him with his shoulder. Releasing his neck, Vincent watched as the 25 Foot Gorilla fell hard onto the Bull V-Rex, crushing the ribs on his left side, under his weight. Still alive, the Bull managed to get to its feet and walked away with its head held low in defeat and pain. Lifting-off his forelimbs, Kong stood tall and pounded his chest, roaring in victory with Vincent roaring beside him. With their triumphant moment passed, both turned to regard one another. Unsure what to do next, both just walked calmly alongside each other, heading back to Kong's mountain. It would seem their mutual truce was ready to evolve into a friendship, the seeds of which were already sewn. Kong and Vincent had a nice time, walking back together and arrived back by dark. Without a second thought, Vincent went over to a nice patch of grass a few yards away from the banks of the river at the base of the mountainous temple. Lying down, he and Kong exchanged nods before he curled-up, preparing for the chilly night ahead. Kong awoke early the next morning, parched. Heading down to the river, Vincent was awake, lying-on the ground and looking-up to acknowledge the 8th Wonder. They stared at each other for a moment, before the Young V-Rex arose and walked a few yards away to get a drink, giving Kong the space he demanded. Taking his time to quench his thirst, Vincent almost jumped when he saw Kong next to him, taking a drink. Needless to say, the Young V-Rex greatly feared him, attacking him that day out of sheer desperation for a meal, being driven mad by hunger pains. He didn't know why he sought-out Kong after their fight or why he stuck around him. Perhaps they were birds of a feather? Two solitary spirits, drawn together in their longing for companionship. Finishing their drinking at the river, both departed to go about their day, having different needs and agendas. At the end of the day, both had return from a most fruitful day. Kong had been able to feast in peaceful solitude and Vincent had made a fresh kill, filling his belly to the brim, meaning he wouldn't need another suitable meal for some time. Both met at the river, at the base of the mountain, an hour or 2 before sunset. Nodding to Kong, Vincent went to sit down and lay his head on the grassy ground. The cool winds meant it was gonna be another chilly, windy night. The 25 Foot Gorilla began oohing at him and the Young V-Rex looked-up to see Kong motioning to follow him. Doing so, Kong led them to a fairly wide, hilly trail. An alternative route up to the top of the mountain. The trail was very steep, though not as steep as the temple staircase, leading to Kong's lair. Cautiously, Vincent followed Kong up the trail, who helped the Young V-Rex cross various obstacles. After a tiring trek, they arrived at the top to Kong's home. Walking beside each other, they came through an archway-shaped cave. Littered about the area were the massive bones of Kong's deceased species. Fellow 25 foot primates that had died some time ago, the mountain's peak being their last sanctuary. Kong took a seat in his usual spot, while Vincent stood to his right. They arrived just in time to watch the sunset together. No v-rex had been up here before. The grand staircase that Kong always used was far too steep and Vincent would've never been able to hike up the secret mountain trail without his help. The Young V-Rex felt uneasy being up so high but couldn't deny the view. The sun's deep amber glow, cast over the canopies of the treacherous jungles and the sky dazzling with unique shades of color. Only one word did this stunning sight any sort of justice. Beautiful. And for a moment, all of Skull Island's foreboding nature and nightmarish creatures seemed to vanish. Kong looked over to Vincent with a calm, relaxed face and the Young V-Rex looking back at him. He no longer had any more feelings of resentment or contempt for the predator. Vincent had come to his aid, when he just could've let the other v-rexes finish him off. Instead he stood by him. Looking back towards the sunset, Kong patted the patch of ground next to him, inviting Vincent to sit down. Padding the ground with his feet, he assured the ground's stability before lowering his body so that his stomach was resting on the ground, his legs compactly tucked-in beside him. With the sun halfway set, Vincent rested his head on Kong's knee. The 8th Wonder didn't mind at all and was happy that the Young V-Rex was comfortable in his home. Before the sun set, Kong reached over and patted Vincent's scaly back, before resting his arm on the Young V-Rex. After the sunset, both made themselves comfortable and drifted-off to sleep. 2 weeks later, Kong and Vincent were quietly circling each other in a flatland valley. If you didn't know any better, you'd say both of them were sizing each other-up for a death match! Vincent made the first move with a standard charge, coming at Kong with wide-open jaws, teeth at the ready. The 25 Foot Gorilla reacted by charging himself, intended to grab the Young V-Rex by the jaws and get him at a disadvantage. But just as they collided, Vincent shut his jaws and used his head like a battering ram to bash Kong, managing to surprise him and knock him off his feet. The 8th Wonder quickly recovered. Kong swung one of his fists and Vincent simply lowered his head, easily dodging the attack. Falling into the trap, the 8th Wonder held his jaws closed, securing them and ensuring he could not use them. Forcing his head upwards, Vincent thrashed about in Kong's grip, exposing his underbelly. Kong tackled his exposed stomach and shoved him to the ground, where he landed on his back with a thud! Rolling over, he used his tiny but shockingly strong arms to help him push-off the ground and get back onto his feet. Bring his tail into play, Vincent swung it at Kong, who saw the attack coming and grabbed the limb in his arms. As he tried to free his tail, the Young V-Rex was pulled back and Kong shoved him to the ground, where he secured his closed jaws once again. Kong couldn't keep his solid, hardened battle face and it melted into an expression of laughter as he hooted in merriment and let his predatory friend up. Shaking his body-off in a dog's manner, Vincent nudged Kong playfully and returned a toothy grin. Both often engaged in sparing matches, since they grew closer, allowing their friendship to bloom. Not only was it for fun but it allowed both of them to practice their skills for actual combat situations. The Young V-Rex was getting better and was learning to act more strategically and less impulsively. A crucial discipline to have when hunting down prey and defending yourself from predators and competition. Kong and Vincent often stayed close by each other. After all, they greatly increased their odds of survival by sticking together. Going-off with each other in the morning, they'd only separate if their own agendas demanded it. If not, they strolled around the island together or sparred, all for the sake of fun and games. As a mammal, Kong had to eat far more frequently than Vincent. Just now they were arriving at one of the 8th Wonder's favorite spots to eat. It was in the hills, a bit of a stretch for a v-rex to travel to but definitely worth it. The spot was right next to a waterfall that calmly cascaded. One could surely fall asleep listening to the soothing sound. In the center of the mist was a dazzling rainbow that only enhanced the scenery. As Kong began to feast, Vincent took a load-off and enjoyed the overhead view of the island, in the golden, fresh light of noontime. After the 8th Wonder had his fill, he sat next to the Young V-Rex and joined him in relishing the soothing approach of a lazy afternoon. Another week passed by and the heavy rains of the wet season made sunshine and rainbows a rare treat. After that last lazy afternoon on the clifftop, the rains were now constant, simply shifting in intensity. This was the tropical equivalent of heavy snowfall. It was a real tropical winter. With the heavy rains came numerous new elemental threats. Rising sea levels around the island's coast and high winds threatened to spur a tsunami or even worse, a hurricane. Skull Island had been assaulted by these aggressive natural disasters in the past and were primarily to blame for the island's shrinking size and loss of land. The rains also threatened to induce massive, lethal mudslides, powerful enough to effortlessly plow through the thick jungles. Flooding of the island's interior was also a guarantee. There was always at least one bad flood each rainy season. Large animals, like vastatosaurus rex became increasingly stressed and antsy during these periods and Vincent was no exception. The thick jungles, growing over their lowland territories already impeded their ability to trek across the island and limited their territory range. But to have the land move about as if it was attacking was enough to put any large creature on edge. Mudslides could happen at any moment and could be shockingly quiet. The rainy season was already taking its effect. The spot at the base of Kong's temple, where Vincent had been sleeping was already flooded by the nearby, overflowing river. The water was up to his ankles and would only rise. In human terms that was waist deep. Both Vincent and Kong knew that he'd have to seek-out shelter in another area soon or else risk being trapped by the flooded passageways through the jungle. Not to mention every other v-rex on the island would have the same idea in mind, to seek-out higher ground. All those competing carnivores in a single area…another disaster just waiting to happen. For now, Vincent decided to stay put and wanted to see if he could wait-out the rain for a few more days. He had virtually no sleep over the past few days. Who could sleep in ankle deep water? Who would want to sleep in ankle deep water? Right now, both were sitting-out in the open, totally drenched. Kong had no trouble with the rainy season, given the fact he resided on the tallest peak on the island and that his agility allowed him to maneuver over most obstacles the rain brought. Vincent was cold. He toes were numb and since he wasn't a mammal, he wasn't shivering like Kong. But at least he was with a friend. Going through one of these treacherous rain season, again in solitude, compared to now, sounded extremely depressing. When the rains first began, Kong and Vincent enjoyed themselves. Running-out in the refreshing downpour, they went-out in the lowland and splashed around in giant puddles and jumped in the mud like rejoicing children. But now they had to stay put as the risk of spontaneous mudslides was high, making it dangerous to move around. Both nearly jumped-out their skins when a bolt of lightning struck, followed eventually by booming thunder. Another stressing factor of the rainy season. By the end of the week, their waiting paid-off and the rains eased-up. Some of the clouds even parted, allowing sunlight to shine through, bringing slivers of gold to the greyed sky. Hunting game during this time was no good but luckily, Vincent could go months or even a full year without properly eating. Another week passed and the overflowing river receded enough that Vincent could at least get some sleep and without the added risk of drowning. But the grass below his feet was constantly wet and soggy. It was now the 1st of November. Returning from a day of foraging, Kong motioned for Vincent to come and join him in his mountain lair. While the Young V-Rex was certainly welcome in Kong's home, getting there was an impractical inconvenience for the theropod. He couldn't get there without Kong's help anyways so heading-up there was a rare treat. Arriving at the top, both sat down and Vincent was happy to feel dry land beneath his body again. For now, the rains were deduced to a light drizzle and the clouds had parted to reveal part of the sun, shining through the grey clouds as it began to set. But the air was thick with needless tension. Kong was stressed, though he visibly hid it. But Vincent could smell his stress, almost as well as he could see the distal sun, peering-out from behind the clouds. Something was about to happen, something that distressed Kong greatly. It was that time of year again. When the highly superstitious, fearful Skull Island natives lit-up their 100 foot wall and presented a female sacrifice to the almighty Kong. The Skull Islanders were barely a society. They were something less than human, at least in spirit. Compared to what lay beyond their great wall, they were nothing. Out of place humans, waiting to die. Waiting for something to come along and snatch them and bring forth their untimely demise. And at the peak of their truly savage ways was their scarification ritual. Happening yearly, the most beautiful woman in the tribe would be chosen to be offered to Kong as a form of appeasement. Now I know what you're thinking. Surely there is something on Skull Island far worse and actually carnivorous worth giving a live sacrifice to. V-rexes would surely seem like worthy candidates, given their apex predatory status. But that's not how the Skull Islanders saw it. To them, Kong was something more. Something else entirely. A seemingly perfected fusion of nature's utter savagery and man's form, coupled together to create something terrifying in their eyes. Something so human-like, while at the same time, so beastly. It was uncanny to them. Now you would think that offering up a human sacrifice as a means of filling Kong's lonely void was pretty smart. Well it wasn't. To Kong, it was a yearly, almost mocking reminder of what he had lost and would never get back. It reminded him how alone he was on this island and how he was destined to die and completely finalize his species' oblivion. Like I said before, being alone with this reality, all year round, could drive anything to madness. Though Kong now had Vincent's company, he could never chance these harsh facts of life. On scarification night, there was an uproar of drumming rhythm, like a grand parade or celebration. But that was nothing compared to the final ritual, when the Skull Islanders lit-up their wall using oils. They dropped gallons of it, already lit-up, from the wall's demonic face carvings and it poured, like lava, into the moat-like chasm. The eyes of the wall glowed with a hellish fiery light and the darkened evening was lit by a burning amber bright. Kong and Vincent watched the scarification process unfold from afar, hiding in the foliage of the jungle. The 8th Wonder had seen this barbarism unfold for a good portion of his life. But the bright lights and the vicious, ominous glowing faces of the wall were fearsome enough to intimidate Vincent. He had never seen anything quite like this and let-out a low growl at the fiery eyes of the wall, staring back at him. At Kong's request, the Young V-Rex stayed put. This was something he wanted to do alone. At long last, the feminine sacrifice was lowered on the other side of the chasm by a bridge/crane-like device, of which she was tied to the end. Now being sacrificed to Kong was supposed to be an honor. A young woman should've been flattered, even thrilled to have been chosen for such an undertaking. Yet, when push came to shove, no one ever believed that. The sacrifice happened one way or another. Either by forcing the women as she flailed around screaming or by drugging her to make her more docile and manageable. Of course, the Skull Islanders tried to avoid drugging the sacrifice as they felt it tainted the purity and sanctity of the woman. From afar, Vincent watched Kong approach the sacrifice, able to see clearly with his powerful, hawk-like binocular vision. He didn't want to drag this out and wanted this over with. The woman was clearly trying to contain herself, not wishing to upset her \"deity\" by panicking and screaming. But as she was yanked from the ropes binding her and manhandled by the 25 Foot Gorilla, the fright erupted from her in the form of disturbing, shrieks. Caring very little for the woman's safety, the 8th Wonder charged back into the jungle as the Skull Islanders cheered and hollered at another successful sacrifice. Quickly losing his patience, the reality of his situation was rapidly eating away at him and Kong angrily splintered the trees in his way and plowed through the jungle. He wasn't hard to follow. Vincent hardly needed to use his keen sense of smell. All he had to do was follow the fresh trail of destruction. At the end of the trail, Kong stood at the edge of cliff, overlooking a large stream with puny waterfalls cascading down on the other side. Roaring and carelessly waving the woman about as she continued shrieking, Kong had his yearly outburst at this outrageous ritual. When he saw done venting his anger, he simply dropped her. The woman fell feet first onto the rocky ground, shattering one of her legs, rendering her totally immobile. Calming down and turning to face Vincent, Kong knew what he was thinking and motioned his okay to go through with it. Approaching the woman, she squirmed on the ground, writhing in agony. At first, Vincent just gazed upon her, having never seen a human before and was confused at Kong's outburst. So visually similar to the 25 Foot Gorilla with only slight difference, the woman could've easily been a baby of his species. Perhaps a newborn, due to her skinny, frail physique. But regardless, she didn't make Kong happy and it was quite apparent he wanted to be rid of her. Finishing gawking and sniffing the woman, Vincent parted his jaws and scooped-up the human's legs as he bobbed his head to get better leverage. Bringing his jaws down, the woman's body snapped in half as he consumed her legs. The rest of her fell to the ground, dead, among a pile of bones of past sacrifices Kong had killed in a raging stupor or simply crippled and left for dead. Picking-up the other half of the body, Vincent shook-off the necklace adorned on the woman's neck and in a single snap, swallowed the rest of the body whole. Humans…not bad. Kong stood moping, not just angered but now saddened at the reminder of his true loneliness in life. Coming-up beside him, the Young V-Rex nuzzled his jaw against Kong's shoulder, trying to comfort his primate friend. Kong gently patted Vincent's side, appreciating his gesture. The two moved-on, trying to enjoy the rest of their night as it began to rain yet again. With Vincent by his side, Kong's happiness bounced back and in no time, they were once again, splashing about in the puddles and playing around in the mud. One day as they played around in the rain, Vincent's mood went from cheerful to predatory in a single second, flat. On the other side of a small patch of foliage, in another section of the flatland was a small group of 5 Ligocristus , duckbill herbivores that were ideal prey items for a v-rex. With only a tail to defend themselves with, they were probably the safest prey for any large Skull Island predator to hunt, especially if you knew how to ambush. Vincent may not have been starving at the moment but on this island, it was wise to gain any sustenance that presented itself. You never knew what meal was gonna be your last. The Young V-Rex shuttered in excited anticipation as the thrill of the hunt overtook him. He just wanted to burst forth from the trees and give chase but experience told him to contain himself and wait for the right moment. Kong stood beside Vincent, even crouching low to the ground like him, curious to seek EXACTLY how a v-rex hunted, step by step. This ambush was a bit of a stretch as Vincent had a fair distance between him and his prey. With no cover around, he would somehow have to approach quickly but silently. In the blink of an eye, Vincent sprung from the foliage and made a dash for his prey, immersing himself in the thrill of the hunt! V-rexes could really move when they wanted to and could run up to 25 miles per hour, in pursuit of prey. Though Kong was fast, he could never catch-up to a v-rex running at full speed, in the middle of a flatland. Like lions or their prehistoric ancestors, the feet of v-rexes were outfitted with specialized pads that absorbed shock, allowing them to approach soundlessly. It was a stunning sight. The ligocristus still had an opportunity to escape but continued grazing as if nothing was wrong. They still hadn't spotted Vincent. Finally, they sensed his approach and scattered, fleeing for the safe cover of the jungle. Lunging forward, Vincent managed to bite down on one individual's tail, even though it managed to slip away. Blood poured from the wounds on its tail, the fresh scent driving Vincent wild! He gained on the wounded animal, coming-up beside it and using his snout to shove it to the ground. Pouncing on his prey, he stomped on its side, breaking a few of its ribs, before seizing its neck and twisting until he managed to snap the herbivore's neck. With his prey dead, Vincent reared his head down and used his teeth to butcher the carcass, going straight for the stomach cavity. Kong emerged from the foliage and came-up alongside him. The Young V-Rex, grinned at the 8th Wonder with a bloodied snout. As he reared his head down for another bite, Vincent noticed Kong going sharp, suggesting danger was near. Over the scent of the ligocristus' fresh blood, Vincent managed to smell it to. Venatosaurus ! Skull Island's resident dromaeosaurid, though they were far more impressive than their prehistoric cousins. Ranging from 16 to 24 feet long, they easily dwarfed the famous Velociraptor . Hunting in numbers that ranged in the dozens, they were capable of taking down prey, not even a v-rex actively hunted, such as the thundering brontosaurus. With size, speed and agility on their side, a single venatosaurus was tricky to kill but as a pack, they were capable of bringing down almost anything. While it was very unlikely, it was not unheard for a pack of venatosaurs to be capable of overwhelming and killing a lone v-rex. Even Kong had to be weary of these sickle clawed hunters. Vincent leaned down to pick his prize-up, intending to carry the whole thing back to a more secluded spot. But it was too late. Kong and Vincent were surrounded. Both counted 17 around them. Snarling, the pack gave them a chance to leave. Desiring an easy kill, they wanted to scavenge from Vincent and rob him of his meal. Standing-up for his friend, Kong made the first defiant move, roaring and pounding the ground as a warning. Vincent joined him, roaring and flashing his bloodied teeth. They would give the pack one chance to leave peacefully. It was not taken and the alpha of the pack, along with its lieutenants, made the first move. Against opponents this big and dangerous, the venatosaur way was to attack, retreat and attack again and let shock and blood loss do the work for them. For them, Vincent was a tough nut to crack with his armored back and sides protecting him from their bites and claw attacks. In order to inflict an effective wound, they'd have to get at his less armored underbelly but would be getting dangerously close to those killing jaws. Kong's hide was much easier to pierce and so the venatosaurs decided to gang-up on the Young V-Rex's back-up. Thrashing his arms about, Kong smacked the predators back but as soon as he drove one off, another pounced onto him from behind. Reaching over his shoulder, he grabbed one and yanked it off his back, throwing it straight into one of its comrades. As another ran up to him, Kong brought his tightly clenched fist down upon the venatosaur, crushing it like a bug. Removing his fist, it just lay there, lifeless, eyes wide-open as a large amount of blood began leaking-out of its mouth. Vincent had 2 venatosaurs biting and clawing away at his back but he barely felt a thing and stayed focused. As one ran past him, he lunged-out, grabbing it in his jaws and in a single snap, crushed its body before throwing it down on the ground. Distracted, one of the venatosaurs managed to get under him and inflict a scratch on his softer underbelly. While it was nothing serious, the wound stung and would definitely leave some scars after it healed. It tried to run off but Vincent brought his right foot down upon its tail, pinning it down. As it desperately tried to free itself, the Young V-Rex wrapped his jaws around the smaller predator and ripped it free from its tail as he began to chomp down, mercilessly on the body. Swiping his arm, Kong knocked 6 venatosaurs aside with one in the grip of his opposite hand. Taking a page from Vincent, the 8th Wonder used his own set of formidable fangs and bit down on the back of the venatosaurs' neck, pulling back and nearly decapitated the body. Nearly the entire pack was ganging-up on Kong as he flailed his arms around, standing unsteadily on his hind legs. He quickly lost his balance and fell onto 3 venatosaurs, crushing them under his body weight. Rushing over, Vincent snapped at the venatosaurs on Kong's belly, who tried to tear it open. Suddenly, the venatosaurs changed their focus and all leaped onto Vincent's face, clawing away, trying to get at his eyes as he violently shook his head, trying to get them off. Back on his feet, Kong helped the Young V-Rex, ripping the venatosaurs off and either throwing them aside or crushing them in his grip. Finally, the venatosaurs had their fill. From a pack of 17, only 4 survived and ultimately decided to flee as Kong and Vincent took their victory roars. They roared-up in the air and at their fleeing enemies. Both had only a few scratches, nothing serious. Soon they'd heal into scars that would be a primeval record of their battle together. Vincent was better-off though with his armored skin and all. With the battle over, the Young V-Rex had worked-up quite an appetite and not only fed on his ligocristus kill but also on the 13 bodies of the dead venatosaurs. Once he had his fill, both decided it was wise to move-out of the area before anything else came along, wishing to challenge them. Divided: Over the next 2 years, Kong and Vincent became thick as thieves. The two were almost inseparable and went on countless misadventures across Skull Island together. They made an epic team, using their combined skills to fend-off any predator that dare oppose them and overcome any obstacle set before them. Both couldn't be happier and despite their differences, their friendship bloomed. Neither saw it coming. To think that 2 creatures, who couldn't be more different, made savage rivals by nature, could come together to form an everlasting friendship. The morning sun peaked over the horizon, bringing dawn to Skull Island, once again. Kong awoke when the first beam of morning light shined upon him, at the peak of his mountainous lair. Once he gathered his wits, he heard the sound of Vincent, roaring below, declaring his claimed territory to any and all rivals. After 2 years, Kong could recognize Vincent's roar anywhere and like other v-rexes, morning roars were a routine of his. By the time Kong descended from his lair, Vincent had already filled-up on water, properly hydrating himself for the day ahead. The 8th Wonder did the same as the Young V-Rex stood guard, carefully listening for any signs of nearby danger. It was summer on Skull Island and the scorching sun brought the dry season with it. While this year didn't break any records, it was always wise to keep tabs on available water sources. Luckily, the small river at the base of Kong's mountain wasn't as much affected as the rest of the island, or else both would've had to go out of their way for a drink. Dry seasons on Skull Island were particularly dangerous. The green flatlands turned brown as the grass and shrubs dried-up, causing the biome to resemble an arid savanna, rather than a lush valley. Yet somehow, the jungles retained much of their greenery. But still, all creatures were forced forth in search of sustained water sources, congregating together to create enormous tension. As the dry months continued, Kong and Vincent found that more and more creatures were coming to the small river to drink, at one time, even an entire herd of brontosaurs, totally unafraid of the 25 Foot Gorilla or the Young V-Rex, for that matter. This occasionally meant an easy meal for Vincent but nothing that would sustain him for long. Needing to stock-up on food, Kong followed his carnivorous friend into the jungle. Both would need to fill themselves and prepare for the potential scarcity of food, especially Kong. With no water to hydrate the land, he'd have to be careful or else risk starving to death. Their walk through the jungle was fairly peaceful, if not slightly irritating. One could easily get claustrophobic making their way through such tight spaces, in between tree trunks. The jungle was its usual brand of eerie quiet. But as he took another step, Vincent went sharp and began looking and sniffing around, alarmed and intensely anxious. Kong stopped, thinking there was danger nearby. Through the pads on his feet, Vincent could feel intense vibrations, rippling throughout the land. It was like a herd of stampeding brontosaurs, only much strong, by a thousandfold. Then, suddenly, the land began to shake uncontrollably, throwing Kong and Vincent straight-off their feet. Getting back up, they barely managed to keep their balance as the ground shook violently. Trees around them began to snap like twigs. It was an earthquake! Now Skull Island was no stranger to earthquakes, seeing as how its plates were unstable but this was the kind of extreme tremor that could reshape the landscape in a single instance. Panicked, Kong and Vincent just ran, thinking they could outrun an earthquake. As they ran aimlessly, the land began to gradually rise and all of a sudden, both found themselves running uphill. Perilously, entire trees were being uprooted from the ground and came tumbling and crashing down the hill, threatening to trip you and crush you in a pile of wood at the bottom of the newly forming hill. Kong and Vincent dodged the trees, rolling down the hill. A single mistake or misstep could very well mean death and both were quickly becoming exhausted, their muscles burning with soreness. Somehow, both managed to make it to the top of this newly forming hill, only to be faced with an entirely new problem. As the land shifted, Kong and Vincent found themselves at the top of a huge hill, rising at least a hundred feet over the rest of the land. They tried to remain calm and figure-out where to run to. Again the land shook violently, throwing both of them off their feet with no effort, whatsoever. Quickly regaining their footing, the landmass they stood atop began to dip forward and became a slope. And below it was the longest, deepest chasm on Skull Island, filled with all kinds of evolutionary horrors. As the landmass sank, Kong and Vincent turned around, trying to head for more stable ground. But as the land formation became more slanted, Vincent was unable to keep pace with Kong's dexterity. V-rexes didn't do highlands. The 8th Wonder grabbed onto trees, still rooted in the ground, to hoist himself upwards. Barely able to gain any more traction, Vincent roared at Kong, pleading for help. Kong looked down to see his endangered friend and his firm, determined face melted into a worried expression. Climbing down to the Young V-Rex, the 8th Wonder used his hand-like feet to grab hold of Vincent's skull. Kong anchored him as he tried to continue upwards. Nearly at a complete vertical angle, Vincent could gain no more traction and Kong was practically hanging onto him, over a lethal drop. The Young V-Rex could do no more to gain any more leverage and for the first real time in his life, felt the frustrating disadvantage of having puny arms. To make matters worse, the trees Kong was holding onto began to snap, unable to support the weight of both creatures. In what seemed like the end, the land suddenly fell back as part of it became unstable, breaking-off and balancing it out. Vincent fell onto Kong as both realized they were once again on evened-out ground and the earthquake seemed to come to a close. But as both slowly got back onto their feet, a huge fissure separated them. Before either one could react, the slab of land Vincent stood upon fell as a whole, sinking down into the deep chasm below. Both roared in torment as they were once again separated. Acting quickly, Vincent ran as fast as he could, gaining as much speed and momentum as possible. The sliver of land he was sinking with was just large enough to stretch across the chasm and he'd have a single chance to save himself. Reaching the edge of a cliff, Vincent leapt 2 yards across to the other side of the chasm, landing roughly on stable land. Kong roared, unable to see any sign of his friend. Achingly, the Young V-Rex arose from the ground, knowing he definitely sprained something. Looking down, the silver of land he was just standing upon was in the middle of the chasm below. If he foolishly stayed, he could've likely survived the fall. But there was at least 40 feet between the silver of land and the edges of the chasm. If that happened, then the only way out would be down, which was a fatal fall. Vincent sighed with relief as he roared back at Kong, spotting him on the other side of the chasm. Exchanging roars, both friends cautiously took a rest, exhausted from their death-defying feats. Both ended-up staying with each other until sunset, until finally, Vincent made the first move and acknowledged the hardship of their situation. As Skull Island's largest chasm, both in terms of length and width, it would take months to an entire year for Vincent to work his way around it. Regrettably, both exchanged their silent goodbyes as Kong watched his friend disappear into the jungle, afar. Epilogue: Vincent was on his own from here on out and Kong was alone once again. Sick with worry for his friend, his hardened, grumpy demeanor returned and the loneliness crushed down on him, harder than ever. He longed for the day he could be reunited with the Young V-Rex. Vincent's travels took him longer than anticipated. He was forced to journey through thick jungles, rising and falling hills and across treacherous, jagged cliffs. And of course, he had to divert from his path to stalk and hunt prey. He had never felt this way. Vincent actually felt himself missing the 25 Foot Gorilla, looking to his side, only to realize, once again that he was by himself. Though he didn't mind the solitude, he rather be with Kong than be alone. As the months dragged-on, the wet season came along, rehydrating the island's biomes, giving it a fresh coat of green. Vincent's journey around Skull Island's longest chasm took him nearly a year but at long last, he once again reached the base of Kong's mountain. At the bottom of the steep staircase, he roared loudly, rejoicing to be back and wishing to see his friend again. Taking a much deserved load-off, the Young V-Rex waited for his primate companion for 3 days straight, signaling to him, nearly every hour. Yet the next hour was the same as the last. No response and no sign of Kong, even though his scent lingered strongly in the area. Restless, early on his forth morning of waiting, long before the sun was due to rise, Vincent went in search of Kong. He followed every scent trail, the strongest and most recent leading to the Skull Islanders' 100 foot wall with the wooden gates smashed open. He wanted to follow the scent but he had no way of crossing the moat-like chasm separating the wall from the jungle beyond. Though the bridge/crane was down, it would snap instantly under his weight. Returning to Kong's mountain, at sunset, in the later hours of the day, Vincent managed the difficult task of trekking up the mountain's alternative route, remembering where Kong told him to step. He managed to get to the peak all by himself! Just in time for twilight. He laid down in his usual spot, next to where Kong always sat. He restively watched what remained of the sunset, scanning Skull Island from its ultimate overhead view, wondering where his friend could be hiding. At the crack of dawn, Vincent descended from the mountain and began his arduous search for Kong. He followed every scent trail he could pick-up, both new and old. For some reason, every recent scent of Kong's he followed, there was another scent, one he had never encountered before. During his search, he came across the bodies of 3 v-rexes, 2 of which he fought while defending Kong. Again there was that mysterious scent. Vincent circumvented Skull Island but found no sign of the 8th Wonder. After a year and 8 months, tirelessly searching, he returned to the peak of Kong's mountain. Arriving just in time for sunset, he missed how much he enjoyed watching the beautiful sight with his unlikely friend. When twilight arrived, he laid his head down to get some much needed rest. Taking one last glance at the horizon, Vincent hoped that Kong finally found true happiness…wherever he may be. FIN ","Summary":" A Friendship among Enemies By Mr. Eccentric Introduction: The morning sun arose swiftly above Skull"},{"Movie":"King Kong","Title":"Crossroads","Author":"Brawlfire Prime","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12415184","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's note: Something quick I whipped up after seeing Skull Island in theaters recently. This was not beta read, so feel free to point out any errors, grammatical or otherwise. Complete for now, might expand on this later. Hope you enjoy. Colonel Preston Packard had never seen anything like it before in his 20 years of service. Before his very eyes, the giant ape that stood in front of him had destroyed two Hueys and a Sea Stallion with nothing but a tree and its fists. It was enormous, big enough to block the sun behind it and when it roared, he could see its canines were the size of artillery shells. His instincts told him that his team had more than enough firepower; M134 miniguns, rocket pods, all could be used to take it down. But the look in the ape's eyes told a different story. The three helicopters it took down were just a warning. Right now it was a giant mass of muscle and fury. It had good reason too, they had been bombing its territory, after all. Packard had a decision to make. Either tell his men to open fire, which could just piss this thing off even more or tell them to stand down and hope to god it doesn't swat them out of the sky. He was stuck between a rock and a hard place. His pride didn't want the attack to go unanswered but in his head, he didn't want to risk losing any more men. The radio chatter from his men were growing louder and more insistent in his helmet's earpiece, giving him little time to consider his choices. But in the end, Packard swallowed his pride and made the call. \"Stand down! All Fox units stand down! Repeat, stand down. Do not open fire, over!\" The Hueys, which were frantically circling the creature to find a firing position now simply hovered in the air. Packard looked at it cautiously, waiting for a response. Would it keep attacking or understand his attempt at diplomacy and respond in kind? A few minutes passed where the creature simply observed the choppers around it, nostrils flaring and canines bared. Tension was thick, the only sound he could hear was the steady thump thump of his helicopter's rotor blades. But thankfully, the look in its eyes softened and the creature simply turned around and left. Packard got back into his seat and sighed in relief. Crisis averted. He spoke into the radio, voice calm. \"All Fox units prepare for touchdown, prep med kits and tend to the wounded, Fox one out.\" A chorus of \"rogers\" answered his order. But then he thought of Randa and his eagerness to get here. His hands gripped the bench tightly, knuckles white. He lied about why they were here. The commander felt his Huey bank to the same clearing where they dropped the LandSat team and saw the rest landing as well, the prop wash from their blades shaking the trees and kicking up dust before the pilots shut them off. Once everyone landed, he linked up with Cole, the only other senior officer left in his unit. \"What's the count?\" He said, referring to the casualties they suffered. \"We have four choppers left; yours, mine, Slivko's and the Chinook. Hodges and Dunn are injured but they'll make it,\" Cole replied, talking about the pilots of Fox Three. \"Rogers is fine. Can't say the same about Pierce, Saraf and Galleta, though.\" He held out three dog tags which the Colonel took and pocketed. Three names, three good men who had unwavering faith in his command. All dead. Packard sighed, \"Damn….\" \"At least most of us are still here, Colonel.\" Cole said, looking at the other soldiers milling around and the injured pilots they were tending to. \"Could've been worse, a lot worse.\" \"Yeah…..\" he replied somberly, \"Where's Randa?\" Cole jerked a thumb over his shoulder. \"Went back to his team after we touched down, sounds excited about something.\" Packard quirked an eyebrow, \"Excited?\" The other man simply nodded. \"Alright. Cole, Get on the radio. See if you can find out if Chapman and his crew survived. We'll figure something out from there.\" \"Yes, sir.\" Cole gave him a salute and walked back to the choppers. Packard then turned his attention to the civilians and started walking towards them. He needed to have a good, long talk with Randa. ","Summary":" Author's note: Something quick I whipped up after seeing Skull Island in theaters recently. This wa"},{"Movie":"King Kong","Title":"Return to Skull Island","Author":"superkoola","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11696998","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It has been 15 years since the awful incident in New York City. What happened was Carl Denham, a film director was losing the trust of his bosses. To save his career once and for all, he organized an expedition to film at an island called Skull Island, a small island located west of Sumatra. With him are famous scriptwriter, Jack Driscoll, and actress Ann Darrow. Once they arrived, disaster struck. Ann was taken captive by the skull islanders, and was offered up as a sacrifice to a giant ape known as Kong by the worshippers. Kong is the last member of his species known as Megaprimatus Kong, a species of giant gorillas 18-25 feet tall. Ann was scared at first, but after spending a day with him, and after the fight against 3 Vastatosaurus Rexes (giant descendants of Tyrannosaurus Rex 22 feet tall, 70 feet long, and 18 tons), Ann began to understand he's only a lonely gorilla, and only acts likes a monster began he was treated as such. Of course she was rescued by Jack, and Kong followed, trying to get her back. But Carl, after his camera was destroyed, captured him and sended him to New York for display on Broadway. When he was displayed, the camera flashes bothered him, and he broke out, causing mayhem while he was looking for Ann. When she was found, Kong was cornered at the Empire State Building, where he was eventually shot by the planes. The incident was not only the worst in New York at the time; it also shocked the world now that they know Skull Island was real. Since the incident, universities and private organizations were fumbling to dispatch teams and investigate the wonders. After legal fights, only a handful of the 2 dozen expeditions made landfall…They were not prepared for what lurks within. The islands inhabitants devoured the vast majority of the scientists. They suffered the wraths of predatory dinosaurs long believed extinct, as well as other creatures that were just as bad, or even worse. Giant, flying bat like rats picked them clean in the mountains, semi-aquatic reptiles ambushed them like crocodiles outside the island, and horrifying insects ate the rest from the inside out. There were several expeditions afterwards, all much better prepared than the first few, but still suffered losses. The expeditions stopped at the start of World War 2. But after the war, there will now be preparations for a new expedition for the trip to Skull Island. Join Carl Denham, Jack, Ann and their daughter as they make a return to skull island. ","Summary":" It has been 15 years since the awful incident in New York City. What happened was Carl Denham, a fi"},{"Movie":"King Kong","Title":"Rescate","Author":"Serpiente Emplumada V","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11253506","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hola, he vuelto, con otra historia de la pelicula King Kong del 2005, bueno siempre me pregunté, ¿cómo habían logrado Englehorn, Baxter y los marineros llegar a Discroll, Jimmy y Denham sin correr rasguño alguno?, bueno en base a esa pregunta cree la historia, que se podría considerar cómo una escena eliminada, ya que es un espacio entre la batalla por la supervivencia en el pozo de insectos gigantes, y la llegada para rescatarlos... Bueno King Kong no me pertenece sino a Peter Jackson... esperó que la disfruten El guardia esperaba en la puerta de la gran muralla el regreso de alguno de los hombres, faltaba una hora para que el plazo venciera y pudieran irse de la isla. Englehorn y otros ocho marineros estaban a los alrededores del lugar, de pronto el guardia divisó tres figuras, el actor Bruce Baxter y otros dos marineros. -Bueno, es hora de irnos-Dictó Englehorn. -No-Refutó Baxter-debemos ir por ellos. -¿Y por qué habría de hacerlo? -No sabes lo que hay aquí. -Pero me lo imagino, por eso desde un principio le advertí a Denham que no bajara. -Está bien, pero no debemos dejarlos morir-Englehorn miró hacía la entrada de la muralla la densa vegetación que se alcanzaba a apreciar. -Ya deben estar muertos. -No, cuando nos regresamos apenas iban a cruzar un lago-Insistió Baxter. -Bien, vengan otros seis, los demás quédense aquí-Ordenó, cargaron municiones, agua y se adentraron en la jungla. Caminaron entre la vegetación hasta pasar por el cadáver de un gran dinosaurio de tres cuernos, el cual había sido asesinado por Hayes. -¿Dónde diablos estamos?-Dijo uno de los marineros. Había huesos y collares hechos con ellos por doquier, los miraban con horror, ¡caníbales!, no podía ser cierto. -Esto es un maldito cementerio, los descuartizaron a todos. Englehorn observó los troncos de los árboles aplastados, por ahí debían seguir… Los mosquitos abundaban los marineros los aplastaban para evitar su picadura, eran muy grandes. Llegaron al gran cañón, debían apresurase si querían salvarlos. Los cuerpos aplastados de dos de sus hombres, Englehorn maldecía a Denham en sus adentros, pero se culpaba así mismo por haberle hecho caso de navegar por esas aguas. Caminaban con cuidando de no toparse con depredadores. La prótesis de plástico del camarógrafo yacía en el suelo ensangrentada, de la nada salieron tres raptores al acecho, dispararon rápidamente matándolos al instante. Subieron por una pequeña y dificultosa rajadura. Llegaron al comienzo del lago, de ahí se había regresado a la entrada Baxter, era inevitable que debían cruzarlo. -Comiencen a armar un bote con los troncos y la soga-Dictó Englehorn, los marineros y Baxter arrastraban troncos hasta la orilla para armarlo. Lo empujaron hacia el agua, cuatro marineros remaban con cuatro pedazos de tronco, mientras los otros dos, Baxter y Englehorn estaban alertas ante el peligro. Los manglares eran densos, ligeros chapoteos comenzaron a oírse a los alrededores del bote, escorpiones marinos comenzaron a subir para devorarlos, los marineros y Baxter les disparaban para quitarlos del bote. De pronto, por alguna extraña razón, se alejaron por voluntad propia, los demás tripulantes estaban alerta. Era una pesadilla, pero ya no había marcha atrás, habían decidido rescatarlos. En menos de un segundo un gran anfibio surgió del agua acechándolos, los marineros y Baxter comenzaron a dispararle, desvió su rumbo por otra dirección. -Ustedes-Dijo Englehorn a los cuatro marineros-no se detengan, continúen remando. El anfibio surgió nuevamente del agua, pero esta vez salto intentando aplastarlos. -¡Salten!-Gritó Baxter, faltaban diez metros para llegar a la orilla, nadaban frenéticamente. El anfibio devoró a uno de los marineros, otra baja para Englehorn. Lograron llegar a tierra firme sin más bajas. -Démonos prisa-Estaba furioso, harto, no le importaba la vida de Denham, sino la de los demás. Siguieron caminando por la densa jungla, encontrándose en el camino el cuerpo sin vida de una gran ave. Comenzaron a oírse a lo lejos disparos, seguían con vida. -¡Corran!-Exclamó Englehorn, y así lo hicieron, se comenzaban a oír más cerca conforme avanzaban más y más. En cierta parte del camino los disparos cesaron para luego ser opacados por los gritos de la tripulación y el sonido estruendoso de una superficie chocando contra las paredes de un pozo. Llegaron finalmente, montones de arácnidos gigantes bajaban por las orillas, Baxter ató la soga a un gran tronco, estaba dispuesto a bajar, Jimmy, Discroll y Denham estaban siendo acorralados, comenzaron a disparar a las orillas. -¡No se muevan! ¡Aléjense de los muros!-Indicó Englehorn. -¡Aquí voy!-Baxter se deslizo a través de la cuerda disparando a los insectos de las orillas. Los insectos cesaron, pero debían seguir alertas. Después de unos minutos subieron, los ayudaron a terminar de subir junto con Preston que estaba aferrado a unas lianas. Había perdido a dieciséis hombres, entre ellos su primer oficial y su cocinero, barbero y cirujano. -¡Gracias a Dios!-Exclamó aliviado Denham. -No a Dios-Refutó Englehorn molesto-sino gracias a Baxter, él insistió en una misión de rescate. Yo, yo sabía que estarías bien, es lo que odio de las cucarachas, no importa cuántas veces las tires al inodoro, siempre vuelven a escapar. -Oye amigo, yo logre escapar, ahora me seco las alas y recorro la taza-Respondió a su comentario sarcástico. Observaron cómo Jack subía por el otro lado, dispuesto a rescatar a Ann. -¡Discroll! ¡No seas tonto! ¡Déjala! ¡Es inútil! ¡Está muerta!- Insistía Englehorn, pero sin embargo Jack seguía esperanzado con encontrarla. -No lo está-Dijo Denham-Jack la encontrara, y el simio correrá tras él-Englehorn sabía que Carl estaba planeando otra idea suicida, imprudente y posiblemente también estúpida-aún podemos salir bien de esta, y más que eso, piénsalo, tienes un barco lleno de cloroformo que sería muy útil. -¿Quieres atrapar al simio?-No podía creerlo capaz de hacer tal cosa. Comenzó a burlarse de ello-no lo creo-la risa ceso. -No es lo que haces tú, capturar animales-Había dado un argumento sólido e inquebrantable desde cualquier punto que lo viera-dicen que eres el mejor-ahora no podía negarse con su reputación. -¡Jack! ¡Cuídate mucho! -¡Mantengan la entrada abierta! -¡Seguro amigo! ¡Suerte!-Jack se fue en busca de ella-lo lamento-dijo en última instancia antes de regresar hacía la muralla… Espero que les gustara, dejen sus reviews para alentarme a seguir escribiendo, nos vemos, hasta la próxima... Adiós... ","Summary":" Hola, he vuelto, con otra historia de la pelicula King Kong del 2005, bueno siempre me pregunté, ¿c"},{"Movie":"King Kong","Title":"Sun","Author":"AdraesteiaTheaN","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11481740","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Only the sun brings light Those below possess skin like the world at night. And I - darker than the sky, for I have no stars - am their sun. I do not shine, I do not bring life and daylight, yet my presence is just as powerful. Still, I am just as naïve as they are. I am just as dead on the outside, just as mechanical to follow my sun. But it felt like more than a sun. It was the seas and the wind and the fire and... the happiness. And I thought it was all mine, this special life that bewildered me with its presence. But I was wrong. The warmth became the overbearing scorch of the sun. And I thought I could hold it forever. Somewhere inside that's never been moved, there was this great sense of hope that pushed me so far that I became lost in the sky. I am no sun, I do not belong up there. But I have met my sun, and I know now that I am not dead inside. ","Summary":" Only the sun brings light Those below possess skin like the world at night. And I - darker than the"},{"Movie":"King Kong","Title":"Prudencia","Author":"Serpiente Emplumada V","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11070522","Passage":"[Chapter 1] HOLA, Les presentó esta pequeña historia, mi versión de la escena del pozo de los insectos gigantes... Lumpy es uno de los personajes que más admiro, quien sabe porque... y viendo la pelicula el fin de semana, se me ocurrió escribiral, bueno espero que la disfruten... Disparaba al gigantesco gorila para intentar por lo menos frenarlo, el tronco se sacudía violentamente para derribarlo. -¡Lumpy!-Oyó el gritó de ayuda de su amigo. -Choy- Tiro la ametralladora y se agacho cuidadosamente para no caer-toma mi mano-el gorila rugió y sacudió nuevamente el tronco, Choy resbaló cayendo al precipicio… Con su único ojo miró con horror como su mejor amigo desaparecía entre la oscuridad del abismo… Kong movió el tronco otra vez para finalmente tirarlo cuesta abajo. Chocó contra las rocas, él se sujetó como pudo para no caer… Finalmente el tronco se detuvo entre las paredes, todos se soltaron por el impacto cayendo finalmente al pozo. Estaba sobre una especie de fango, se levantó ligeramente, miró a su derecha; yacía junto a él su mejor amigo muerto… tomó su mano izquierda con la suya, estaba fría, ya no existía… Jack arrojó una bengala a lo lejos iluminando el lugar; los cuerpos de Hayes y de varios tripulantes muertos, regados por todas partes… La bengala se apagó… enormes bestias babosas parecidas a los gusanos emergieron del fango; tenían miles de dientes alrededor, el miró con sorpresa como se empezaron a acercar para comerse el cuerpo de Choy. Golpeó en el cuello a uno con su brazo derecho, luego a otro, después a otro dándole una patada directo a la boca, quiso sacar el cuerpo de ahí, pero una weta gigante se subió en él… se movió frenéticamente tratando de quitársela. -¡Quítamela!-Exclamo desesperado, Jack la agarró por la cola , pero se aferraba a Lumpy, finalmente después de un tirón se soltó de él para luego treparse a Jack. Sacó su machete del cinturón, quiso entrar a la zona fangosa, pero el cuerpo ya no estaba, había sido devorado, y si entraba sería un suicido… Prudencia… volteó a su izquierda para observar como Jimmy, Discroll y Denham luchaban contra wetas, arañas y ciempiés gigantes… Corrió en dirección a donde se encontraba Carl y comenzó a cortar insectos… ¡Mátalos!, gritaba Jack a Jimmy… Después comenzaron a salir en gran cantidad más insectos, los rodearon, no sobrevivirían a esta… Varios disparos comenzaron a oírse desde arriba… -¡Resistan!-Gritó Englehorn disparándole a varias arañas que bajaban. -¡Ah!-Gritó Baxter balanceándose con la cuerda mientras disparaba a los insectos… caían uno por uno, Baxter bajo… Disparó a otra que estaba peligrosamente cerca de ellos-vamos-Lumpy subió primero… Espero que haya sido de su agrado, espero dejen sus reviews... Adiós, me despido... ","Summary":" HOLA, Les presentó esta pequeña historia, mi versión de la escena del pozo de los insectos gigantes"},{"Movie":"King Kong","Title":"King KongEight Wonder of the World","Author":"RedWokka","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8360014","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 57 PART ONE: SKULL ISLAND \"I did not tell half of what I saw, for the world would not believe.\"-Marco Polo (1254-1324) CHAPTER ONE: THE VENTURE \"I need the crew, everybody on the boat by four today.\" Carl Denham said, who was on the chubby side with curly black hair, and no facial hair. \"No Carl, you can't do this…\" Another man said, but his name was Harry, who had straight brown hair and a mustache. The two people walked across a street, and into the building in front of them. It was a café, so they walked up to a table, and sat down. Soon enough, a lady came to sever them. \"May I help you?\" She asked. Carl looked at her long, blonde hair and blue eyes. \"Yeah...do you want to be an actress? Like one in an adventure film?\" Carl asked. The lady looked shunned. \"Well, isn't that every little girl's dream.\" Harry looked at Carl. \"Carl!\" He shouted out, raising his hand to point at Carl. \"We are looking for famous actresses! Even though we need a leading lady!\" \"I guess your right…\" Carl said, looking down. \"But welcome aboard!\" Carl said to the lady. \"All I need is your name!\" \"Ann. Ann Sparrow.\" She said, sitting down next to Carl. \"We're do we meet?\" A man with black hair, blue eyes, walked down the ramp leading onto the boat to see a car with Carl, Harry, and a young blonde lady in it pull up. When the car came to a complete stop, the driver, Carl Denham, got out. \"What is it Jack?\" Carl said, walking over to the door Ann was next to. He opened it, but Jack was still quiet. \"Ah, I was just waiting for you. It's five in the morning.\" Jack said, walking back up on the boat. Carl nodded. \"Yeah, whatever! My clock says…\" Carl looked down at his wrist watch. \"five…no wait! Make that four!\" Carl announced, changing the time back one hour. Jack watched from on board the boat. \"Whatever…\" He said, then he looked back. There, was an African-American man wearing a sailor's hat, a white shirt, and black dress pants. \"Yes?\" He said, looking at Jack. Jack nodded. \"Yeah, I never caught your name.\" Jack said, leaning against the railing on the side of the boat. Carl and company walked onto the boat beside him. \"Hayes. Lieutenant Hayes, World War One veteran sir!\" The African-American said. Carl budded himself in. \"Hey! I got a new leading lady! Ann Sparrow!\" jack nodded. \"Yeah, I saw.\" Jack said, laughing. \"Ann…what?\" \"Ann Sparrow.\" Carl said, then looking over to Hayes. Hayes walked over the them. \"I got myself a map…a map I woke up one day and this was on my chest. It's a map to…Skull Island!\" Hayes laughed, and Jack did too. \"Seriously, were does the map lead?\" Hayes asked. \"Skull Island.\" Carl said, pulling out a parched piece of paper. \"Looks old.\" Hayes said, looking at the paper. \"A South American island called Skull Island? Probably an old…native map.\" Carl laughed, and held the paper in Jack's face. \"What!\" Jack yelled. \"Look at it!\" \"I am!\" Jack boomed, shoving the paper away from his face. \"Whatever!\" Carl said, storming off with the paper in his hands. \"You have no sense of adventure what-so-ever!\" Jack looked at Hayes, and Hayes looked at Jack. \"Whatever. The Island probably doesn't exist.\" Hayes said, turning back. \"Englehorn should be here any second now.\" A plane landed on the landing pad next to Jack, who was drink some scotch on the deck of the ship. It was a bi-plane, four wings, with two seats. A man with black pants and a blue shirt got out. \"Englehorn?\" Jack asked, approaching the man. The man looked at him, then he put on a sailor's hat. \"Are we ready to go?\" The man asked. \"Are we! Spit it out!\" Jack nodded, and said, \"Yes. Everything is ready, we're just waiting on you, the captain.\" \"Alright, alright. I'll start up the engines.\" The man said, hooking up the last chain to the bottom of the plane. \"Where are we going?\" \"You got to ask Carl Denham that one.\" Jack said, finishing up his scotch. \"He's in the starboard.\" \"Alright…\" Englehorn said, looking at Jack while walking past him. \"but do you know where at least?\" \"Skull Island, I think. I don't know where it is, or if it really exists.\" Jack said, putting his glass down on the floor. \"Hey! You gotta' put that back in the kitchen!\" Englehorn said, opening a door. \"Get some sleep!\" A crew mate asked, with glasses and a mustache while pushing Jack into a cage. \"What the hell?\" Jack yelled, as he was thrown into the cage. \"Why do I half to sleep down here? It's freezing?\" \"Last place.\" The man said. \"Can I catch your name?\" Jack asked, furious. \"Lumpy is what they call me. I'm going on shore with Jimmy when we get to the island. If it's real.\" The man said. \"Yeah. Yeah, alright Lumpy.\" Jack said, as the boat's engines started. CHAPTER TWO: SKULL ISLAND \"Jack, Jack! You're in the shot! Can you move?\" Carl said, pushing a half-asleep Jack out of the way. Behind him stood Ann. \"Alright Ann!\" \"What is it Mr. Denham?\" Ann asked sitting down on a nearby bench. \"It's one in the afternoon! We gotta' start filming! So! Alright! Pretend you're on a hot summer day on this boat going to an unknown island!' Carl boomed. Ann eyed him, and then peeked over to see a man standing behind him wearing a white shirt with black hair. \"Who's that?\" Ann asked, and Carl looked behind him. \"Jack! Don't mind him.\" Ann noticed that while she was looking him up, he was looking her up as well. Jack gave a small smile. \"Wake up!\" Lumpy said, spitting on a sleeping Jack, waking him up. \"I'm awake!\" Jack said, standing up. \"We're getting close to the Skull Island.\" \"And?\" \"That's where the main filming of the movie will be.\" Lumpy said, walking back. \"We are nearly four hours away.\" \"Great.\" Jack said as Lumpy walked away. \"Jack, look at me! Jack look at me, you're turning green!\" Englehorn said, looking down at a boat. There were two other boats already in the water, but the one he was looking at had Jack, Ann, Carl, and Hayes in it. There was another man in it, but he was only there to row, not an actor like Jack, Ann, and Hayes. \"I'm doing better.\" Jack said, raising his hands in front of his face, then inspecting them. \"Good. Those are twenty-foot waves out there.\" Englehorn explained. \"I'll be flying around in the plane, for looks in the film. God knows what is on that Island!\" Englehorn chuckled. \"Yeah,\" Jack said, and then he looked down at his boat that was now in the water. \"I'll see you soon.\" \"I hope.\" Englehorn said, turning away. Englehorn inspected his plane, eyeing everything. \"Is it fueled?\" \"Yeah. Everything seems fine.\" CHAPTER THREE: UPON THE UNKOWN \"Carl! Englehorn said those are twenty-feet waves out there! Watch out! Those rocks are going to fall on us!\" Hayes yelled, while rowing the boat. \"Those little things? Nothing to worry about.\" Carl said, starting to step up his film equipment. He started to film. \"Carl! This is the middle of a storm!\" Jack said, pushing into Carl. Carl almost flung himself over the edge of the boat. \"What the hell Jack!\" Carl yelled, shoving Jack back. \"We got to-!\" Jack yelled, but before he could finish, a large ancient stone fell on the boat, sending them underwater. Jack heard screams. This was a scream of pain, a scream of the fear of losing a life. When he fully woke up, Ann was looking into his eyes. \"You're awake, finally. One of the sailors died upon impact, his skull was crushed instantly.\" Ann said, helping Jack up. \"Hayes is trying to contact Englehorn and the other boat with Jimmy, Lumpy, and Harry.\" Hayes fired a flare up into the air, in the direction to The Venture. \"That's good. Now our only hope is that he saw us.\" Hayes said, looking at Jack. \"Hey, Jack. I got something for you!\" Hayes explained, passing him a Luger Pistol. \"For the film?\" Jack asked, and Hayes nodded. \"Why do you think it's loaded? For the film, yes. For survival, yes.\" Hayes explained. Jack nodded. There was a bunch of ancient, stone stairs leading up to a dark cave. \"These stairs…somebody must have made these.\" Hayes said, but he looked behind him. Carl was filming the entire thing. \"This Island is amazing!\" He said, then he looked behind him, hoping to see Ann. Ann was beside Jack, who was behind Carl. Carl put away his equipment. \"Damn. It's too dark, I can't see six feet in front of my face.\" Hayes said, squinting to see inside the dark cave. Jack looked around at Carl, and Ann. \"I have something that might help.\" Ann said, walking into the cave far enough so nobody could see her. Then, the cave light up with a flare in Ann's hand. \"Thanks.\" Hayes said, then he spit on the ground as the group walked into the cave behind Ann. \"Ann!\" Jack said, pulling Ann back. There was a narrow passage, however wooden planks were on the ground, and walls. Behind the planks was stone, and rock. \"What Jack!\" Ann said, realizing she almost stepped into a pothole filled with water. Just ahead was a wooden door. \"Watch out.\" Jack replied quietly, pointing at the pothole. \"Thanks.\" \"No problem.\" \"Shut up you two!\" Hayes yelled, pushing Jack. Jack drew his gun. \"Do you hear that?\" \"What…\" Jack waited, so he could hear the noise. It was a noise of a crab walking. It was loud, and disturbing, for Jack. It send shivers up his back. \"it's a crab…\" \"Yeah….\" Carl said, pulling out his camera and starting to film. \"Carl!\" Hayes said, pushing the camera out of the way. \"What?\" \"There's a…crab we think if you can hear.\" Hayes ordered, and Carl put the camera back on his back. \"Ok…\" Carl said, pulling out a pistol. \"It's October tomorrow.\" Carl said, but Hayes snapped back at him. \"Shut up!\" \"Alright, Alright! Enough already…\" Carl said, aiming his pistol at the door while Jack slowly opened it up. The crab jumped at him, sending Jack back a few metres. Hayes, finger on the trigger, fired a round into the creature. The creature stepped back upon impact, drawing little blood, but it continued walking. \"Damn! It can take a nine millimetre round!\" Hayes said, seeing that the creature was still alive. Jack got up from his haze, and picked up his Luger. While he was still on the ground, he fired a nine millimetre into the crab. The crab stepped back, but this time it hid under its shell, going into a ball like form. \"Oh my god!\" Ann said, stepping back. \"Ann, you're going to be ok…\" Jack said, standing up. Carl nodded, and so did Hayes. \"Hey guys, what's to worry about…it's dead and you're going to be in Carl Denham picture!\" Carl yelled, but that scared the crab, and it jumped at Carl this time. While it was still in midair, it was shot dead by Carl. \"Three shots with a pistol…\" Hayes said, walking up to the dead body. \"impressive.\" \"I…don't know what to think…\" Ann said, walking up behind Jack. Jack stepped back, and bumped into the blonde. He looked back at her, and they looked each other up. Quickly, they stopped. \"What…?\" Carl asked, not expecting an answer. \"Why is there a giant crab?\" \"Are you filming that, yet Denham?\" Hayes boomed, mockingly. \"Ha, ha. How funny.\" \"Shut up you two!\" Jack ended as he stepped down behind the door. \"You know Jack, you're not so bad for a city boy.\" Hayes said walking over to Jack. The group followed. \"Yeah, whatever.\" Jack said seeing a light at the end of the large tunnel they were standing in. Water dripped from the roof. They heard sound of a bi-plane flying above the cave. \"It's Englehorn! He seen us!\" Ann gulped. \"We gotta' get out to clear land!\" Hayes bleated, as he turned his jog to a run. They entire group started to run towards the light. CHAPTER FOUR: SKULL ISLAND As the group left the cave, they found themselves on a small cliff edge, maybe two feet wide, extending across the edge declining in height until it came to an end at the bottom. At the bottom was a beach with a large, wooden gate. Two massive poles stood in front of it with levers on them. As the group reached the beach, Jack and Hayes grabbed on to the levers, and started to pull. \"Alright Ann!\" Carl said setting up his equipment. \"What Carl?\" \"Scream it Ann! Scream for your life!\" Ann screamed as loud as she could, after Carl started to film. RRROOOAAARRR! A massive, heavy, and wet roar roared across the island. Hayes and Jack stopped pulling up and down on the levers. \"What the hell was that?\" Hayes asked yelling. He got no answer. \"Shut up…\" Jack said, drawing his pistol and aimed it at the water. He could hear the same noises the crab was making in the water, but this time louder. They heard Englehorn's plane again. This time, a small wooden box dropped from it. They group gathered around it, and cracked it open. A shotgun, a letter, and some 00 Buck were inside. Hayes picked up the 00 Buck and the shotgun. He loaded his shotgun while Ann picked up the letter and read it aloud. Carl, Jack, Hayes, and Ann I'm sorry about Olga, the sailor you lost. To the point, I can't land, the entire island is jungle, mountains, and a massive lake with a cave near it…but there is a small open meadow opposite side of the island. \"He can't land…\" Ann said after she read it. Hayes nodded slowly. \"So we're stuck on the island?\" \"If we reach the other side…\" Jack answered. Boom! A massive, ten foot crab jumped up from the water, plashing the water everywhere. Jack aimed, and fired his Luger 9mm pistol. Hayes and Carl did the same. Ann, who was unarmed, watched from a safe distance as the men took it down. Bang! Bang! Bang! It took three nine millimetre rounds into its soft underbelly, each time letting out a roar of pain. \"It's going down!\" Hayes yelled, but Carl laughed. \"This island is a-m-a-z-i-n-g!\" Carl yelled in laughter. \"Is he crazy for something!\" Jack asked shouting as he pulled the trigger. \"Sometimes, yeah, yeah he is.\" Ann butted in. A final, fatal shot reached the massive crab in the soft, unprotected chest, letting the nine millimetre penetrate the skin and the soft bone underneath, and making a stop inside the crab's heart. That shot was fired by Carl. Carl started to set up again, and began to film. \"This…is amazing…\" He muttered, then Hayes and Jack started to pull the lever up and down again. \"It amazing that we almost died, wait one of did die on the island already.\" Jack commanded as the gate opened. \"These gates…they look old, but they work just like new…\" Hayes said as he pumped his shotgun, then hosted it on his back. \"Yes, yes. Odd, I know it.\" Jack said, walking ahead of the group now. He saw there was another gate with only one pole with one lever on that one. \"Another gate.\" Jack said. \"Somebody, or something must be making, or repairing this…\" Carl said, then he looked over at Ann. \"how ya' doing?\" \"I'm fine. Thanks.\" \"Aright.\" Carl finished, then walked over to the pole and pulled down on the lever. The gate opened. \"That one only took one push…\" Carl muttered, then looked back at Jack and Hayes. \"Yes?\" Hayes asked. \"Wanted to-Jimmy!\" He heard somebody yelling from behind the newly opened gate. \"Hey! Is anybody out there!\" The voice screamed. \"Yes! Yes! It's us! Carl Denham's boat!\" Jack screamed out, running in the direction of the boat. CHAPTER FIVE: JIMMY, LUMPY, AND HARRY There was another crate hanging in some tree branches, out of their reach. Hayes shot the crate, smashing it to the ground. They approached the battered and broken crate with caution, but it was from Englehorn. \"Jack…\" Slipped out from under Ann's breath, but she hoped nobody heard. \"Yeah?\" Jack looked back at her. \"Nothing…I was just going to say you should get that weapon…\" The weapons was a Model 1887 Shotgun, Lever-Action. Englehorn was a some-what of a gun fanatic, he had guns from around the world, from the civil war, from almost everywhere you could think of. Jack picked the shotgun up, and tossed it up in the air. He caught the lever in with his hand, and jolted his hand back while the gun was still mid-air. \"Thanks…\" Jack said to himself. \"Come on! Jimmy should be just around the corner!\" Hayes shouted, pulling Jack up by the shirt. Jack stumbled to his feet, but he was being pulled up by a sprinting Hayes. \"Ann!\" Jack yelled out, releasing himself from Hayes' grasp. \"What is it?\" She replied. \"Are you ok?\" \"I'm fine. Thanks…Jack.\" Ann said quietly, then approached Jack. Jack blushed for a second, then he continued to follow Hayes through the now think jungle like habitat. \"Stop!\" Hayes put his fist in the air, \"I think I can hear something….\" \"Jimmy?\" Carl asked quietly. \"Yup. Let's go!\" \"It's too rough! I can't land!\" Lumpy yelled, desperately attempting to steady his boat. He looked up and saw Hayes, Carl, Ann, and then Jack standing in that order looking down from them from the ridge. \"Jimmy! Lumpy! Harry! Are you ok!\" Hayes ordered. \"Yeah! I'm fine…\" An baby faced man, probably in his late twenties said aloud. \"Alright! When you land, make it to the…north side. Englehorn's plane is there.\" Hayes replied. \"Alight! We'll attempt to land!\" Lumpy shouted to Hayes. Hayes nodded. \"For the time being, we'll meet you there.\" Hayes shouted back. Jack nodded. \"Alright, we'll meet up with you somewhere!\" Jimmy shouted back, as he watched the groups slowly walk away into a nearby cave. \"Alright…we're on their hunting grounds now, so watch out!\" Hayes said as they entered the cave. Ann nodded, and so did Carl Denham. Jack acknowledged it, but did nothing. Jack loaded a 00 Buck shotgun shell into his Model 1887 Shotgun. \"Alight…\" He muttered. The group slowly moved throughout the cave, however, unlike the last one this cave was made cobblestone, not stone with wooden planks covering the walls and floor. \"Ann!\" Carl yelped. \"What?\" \"Are ya hanging it there?\" \"Stop it Carl, please.\" Carl's hand went into fists. \"Fine, whatever. You're the leading lady, I need you to be OK!\" Carl replied, and Ann laughed. \"If something was wrong, I'd tell you…\" Ann said, then she glanced over to Jack. Jack happened to glace back to her, but then she looked back. \"Carl! Leave the lady alone-What!\" Jack yelled, as a massive centipede crawled over the roof above them. Hayes ordered them to crouch down, so the group did. \"Don't shoot.\" \"Hayes…how do you know so much about weapons…\" Carl asked him. \"I probably told you already! I am a World War One vet!\" \"Alright…sorry I forgot!\" Carl stood up. \"Get the hell back down!\" Jack ordered. \"I'm the boss here.\" Carl replied back mockingly. \"If you're in charge here, you'd get us all killed!\" Hayes shouted back. Carl, standing up, ran past everybody, and down the narrow corridor. \"Carl!\" Hayes screamed, then he ran. Jack and Ann followed. Carl screamed. A massive, seven foot long centipede, jumped from his side and tackled the man. When Hayes caught up with Carl, he saw the massive creature wrestling with the man. Hayes fired a shot at the centipede, hopefully hitting it. He missed. Only around one pellet hit the centipede, inflicting very little damage. Jack caught up to Hayes, with Ann behind him. Jack aimed down his sights, and fired at the centipede. Nearly eighty percent of the pellets hit the creature, making the centipede fly off Carl. \"Ah…ah…Help me!\" Carl screamed as he watched the centipede curl up in a little ball and die. Ann rushed over to Carl. \"I know basic first aid…\" \"Is it OK?\" Carl asked her as he got up. \"Hey, you'll be just fine.\" \"Hey! Not me, I mean the set!\" Ann laughed. \"Yes, the set will be just fine.\" CHAPTER SIX: SCORPION As they left the cave, there was a massive valley, with mountains on all sides, except north. North to them was s cliff with a long, thin piece of wood going across it. A massive bat-like creature watched from above, hanging upside down on a old ruin. \"See there Jack, if there's no civilization here, why is there ruins?\" Hayes asked Jack. \"You're right.\" Jack watched the bat-like creature. The creature gave off a loud yelp like noise. \"God damn…\" Hayes muttered to himself as he loaded his shotgun and shot at it. Nothing hit it, but it woke the creature up. \"You got it's attention!\" Jack said mockingly. Nobody hear knew what they got themselves into. The bat-like creature flew towards the group of people, and Jack and Hayes fired at it, pulling back the lever and pumping after each shot. Before they knew it, the creature's head was mostly mush and it fell from the sky dead. \"Well…that one was easy enough.\" Carl said, walking forward. \"Carl! You're in charge of the movie, but also remember, we can die here.\" Hayes reminded Carl. Carl didn't say anything back to him. The group walked over to the cliff with the wooden plank going across it. Jack stepped on it to test its safety. \"It is safe.\" Jack said aloud. The group acknowledged this fact. \"Jack! You go ahead! You're on point!\" Hayes pointed across the cliff. Jack stepped carefully across the wooden plank. When he got across, the plank broke in half and tumbled down to the hard, stone floor below. \"I'm stuck over here!\" Jack yelled over to the party. \"Jack! I'm coming!\" Ann said, as she started to climb on a nearby stone wall that was to Jack's right. \"I'll cover you!\" Jack replied, hosting his shotgun on his back. He lifted his pistol from his holster. \"Jack…I'm coming…\" Jack saw that a centipede was crawling on the wall over to where Ann was. Bang! Jack shot the creature dead, the body fell to the ground below. When Ann got across, Jack walked over to her. \"I'm OK. Thanks for covering me.\" The two looked over the cliff to see Carl and Hayes watching. \"Jack! We'll meet up with you ahead!\" \"Alright! We'll see you there…\" Jack said as Carl and Hayes ran off. \"I hope…\" Ann patted him on the back. \"Think positive.\" \"Yeah, whatever.\" There was a tail bustling threw the bush. Swiftly, and silent, the scorpion moved threw out the dried and dead bushes. \"Ann…pass me the spear.\" Jack said quietly to Ann. \"Here!\" Ann passed him the spear. Jack took it hesitantly, then raised it to a throwing position. When the scorpion left he bush, finally, he threw it, hitting the creature below the tail. The creature slumped dead. \"Ann. We found some spears, that look new. Somebody lives here. Wooden planks, spears, and bridges…\" Jack said, and Ann nodded. \"Yeah. It's too...weird.\" The two walked through the bush together. It was quiet, nothing moved. Jack saw movement. He ordered Ann to back up. When Jack looked over to see what it was. It was fire. CHAPTER SEVEN: THE NATIVES After a few hours of walking north, avoiding creatures, and large, nearly two feet long bugs, they finally caught up with Hayes and Carl at a ridge. There was still a space, too far to jump, and there was no nearby resources to make a bridge across. \"Hey!\" Carl shouted, seeing two figures moving. He raised a shotgun. \"Carl!\" Jack shouted hearing the familiar voice. \"Is that you?\" \"Jack! Jack! Jack! Yes! Yes! It is me! It's me!\" Carl shouted in excitement, running up to as close as he could in the direction of the voices. Ann was the first to run up to Carl and Hayes, and Jack followed with his Model 1887 shotgun. \"Hi.\" Jack said to Hayes, and saw Hayes was holding a Springfield rifle with a scope mounted on it. \"Jack! I got a weapon for you. We were scouting up ahead for a bit, and Englehorn dropped down another weapon cache. It had a Springfield rifle,\" Hayes coughed. \"And then there's a note saying;\" Hayes pulled out a note. \"you know what, you can read can't you, hear take this:\" Hayes folded a paper airplane with the note, and threw it at Jack. Jack didn't catch it, but it landed at his feet. He picked it up, unfolded it, and then read it aloud: Carl, Ann, Jack, Hayes I see that you need weapons for the film, or do you? I gave you a Springfield rifle because I have flown ahead and saw that you are approaching long distances between long drops. Take it Hayes… Captain Englehorn Hayes threw the sniper rifle at Jack in exchange for his Model 1887 shotgun. \"Remember, this is a long range weapon, and it's deadly. Make every shot count.\" Hayes reminded Jack. \"I know Hayes.\" S-ss-h! \"What was that?\" Ann asked, but she got no answer. A centipede rose behind Ann, and Jack, but they haven't saw it. It rose higher, and higher. \"Jack! Holy-Behind you!\" Hayes got out of his mouth, he was lost in words. Jack looked behind him, and fired, form the hip, his rifle. Upon impact of the centipedes skin, it broke. It went through the centipede entirely, and hit the side of a mountain. \"Jack! Good job!\" Hayes laughed. \"Yeah, thanks.\" After the meeting, Jack and Ann took a right, going down an edge of a cliff. When they got to the bottom, there was a creek going down the entire ravine. \"Jack! You go down there, and I'll cover you form above! Just give me your rifle!\" Ann said, putting her hands out. Jack said nothing, but gave her the rifle. Jack jumped into the pool, and raised his pistol high above his head. \"Jack, watch out. There's a fish in there.\" Jack stopped swimming. He heard the sound of a fish swimming. \"Steady now…\" Ann said to herself as she looked down the scope of the rifle. Bang! She fired, and the fish went down to the bottom of the creek. \"It's clear Jack.\" Ann said, running up. \"How long is this?\" \"I can't see, it leads to a huge…wall.\" \"Wall!\" Ann laughed. \"Yeah.\" \"Well, I got to see this.\" Jack moved forward, keeping up with Ann. Ann made him stop again, then she fired another bullet. Another fish was sent down. \"Almost at the end here…\" After a while of stopping, firing, continuing, they finally came to the end after about an hour or so. There was a large gate, ajar to the creek. Then, on land, there was a large pole with a lever. \"Ann? You there?\" Jack asked. \"Yes Jack. I'm just,\" Ann paused. \"Going to pull this lever.\" \"Alright, I'll just hang in here.\" Ann laughed, but didn't say anything. Jack waited for the gate to open, it moved up slowly… and slower. After about ten minutes of going up and down on the lever, Ann stopped, because the gate was open. Jack was speechless, and Ann gasped. Nearly twenty 'natives' gathered around the gate. Each one had a spear, and wore clothes over there pelvis. Women wore a cloth over there chest as well. The started to mutter something when they looked at Ann. Jack could only make out one word that sounded like: Kong, before they threw a spear and Jack, sending him floating to the bottom of the lake, like a fish… CHAPTER EIGHT: KONG Kong-Kong-Kong-Kong-Kong-Kong-Kong! There was a heavy drum beat going to one word: Kong. \"Damn it…my hands are tied up…\" Jack muttered to himself, attempting to struggle free. He was tied to a wooden pole. He struggled, and struggled. \"Ann! Ann! Where are you?\" He yelled, but sooner or later, two wooden massive poles lowered with ropes hanging form it. What is on those ropes? Ann was. \"Ann!\" Ann screamed as the wooden poles moved lower. Jack, yelled out her name, then he heard somebody whisper something: \"This Island is…\" Jack couldn't hear the rest. \"Ann!\" Jack yelled again. Jack looked up at the sky, based on where the moon was, it was probally around four in the morning. \"Ann!\" Kong-Kong-Kong-Kong-Kong-Kong-Kong-Kong-Kong… It stopped, everything came to a stop. Jack looked at Ann, but then, he saw the forest in front of where he was. The trees were moving. He saw a hairy, ape-like hand reach out and grab Ann. \"Ann! Ann!\" Jack yelled, and the beat started to go again. Kong-Kong-Kong-Kong-Kong-Kong-Kong-Kong-Kong! \"Ann!\" Jack tried to work his way out. \"Jack, she's gone. I got it on film…\" A voice sounded from behind him. Jack looked around, and saw Carl walking up to him. \"I know!\" Jack yelled, but the beat came to a stop. \"Let me untie you!\" Carl said, untying him. \"Let's get out of here!\" Carl started to run, then so did Jack. They saw a bridge leading into the forest, so they ran across that. \"A-mooku looku! A-mooku looku!\" A native shouts from above, and Jack looked up. Large amounts of spears start to rain down at the two, but they all missed. \"A-mooku looku! A-mooku looku!\" \"Come on Jack! We got to hurry!\" Carl dodged a few spears, this time they were flaming. Jack followed shortly behind him. \"Carl! The jungle is right there!\" Jack yelled as he saw the natives have taken his Springfield rifle. \"Englehorn! I see him!\" Carl shouted, pointing up in the sky. There was a bi-plane flying above. \"Carl! That's the least of my concerns!\" Jack yelled, as the two ran into the jungle. CHAPTER NINE: RAPTOR \"Jack! We got to get that giant ape!\" Carl exclaimed. Jack nodded. \"And get Ann back. Hopefully she's not dead.\" \"Jack, she's OK.\" Carl said, then he ducked down because he heard some rustling in the thick trees. \"Jack…what is that…\" \"It's like two in the morning, I can't see six feet in front of me!\" Jack said, as he ducked down beside Carl. The noises form the got louder, and louder. \"Carl…I don't got a good feeling about this!\" A Velociraptor jumped from the bush at the two. \"Carl! You better be filming this!\" Jack said, looking back. Carl was. The raptor jumped up onto Jack, sending him to the hard, stone ground. \"Carl!\" \"Jack! This is perfect! It's amazing!\" \"Shut up! Help!\" The back toe claw of the raptor was about to slam down into Jack's stomach, until Carl threw a rock, a large one, at its head. That forced the raptor off, giving time for Jack to stand up. \"Jack! It will be easy! You can take it down!\" \"Carl, are you some type of retard? It's a dinosaur! How the hell am I supposed to kill it?\" Jack yelled looking around for a weapon. He found a spear laying down beside an abandon building. He ran for it, then quickly behind him, the raptor was too. The raptor jumped at him, but Jack already had the spear, and was in a defense position with the spear pointed towards the dinosaur's head. It's mouth was open, but that made an easy target for Jack. All he had to do was push forward at the right time. That's what he did. The Velociraptor fell forward, dead. Jack pushed it off. \"Ah ha! Jack Driscol, dinosaur killer!\" Carl yelled out, putting his equipment away. \"Hey, Carl where in the hell I Hayes?\" \"We got separated,\" Carl coughed. \"I was captured by the natives, but they didn't tie me up good enough. All what I had to do was pull hard and the ropes became undone.\" \"Go on.\" \"Then, I went rummaging around their village, to get my camera. No film was damaged, that's good right?\" \"Yeah. Go on, I'm listening.\" \"OK…ah, here I was walking over towards the giant wall…then I started to film, since they started to say; 'Kong-Kong-Kong' I'm pretty sure you heard it. I saw you, I was only round three feet behind you. They tied you up pretty good.\" \"That's it?\" \"Nope. I untied you-ah, you now the rest.\" \"Yeah, I do actually.\" CHAPTER TEN: T-REX Carl and Jack walked around, looking for Hayes for the past three hours. \"Hayes! Where are you?\" They two cried out. \"Carl, it's no good. He's not coming…he might be dead.\" Jack patted Carl on the back. \"But…he's a major character in my film.\" \"I know, I know.\" \"Hey! I'm over here!\" They heard \"What! I think that's him!\" Jack yelled, and Carl ran in the direction of the voice. They ran for around about ten minutes, until they finally caught up with Hayes. \"Carl, where the hell have you been?\" He asked. Carl laughed, \"Uh, were to start? I saw a giant ape capture Ann, got spears thrown at me by a punch of angry natives, and what else? He got attacked by a Velociraptor.\" Hayes laughed, \"How is Jack doing?\" \"I'm fine.\" \"That's good I guess, so what about this giant monkey.\" Carl cleared his thought. \"It's Kong! King Kong! The biggest gorilla you'll ever see! It captured Ann!\" \"Sounds unbelievable. Same as the dinosaur theory…\" RROOAARR! \"Carl, I think we found you're twenty foot monkey you're looking for.\" \"That's no Kong, it's something else.\" \"Whatever, let's go in that direction, because you probably never heard it, as a matter of fact, it doesn't probably exist.\" Jack stepped forward. \"I saw it too.\" \"You were probably having some hallucination.\" Hayes laughed out. \"Anyway, let's go towards that sound.\" \"You're right, let's go!\" Jack added on. On the way, Hayes looked at Jack. \"You don't have a weapon.\" \"Yeah?\" \"Then how did you kill the raptor?\" Hayes asked. \"With an old spear.\" \"Whatever.\" Hayes said as they reached a ravine. There was a bridge going across it. There was two figures on it. \"How are you?\" \"Well, my name is Harry, and his name is Gerald.\" \"Alright, come acro-dear god what in the hell is that?\" Hayes yelled out in excitement. A massive, T-Rex rose from the bottom of the ravine. \"Goddamn!\" Harry yelled out, as the Rex approached them. The T-Rex opened its mouth, and bit down on the bridge, snapping it in two. Gerald fell to his death at the bottom. Harry, however, was holding on to a piece of wood that broke free when it snapped in half. \"Help me Hayes!\" Hayes pulled out a pistol, and fired at the T-Rex. The T-Rex acted like it didn't feel it. \"Carl, I think I believe your raptor thing now.\" \"Good Hayes.\" \"Let's save Harry!\" Harry let go of the wood by accident, and le looked down. The T-Rex's mouth was open, and waiting for him to come. \"Harry!\" \"Hayes…\" Harry said as he faded into the T-Rex's mouth. \"Jack! We got to turn back!\" Carl said, grabbing on to Jack's shirt. Hayes looked back, and drew his pistol. \"Not until I kill the dammed beast!\" \"Hayes, Harry's dead. It's too late, and if you attempt to kill the beast, you'll end up like him!\" Carl tried to sway him. \"No! He must not die for no reason!\" Jack grabbed on to his shirt. \"Hayes! Don't do this! You'll die.\" Hayes paused, then looked back to Carl and Jack. \"You're…I hate to say it…but your right…I'll die…\" Carl cleared his throat. \"Come on! We got to get moving!\" Hayes turned around, and ran into a nearby jungle, Jack and Carl followed him. CHAPTER ELEVEN: THE GREAT LANDING There was a crate hanging by a parachute in a tree. Hayes shot it, causing it to fall from the tree. The crate broke upon impact. When they reached it, Hayes saw there was a note, and another Sniper Rifle in it. It was loaded when Hayes checked, but there was no spare ammo. Hayes handed the note to Jack. \"I can't read.\" \"OK.\" Jack replied, then he started to read the note aloud: Jack, Hayes, Carl and Ann You are still on the south end. The sea calmed down so The Venture is parked a little ways to your south. We can now start filming Carl! Jack put the note in his pocket, and looked up at Hayes. \"Well, then off to the south?\" \"You bet!\" Carl intercepted. \"I'm going right now!\" \"Welcome back, Carl.\" Englehorn welcomed the men aboard. \"Where is Ann?\" \"Kong took her.\" Carl replied. Englehorn looked confused. \"Kong?\" \"The ape.\" \"OK, Carl. So, is she dead, alive, injured? Do you have any idea?\" Jack stepped forward. \"Alive. I know it.\" Captain Englehorn laughed, and stepped towards Jack. He laughed. \"You're in love, aren't you, boy?\" Jack blushed. \"No…\" Jack paused, thinking up an excuse. \"I'm just…\" Englehorn laughed, and stepped back. \"I know, she's just your friend! But if she's with your so called 'Kong' then she's probably dead. Monkeys eat humans.\" Jack laughed. \"You're joking.\" \"I hope you know that I have .30 calibre rifles aboard, Carl?\" Englehorn changed the topic. \"Yes, and extra film. I'll show you what I have already.\" \"Did you get Kong, on it I hope.\" \"And dinosaurs.\" \"What? Are you kidding me?\" \"No, he's not,\" Hayes replied. \"I was the same way like you when they told me. But, Kong…\" Hayes paused, then looked out at the sea. \"is real. I saw a T-Rex for damn sake!\" \"You're crazy-I think Lumpy and Jimmy are here!\" Englehorn exclaimed, rushing over to the side of the boat. \"Harry's dead…!\" Hayes said quietly. Carl looked at him. \"And?\" \"Damn it Carl! You don't see it do you?\" \"Yeah, I see big amounts of cash when Kong's name shines across New York, Hollywood…\" \"Carl! People are dying!\" \"Yeah, too bad I didn't catch it on film.\" Hayes jumped up at Carl. \"Go to hell, Carl,\" Hayes pointed at Carl. \"You, I'll see you in hell.\" \"Meet you there friend.\" Carl replied as he walked away. Englehorn was against the rail, with Jack to his right. \"Jimmy, Lumpy! Did you catch the note?\" \"Yeah, Harry and Gerald are missing though.\" Jimmy replied. Hayes walked up behind them. \"It's because there dead. Gerald fell to his death, and Harry was eaten by a T-Rex.\" Englehorn laughed. \"Yeah, right buddy.\" Jimmy, and Lumpy got onboard. Jimmy sat down on the floor, while Lumpy stood up. \"There's something on that island…\" Lumpy continued. \"that's out to get us…we better go.\" Lumpy said quietly. Englehorn chuckled as quietly as he could. \"Carl, Jack, Lumpy, Hayes, Jimmy, you are all lunatics.\" Jack looked at Englehorn. \"Why don't we put you on that island?\" \"That's what I was thinking. Five people come aboard saying they all saw dinosaurs, and giant monkeys named Kong, so I guess I'll have to see this giant monkey for myself.\" Englehorn recommended. Carl stood up. \"Then let's get those Tommy Guns and extra film!\" CHAPTER TWELVE: THE BIGFOOT THEORY Jack looked around, and continued walking past. Hayes was looking everybody over, if they were missing one prop, one little detail, Hayes would be kicked from the crew. \"Stop!\" Hayes called out to a rather small figure with a bag over its head. The figure stopped in front of Hayes. Hayes pulled the bag off from his head, revealing it was Jimmy. \"Jimmy, you'll get yourself killed. Go back to The Venture.\" \"No, Mr. Hayes. I'm an actor, not a fighter,\" Hayes grabbed his shirt. \"and either way, I survived two days on my own, like you on this island using a Luger and makeshift spears.\" Hayes let go off his shirt. \"Go on…\" Hayes replied quietly. Jimmy reached out and patted his back. \"I'll be OK, Hayes.\" \"I hope Jimmy, I hope…\" Jimmy walked on by. Hayes stopped more people on the way. Lumpy was next. \"Stop!\" Hayes cried out. Lumpy stopped. Hayes inspected him. \"Clear, you can move forward.\" Lumpy nodded and moved forward. \"That should be everybody…\" Hayes said to himself. He looked around, Englehorn was last. \"Hayes, I'm carrying back up film…not weapons. I'm not any sort of actor,\" Englehorn paused. \"well, I did do some plays in my teens, but that was around twenty years ago.\" \"Twenty? Aren't you like thirty?\" Hayes asked Englehorn. Englehorn laughed. \"I'm forty three.\" Hayes paused. \"Oh, OK.\" Englehorn walked past him. Englehorn was followed by Hayes. They were walking through thick jungle, but it wasn't very dark. There was the occasional large opening, and cracks of sunlight peered through cracks in between leaves, braches, and trees. The entire crew was gathered around an opening. Englehorn approached it, and Hayes pushed his way to the front. \"My god…\" Somebody muttered. When Englehorn saw it, he gasped. \"God damn it Hayes! You weren't lying!\" Englehorn thought aloud. Hayes laughed, and looked what they saw. It was a massive footprint. Lumpy stood up from the crowd. \"I know what this is!\" \"What?\" Englehorn asked. \"Bigfoot,\" Lumpy exclaimed. \"no creature can have a foot that big!\" Jack laughed, and Carl looked at Englehorn. \"It's Kong, Englehorn.\" Carl whispered to Englehorn. Englehorn went from a small smirk, to a straight face. \"You better not be lying. I hate liars.\" \"I'm not,\" Carl pause. \"guaranteed.\" The group walked for a long time, almost half the day. After supper, which consisted of some beef and apple juice, they found themselves at a bottom of a large ravine. Thump, thump, thump, thump, thump… Lumpy aimed his Tommy gun at the end. \"What was that?\" Carl asked. \"Something…\" Lumpy said, running to the end of the ravine. The group walked behind. When he reached the end of the ravine, Lumpy stopped, and looked behind him. \"Englehorn! Come up here.\" Breaking himself from the crowd, Englehorn ran forward. He too stopped dead in his tracks. Around twenty Brontosaurus' were eating at tops of trees, and grass from at the ridge on top of the ravine. \"Hayes, you got me convinced!\" Englehorn yelled back. Hayes reached up to them. \"What in the world?\" Hayes said aloud. \"You got me convinced…\" Englehorn repeated, watching the creatures. After a few minutes of watching, Carl caught up with them. \"Alight! We didn't just come here to sit around and watch dinosaurs did we?\" Carl said, starting to step up his equipment. \"Why don't you make just a documentary on dinosaurs?\" Hayes asked, still watching the beasts. \"Kong is more entertaining.\" Hayes didn't reply. After Carl got everything setup, he looked at Lumpy. \"Go ahead! Shoot them!\" Lumpy stepped forward, grinning. Lumpy blindly fired at the dinosaurs, the .30 calibre hit penetrated there thick, rough grey skin. The ones unluckily enough to get hit looked at Lumpy, and slowly move towards him. Lumpy fired more, still smiling happily at them. \"Carl! How's this?\" \"Awesome Lumpy, keep it up!\" Carl said, filming the entire thing. \"Yeah! Yeah!\" Lumpy yelled out as he shot at the approaching Brontosaurus. Englehorn stepped back. \"Whoa there, Carl…I think you should stop now…\" \"No! This is too good!\" Jack came up behind them. \"Carl! What the hell are you doing? Those Brontosaurus' will kill us! Let's move like the rest of us!\" Carl looked down, and took down his equipment. \"Lumpy…let's go!\" Carl rushed off following the crowd, Lumpy not far behind. Englehorn spat on the ground first, then he started to run behind Lumpy. \"Lumpy! You shouldn't of shot at them!\" \"I'll do anything for cash! I'm almost broke!\" Lumpy boomed as he ran back into the forest. The cast was sitting down, panting. Lumpy, and Carl sat down. \"Alright! Who thought that was cool!\" Carl got no answer. All what they did was look up at Carl, and Carl looked down in misery. PART TWO: KING KONG \"Moral indignation is jealousy with a halo\"-H.G. Wells (1866-1946) CHAPTER THIRTEEN: THE LOG Two days later, three quarters of the filming has been completed, and Englehorn, and two other people went back to the ship, to restock on supplies, food, and ammo. \"Carl! There's a log going across the ravine!\" Jimmy shouted out, pointing at a massive mass-covered log that went across a ravine. The ravine was too dark to see what was in it. A shimmer of water in sunlight was what Hayes could make out of it. \"We're going across!\" Carl demanded, stepping on the log. \"and it's safe!\" He added on. Hayes was first, then Carl. Jack, Jimmy, Lumpy, and another crew mate followed. Hayes looked below. \"If this breaks so help me…\" Carl looked back at him. \"It won't trust me.\" \"You're retarded!\" Lumpy snapped back. \"But I control your pay, remember that. Jack doesn't talk much-!\" Carl snapped back at the crew, but Jack interrupted him. \"Shut up! Let's concentrate on trying to balance across this log!\" Jack screamed. They stopped, and there was a 'disturbance' in the trees. \"Oh my god…\" Hayes muttered to himself. Suddenly, a massive twenty foot gorilla popped from the trees, and Hayes fired his Tommy gun at it, but it had no effect. The creature looked at Hayes, and reached for him. Carl watched, and so did Jimmy. \"Mr. Hayes!\" Jimmy cried out, fired ten shot at the gorilla with his tommy gun. Kong held Hayes in front of his face, and more bullets hit it. They had little effect. \"Kill me if you want, ape!\" Hayes said aloud, and Kong started to hold Hayes with both hand now. With a sudden thrust, and a crack, Hayes' back was snapped, snapped by Kong. Kong let go of Hayes' dead body, and threw it to the bottom of the ravine. They could hear another snap. Kong now grabbed onto the log, and started to move it back and forth, side to side. The crew hanged on for dear life, but that had little use when Kong flipped the log over, dropping the entire crew to the bottom of the ravine. CHAPTER FOURTEEN: MANY LOSSES HERE TODAY Lumpy woke up, next to a body, all broken and torn. He moved it. \"Wake up!\" He commanded, but he realised that body was Hayes. He stood up, and saw around four foot grasshoppers moving down the wall. Carl woke up, next to Jimmy. Jimmy was already awake, when he saw Carl get up. \"Hayes! Lumpy! Jack!\" Lumpy shouted out. \"Carl!\" \"Me and Jimmy are over here Lumpy!\" Carl cried out, as he looked around. He swathe the grasshoppers moving as well. Carl felt lighter for some reason. He felt like something that was on his back, is now gone. He felt back. There was no camera, or any film in his back. They had a matter of second before the bugs overwhelmed them, as million crawled on the walls as they spoke. Carl looked at where he woke up. There, all broken, his camera lay there, with much ruin film scattered around. He started to cry, and picked up the broken camera. Jimmy now stood up, and Jack was running over to them. Lumpy looked at where he was, there was a pool of water next to him. \"Bugs don't like water…\" He said to himself, as he stepped into the water. Carl screamed, the grasshoppers overwhelmed him, but he was slashing at them with his camera. Lumpy had a machete on him, and saw a massive worm like creature with a mouth on top wake up. He cut its head off, but more awoke around him. He felt something crawl up his leg, so he looked down to see one of the 'worms' starting to eat his leg. Both of his legs now, were being eaten by two massive worms. \"Help! Help!\" He cried, but realised the others had their own problems to deal with. He felt his arm being chewed on, losing his machete. Now, he felt his other arm being eaten. \"God!\" He yelped out, looking up. A massive worm with teeth, and it's mouth, slowly but surely wrapped around his head. As he screamed, they slowly submerged him in the water. Jack watched the poor man do down, \"Lumpy!\" He screamed out, but nobody had the time to help him. Jack, who kept a hold of his pistol, drew it from its holster. He saw the creatures moving in, and that Carl slashed away at the grasshoppers. \"Carl!\" A voice sounded from above, then a machine gun crackled. Carl couldn't hear the voice, but Jack looked up and pointed. Captain Englehorn stood above, wielding a tommy gun. \"Boys! I'll get ya' outa' there!\" He said, dropping a rope down, and climbing down half-way. Using both of his legs, he pushed against the wall, and made him swing across the massive crack in the ground. He was firing his tommy gun as he swung, quickly killing the beasts. Jimmy saw that Englehorn was there. \"Where is the rest of the crew!\" \"They're coming!\" Englehorn replied, looking up for a brief moment. \"They are here now!\" The remaining crew members threw Molotovs down there, creating fire. It burned some, and scared off the ones that weren't dead. CHAPTER FIFTEEN: HAYES, AND LUMPY \"Is everybody alright?\" Englehorn asked, after Carl climbed the rope to the surface. Carl looked at him. \"Lumpy is dead…\" He made out. Englehorn commanded him to sit down next to him. \"I heard about Gerald and Harry…as well.\" Jack reached the surface, and saw Carl sitting beside Englehorn. Carl broke down, and started to cry. Jack looked down ravine, to see Haye's broken and crippled body, and…a broken log. \"Hayes is also dead.\" Englehorn looked down, and shed a tear, and Jimmy, was crying hard. \"I know about that gorilla Carl.\" \"What?\" Carl moaned quickly back. \"On our way here, we heard it's yells from miles away. Then, it attacked us on our way here…\" Am idea popped into Carl's head. \"Eh! Englehorn!\" \"What?\" \"You're boat was used to capture circus animals, right?\" \"Yes, yes it was…whoa! Carl, I know where you're going…\" \"Do you have tranquilizers?\" \"Some left, around a hundred or so. I got most of the 'good stuff' left.\" Englehorn said, standing up. \"Then…let's capture Kong.\" Carl said over his tears. \"Carl! Are you half-retarded or something? If capturing him is possible, and if we carry him on the boat The Venture will slowly sink! Either way, we'll die!\" \"But Ann is still missing…\" Jack added on miserly. Jimmy looked up, still crying. \"Like something Mr. Hayes would say, let's go getter her!\" Englehorn slowly nodded in disagreement. \"If you have a death wish, go find her,\" he hesitated. \"because she's probably dead!\" Jack jumped up, and grabbed Englehorn's collar. \"I don't think she is.\" RROOAARR! \"What the hell was that?\" Jimmy cried, \"Kong. King Kong…\" Carl added on. CHAPTER SIXTEEN: THE RAFT Slowly, but surely, they moved down the river, with two boats. Jack, and Jimmy were on one, Englehorn, and Carl were on the other, each man with a Tommy Gun, except for Jimmy. He carried Hayes' traditional pistol. \"Here we go,\" Englehorn said slowly, and quietly. There was bridges going across the river. \"we have to duck if we want to get across…\" And so they did. As they passed under the bridge, Jack observed to see what it was made of. Wooden planks, and the occasional mud, missed with clay block. The clay, and mud kept the wooden planks from leaking and, from falling apart, into the river below. As they passed the bridge, they raised back to a crouch again. If they stood, they would surely topple off. Kiwi! Kio! Kio! Craak! Craaaaak! The native's shouts were so loud, that they felt it in there chest. Englehorn looked at Jack's raft. \"Hey…I got another group of the cast onshore, so they can provide…cover if things go south.\" \"Sure, thanks…\" Carl said, pulling Englehorn closer. \"make sure you have enough…\" \"What…I am sure I do.\" Englehorn muttered looking at Carl. Carl let go of his white shirt. \"Jack! Jimmy! Look out behind us!\" Carl was able to mutter, but before they knew it, he was back. Not Kong. Not a native. The T-Rex, killer of Gerald and Harry. \"Oh, my god…\" Englehorn muttered, raising his machine gun. Jack heard his rifle crackle, as the T-Rex moved closer. \"Jack! Row, I'll keep you covered!\" Jimmy commanded. \"Sure thing move!\" Jack replied in an instant, starting to row at the sides, and Jimmy raised his pistol, ad fired. \"Take this!\" Jack said, passing Jimmy his Tommy Gun. Jimmy took it, but slipped the pistol in his holster. Englehorn and Carl did the same thing. Carl rowed, and Englehorn shot. \"Only if I had my movie…\" Carl said, then felt a heavy blow to his lower back, he looked back ,and saw Englehorn move his foot away. \"It's about the lady now, Denham!\" Carl got back to rowing, \"Yeah.\" Jimmy stopped from his shooting, and looked ahead. \"Watch out! There's some rapids coming ahead!\" Jack slowed down, and stopped rowing. \"It's stopping,\" Jack paused, and saw that the T-Rex stopped running. They all looked back to see the creature stop. CHAPTER SEVENTEEN: TO SAVE ANN \"Why did it stop?\" Englehorn asked, but quickly found out. The T-Rex turned around, face-to-face with Kong. The gorilla had Ann in its hand. She screamed, and looked at Jack. \"Ann!\" Jack yelled, and raised his rifle at Kong. He didn't care if he missed, and hit the Res instead, but he was aiming for Kong's eyes. \"Kong! Kill it! Ha!\" Carl stood up and yelled, but Englehorn put him in a head lock. \"Carl! Let's kill this!\" Englehorn was cut short, they finally reached the rapids. When Jimmy and Jack reached it, they had little luck and was thrown from their boats. Jack screamed as he went down, but he noticed that the water wasn't very deep, enough for him to stand up to his knees in, however, the rapids threw him down every time. \"Jack! Jimmy!\" Ann said, struggling to get free of Kong's grasp. Kong saw he struggling, so he let her down. He needed both hands to fight this creature. Ann, landed in the water. She instantly ran towards the rapids as Kong tackled the massive prehistoric king. \"Ann!\" Jack said, standing up. They had gotten through the rapids already, quick, but powerful falls they were. Jack hoped never to go through that again. When Ann got through to the rapids, she lay down, let the rapids overwhelm her. She wanted to get past the rapids, and back to the crew. And Jack. She screamed as he was tossed around like a toy in the rapids, down, down, then a wave would come and through down another few feet down. When he got through it, her dress soaking wet, and ripped and torn from whatever happened in the Jungle, she quickly stood up, with the help of Jack. They stood in a opened clearing, with shallow water there. It was almost a circle carved form stone, however, there was a large crevasse that you could see the beach from it. Ann hugged back, when she stood up. Jack hugged her back. \"I missed you…\" Ann said quietly. \"I did too…\" Jack said, but he wasn't sure what to say. Jack wasn't the ladies type, he only had two girlfriends back in New York, one, Hilda Masterson (his current one, she is an actress, like Jack. However, Jack is an actor), and Tilly Toyed. \"Thanks Jack.\" Ann realized that Englehorn and Carl were watching, so she quickly moved back, not hugging Jack anymore. \"Alright! Now that the lovers are done,\" Carl looked over to Jack. \"I have a girlfriend in New York…\" \"Carl! See that crack! Let's go through it, and then get to the back. From there, we can return to The Venture!\" Englehorn demanded. \"Fine, before…Kong comes to get us!\" Carl said, as the crew walked into the crevasse. \"That crevasse can't be safe!\" Carl shouted, attempting to make them change their minds. However, when Kong slammed the T-Rex, right next to him, and sent the wall flying into pieces, he sure ran into the crevasse. When they were on the beach, Carl sat down, on the sand. Englehorn sat down next to him. \"What's the matter?\" Englehorn asked. Carl looked at him. \"It's the film…\" \"It broke didn't it.\" \"That's why we have to capture Kong!\" Carl jumped up from his sitting position, and walked towards the west, the direction The Venture was in. Jack looked back at Englehorn, \"Where is the other party of men you put for ground cover?\" \"Oh, they'll be coming…I hope.\" Englehorn answered. CHAPTER EIGHTEEN: THE OTHER PARTY \"Hey! Pass me another round will you, I'm dry.\" A man with a stubby beards asked. \"Sure thing, one…what gun do you have?\" Another man demanded. \"Well, it's a Springfield. With a scope.\" They heard loud, strange noises. Like there was a demolition crew, blowing up whatever the hell they were blowing up. \"Hey, Mike! Here's your round!\" The other man said, passing the man with a stubby beard. Mike caught it, and loaded his gun up. \"Englehorn and his crew should be coming soon, right Alex?\" The man who passed him the clip, nodded. \"Yeah, anytime soon.\" Alex added. \"Right, alright,\" Mike stood up. \"We're going of find out whatever in the world that is making those rucks.\" Alex stood up. \"Hey, do you think that this is all…like Martians from mars or something?\" \"No.\" Mike walked closer to him, \"why do you think that! There are dinosaurs here.\" \"Well, have you ever read H.G. Wells' War of the Worlds ? There are these things called Tripods…\" \"Shut up!\" \"And have you ever read another great book by Wells? The Time Machine ? 'Cause in there, there are these Mor-!\" \"Shut up! There are no Martians in Tripods here, or evolved human beings. If anything, there are dinosaurs, which we both know were dead! But here, alive.\" \"What if they are around the world?\" \"Then, the army would have control of the current situation.\" Mike stepped back. \"Yeah.\" Alex added on, then, he saw a massive black figure moved through the bush. \"What the hell was that?\" Mike added as he jumped up, and raised his rifle to aim down its sights. \"Tripods…Morlocks…anything really!\" \"Shut up!\" Mike commanded him, pushing himself, and Alex into the ground. \"What?\" \"It is Kong…that thing Englehorn told us about…I don't got good feelings about this…\" Mike whispered, as the massive gorilla moved towards them slowly. \"Don't move…\" Mike paused. \"then he won't kill us…\" Alex, as commanded, stayed quiet, as Mike told him to do. The massive gorilla moved slowly passed, them, until it sniffed twice, and it quickly looked in their direction, moving closer. Alex was battle ready, and jumped up, with his Tommy gun ready. He pulled the trigger, and hit Kong in the face with several bullets. Kong was mad. He was furious, and was unpredictable. He charged at Alex, and ran him over, crushing his body. Kong! Kong! Kong! Mike heard as he watched Alex's crippled and broken fall. The natives were coming for him, the closer the Kong, Kong, Kong! Came at him, they closer they were. He went into a prone position, and slowly crawled towards Alex's body. When he reached it, he grabbed his arm. \"Alex…\" Alex was still breathing. \"you shouldn't of done that…\" \"I thought…it was the right thing to do…\" Ales coughed up blood. \"And you said go with your gut feeling. \"Yeah, I just might've.\" CHAPTER NINETEEN: THE REUNION Mike moved forward more, leaving the dying Alex to his fate. He figured it was the right thing to do, partly because The Natives are coming, and that Kong was there, coming at The Natives. After twenty minutes of straight crawling, the Kong! Was quite now, and all he could hear was screams of The Natives being torn apart by the massive ape. Mike stood up, and looked around. \"I can hear the ocean…\" He said to himself quietly. \"That means…the beach is….that way!\" He said, pointing ahead. \"but a jungle, and probably more dinosaurs are in my way.\" Mike ran ahead, then he checked to see how much ammo is in his rifle. Four bullets, on back up. \"Come at me!\" He yelled into the trees, as he heard something rustling. \"Come at me!\" But all he heard, was more rustling, so he approached it, and lifted the bush from his face. He jumped back in fear, but also in stupidity. It was Fred, the first mate, who was also on their team, but he ran off in fear. Mike grabbed him by the shirt, and threw him against a tree. \"What the hell where you doing?\" \"Nothing…fear makes you so stupid things…\" \"Yeah, whatever! Help me get to shore!\" \"Sssshhh!\" Fred quieted him. He heard voices, coming from ahead. \"Ann! I think that the bar you worked at needs you…\" \"It was my last day, then it was vacation for me.\" He heard them say, and Mike jumped up. \"It is the crew!\" Fred ran in that direction, with Mike following. \"Stop right there!\" When they reached the beach, Mike tackled Fred. \"Englehorn is mad at you still.\" \"But he's forgot about that I hope…\" Fred pried Mike off, and ran towards the voices. When they reached the voices, they saw Ann, Jack, Carl, Jimmy, and Englehorn walking, \"Mr. Denham!\" Mike cried. Carl looked back, gun drawn. \"It's Fred and Mike!\" Englehorn turned around, and the group came to a stop. Englehorn stepped up and said, \"Fred! Get back to The Venture right now! We need to talk!\" \"Yeah, right on it!\" Fred said as he ran towards the group. When they reached The Venture, Jimmy and Carl went below deck, Jimmy for sleep, and Carl to check tranquilizers. Jack, and Englehorn sat down on benches up top, as Mike poured them some scotch. Fred walked up the ramp, and said, \"So! You wanted to talk?\" Englehorn looked at him. \"Yes, we do. And by talk, I don't mean talk. I mean…let's speak below deck. Five minutes later, Englehorn and Fred walked above deck, but quickly walked off. Another five minutes later, Englehorn came back, without Fred, his arms of the shirt all wet. \"There, we can drink now, then capture Kong in the morning…and then…off to New York!\" Englehorn laughed. \"Home sweet home.\" Jack added. Carl walked up. \"Englehorn, don't you live in Chicago.\" \"Two houses, one in Chicago, where my wife and kid lives…\" for some reason, Englehorn closed his eyes, and then continues. \"I might add Fred won't be with us anymore. So, anyways, my apartment in New York is where I live when flying, or when I'm on 'business' trips.\" \"I see now.\" Carl said, sitting down on the same bench as Jack. CHAPTER TWENTY: A KING FALLS \"Rise and shine!\" Mike said, hovering over Jack. Jack woke up quickly, and got dressed. He was sleeping in Fred's old room, since he 'is not with us anymore' as Englehorn puts it. When Jack got up to top deck, he heard Ann's screams. Then, followed but Kong's yell. Then, a faint Kong, Kong, Kong! Today, it was an extremely clear day, and Jack looked out to see how close they were actually to The Wall. You could see it, no more than a mile away. \"Ann! Kong will be here any minute!\" Carl was over whelmed. \"Keep it up.\" Meanwhile, on a nearby ridge, Englehorn was spraying chemicals in the air, and Jimmy, and Mike were setting up tranquilizer rifles, nearby Englehorn's position. Kong was ripping through the wall, thinking he was coming to Ann's rescue, not knowing it was a trap. The Natives, despite best efforts to calm, and now even kill there god, Kong down, they were failing, and loosing much. \"Mochu-Looku! Hui-Looku!\" A female native yelled out, throwing a spear at it. \"It's Kong…\" A Native said, who could speak English, and was watching from a safe point. \"It's Carl Denham's fault…\" After an hour of massacring The Wall, he was finished, and was approaching shore. He heard Ann's screams again, and he came closer, and closer. Jack could hear Kong's footsteps getting closer. \"It's mad…\" Jack said to himself as he was handed a bottle of chemicals by a crew member. \"It's for Kong.\" Ann who was almost crying, after the time she spent with Kong, she had gained a liking for Kong, and 'became friends' with Kong. Kong burst through onto the shore, and almost hundreds of tiny, small dart came flying through the air, and piercing his thick skin. Jack watched from above, and saw that Kong was having trouble standing up already, \"Carl! It's Kong!\" \"What? I can't hear you!\" Carl said from on shore. \"Never mind! I'll tell you later!\" Jack said louder. Carl nodded, and threw a bottle at Kong, hitting him in the face. Kong slouched down, and said there for a few seconds, before jumping up, and hitting the mountain side. \"Kong! Stop it!\" Ann yelled, but she knew it had little effect on the situation. Kong moved closer towards Englehorn's position, until Englehorn was directly on top of The King. He jumped down, and landed on the back of Kong's neck, and Englehorn had a bottle of chemicals still in his hand, and smashed it in Kong's face. Kong, slowly, and surely, dropped to the ground. Jack dropped the chemicals, and walked over to where Kong was laying down. Englehorn was standing on top of him, with Carl by his side. \"Look here!\" Carl announced to the crew, giving Ann a distrusted look on her face. \"Englehorn! The man who puts King's to rest! The man who captured Kong! The Eighth Wonder of the World!\" Ann walked up to Jack, and moved into his arms. \"It's…OK Ann…\" Jack said, patting her on the back. After they moved Kong on the boat, they all went to their quarters for rest. \"It'll be a day back to New York, so sleep please!\" A crew member announced. Jack was laying down, and was almost asleep when Ann came into his room. \"Aren't you supposed to be sleeping in your room?\" Jack asked?\" \"No. I want to sleep here, with you.\" Ann said quietly back. Englehorn looked back at Skull Island for the last time, The Natives were on the shore . Carl walked up behind him. \"What's that you're looking at?\" \"The Natives.\" Englehorn quietly responded, pointing towards the large group of Natives, standing right there, where The Venture used to be. Carl gasped. \"You know what Englehorn?\" \"What!\" \"After the film was wrecked, and I had a near death experience…\" Carl looked over at Englehorn. \"It wasn't near death. When I saved you, you were perfectly fine.\" Englehorn corrected him. Carl just ignored him, and inhaled some of the night air. \"Never mind so, where did you put Kong?\" Englehorn walked over to a bench, and sat down. \"In the holding cells. Where we kept all the other zoo animals. The fella' I big, but not very heavy I seems.\" \"You The Venture is heavy?\" \"You may be right, but a twenty foot gorilla has got to weight some.\" Englehorn leaned back, and Carl nodded as he started down the stairs, going to get some sleep. Englehorn looked back at Skull Island as it disappeared into the early night sky. PART THREE: A KING FALLS \"We all labour against our own cure, for death is the cure of all diseases.\"-William Shakespeare (1564-1616) CHAPTER TWENTY ONE: ARRIVAL AT NEW YORK Jack woke up, and Ann was already gone from his room. It was all black for him, he remembered anything. He scratched his shoulder, and he felt something wet, he quickly moved his hand away. It was drool. \"Wake up Jack!\" Carl demanded from behind the door. \"I'm up! I'm up!\" jack shouted back, realising he was only wearing underpants. \"Carl! So you're going to…turn this into a big play? How are you going to say we found Kong?\" Englehorn asked, but Carl could barely understand him under his drunkenness. \"You…you found Kong…hopefully you took drama as a kid!\" Carl joked, then looked around. Jack was walking in the bar, with a woman at his side. She had brown hair, and blue eyes, and with that full set of makeup and a black dress to top it off. Jack walked over the Carl's seat, and with his lady friend, that sat down, side by side. \"Carl, meet Hilda. Hilda, meet Carl.\" Carl reached over to shake her hand. She shook it, and put her hand back at her side. \"Carl…I heard you're a director down on his luck, and left for a vacation with Jack, and an entire crew of men? How come Lumpy, and Harry, or even Gerald didn't come back?\" Hilda asked quietly. Englehorn got up, and walked into the bathroom, and Carl hesitated before he could spoke to Hilda. \"Harry…and…Gerald stayed behind…they're…coming back…\" Carl answered her, but he completely forgot about Lumpy. \"And about Lumpy?\" Jack leaned back, and looked at Carl. \"He's at a different…place then us right now.\" \"Where?\" \"He's missing. Nobody knows.\" Jack leaned forward, and saw that Ann was coming in right now, dressed in a blue tight dress. \"Damn Carl, did you send the entire crew her for lunch?\" Jack jokingly asked Carl. Carl frowned. \"No, I didn't…everybody's just…coming…\" Englehorn stumbled past the group, and outside. He hailed a cab, and it drove away. \"Where did her go?\" Carl asked as Ann sat down. \"Who? Englehorn?\" Ann asked. \"Yeah, yeah him.\" \"Probably to his apartment, and that's close to…where The Eighth Wonder Of The World is going to take place! I'm going to blow their minds when they lay eyes on Kong! King Kong!\" Carl shouted, jumping up. Jack pushed him back down in his seat. \"Carl, calm down.\" Ann looked at Jack. \"Who's that?\" She asked, as she looked at Hilda. \"Sorry, I forgot. She's Hilda. Hilda, Ann, Ann, Hilda.\" Jack introduced, and Ann glared at Hilda. \"Nice to meet you…Hilda.\" Ann said, rudely. \"I'm only with her because she's going to take your place, Kong's capture in the show. For some reason Englehorn is the only person from The Venture that is taking place in the play.\" \"I see.\" Ann said, frolicking with her hair. \"Hilda, do you mind? Me and Ann have got to go somewhere, I can't drive you home.\" Jack said, moving over closer to Carl, to position himself across from Ann. Hilda stood up, and stormed out, probably furious. \"Carl?\" Jack asked, moving out of the chair. Carl walked out, in chase of Hilda. Jack moved back in across from Ann. \"Could we find a table for two?\" Jack asked as the waitress came around. Jack opened his car door, and Ann got in. It was during super hours, but Jack and Ann already had supper together. \"Ann, want to go see Carl's play?\" \"Sorry, you go alone, and tell me how it will be. I got to work right now. Drop me off at the Café where Carl found me.\" Jack nodded as he started the car. \"Will do.\" CHAPTER TWENTY TWO: RAMPAGE \"Is everything ready? If it is, we're six minutes behind! We got to move now! Get this show on the road!\" Carl demanded at the set workers, then they opened the large, massive red curtains. Behind him, were more curtains. Behind those curtains was Kong. The audience clapped as Carl walked on. \"Welcome, welcome. You may be wondering why you're here. Well, before I show you, we got to give a round of applause to the man, who found…The Eighth Wonder of the World!\" Englehorn, who was still sober, walked on stage, wearing a safari suit. He walked up to the microphone. \"Welcome…welcome…I probably look like a retard up here, wearing a safari suit…in a play, but I'm getting paid to look like a retard so I guess it's fine!\" He was expecting an applause, but he got none. \"OK…so, when we arrived at…uh, 'the place' where Kong lived…we uh, captured him with rifles…and uh, chemicals and stuff. Ladies and…gentlemen, please welcome, the great, the might…Kong!\" The audience clapped this time, and the curtains rolled back to reveal a twenty foot monkey, and a girl with brown hair in front of the beast. Carl stepped up. \"Ladies, and gentlemen, don't worry. Those are steel chains, so he can't break out of them!\" Carl shouted out, but the flashes from the cameras blinded him. \"All right, time for holiday snaps are over…\" Carl said. Kong was rested, and stronger than he ever was before. His head was slouched, but he lifted it in hopes of seeing Ann. But it wasn't her. It was somebody else, and that made something inside of Kong explode, and go on a rampage. With a sudden pull of his wrist, the chain snapped, and Carl ran off. Englehorn stood by, watching. \"Kong! You know me!\" Kong looked up at where the voice was coming from. He remembered him. He was the one that led to all of this, in Kong's eyes. He pulled the other chain, causing that chain to break, and with a sudden movement of both of his hands, he picked up Hilda, and Englehorn. Englehorn had a hunting knife on him, so he stabbed Kong's hand, and Kong dropped him. Hilda, however, was being slowly crushed, and when Kong was finished, he ripped her in half, and threw the top half in the crowd. Jack, who was watching on top of a balcony, he ran out, but Kong was already smashing threw it, and Jack figured it was best just to sprint out of there. Jack, hijacked a taxi, and sped up, going as fast as he could. The ground started to shake, and he looked in the rear-view mirror, Kong was on his tail, almost to close, Kong just had to reach out and grab him, however, Jack jumped out, and rolled in between Kong's legs, without Kong's knowledge. Kong was chasing a now empty car. Jack felt a tapping on his shoulder. It was Ann, and Englehorn was walking up. \"Ann? Are you alright? What are you doing here?\" Jack asked, Ann, but Ann didn't answer him back. \"Look Ann, I've been wanting to tell you this, but I haven't…\" \"Jack! Jack! Here, take this! I carry it in the back of the car all the time.\" Englehorn said, as he passed him a shotgun. \"Tell me later Jack…\" Ann said, running back, the way Kong was, and Jack looked at Kong was heading for, the Empire State building. CHAPTER TWENTY THREE: KONG'S FALL After two hours of chasing Kong, the military, and the police were there, shooting at him. They didn't stop him however; they stopped firing at him when he started to climb the Empire State building. Jack pushed the soldiers out of the way, entering the closed off and evacuated Empire Stated building. Some of the soldiers pursued him, but they saw Jack had a shotgun, and he was headed towards the elevator, so they gave up the chase. \"He'll die on his own then.\" They said, giving up the chase. Jack pressed the top floor, because he had to go to the top, to face Kong, but not only for that, but that…Kong had Ann in his hand. Carl watched from the ground, and saw that Kong was at the top now. He looked over at the commanding officer and shouted, \"Air support, we need planes to shoot him down!\" The commander nodded, and then called in air support. The planes left from a nearby air force base. Each one, two man plane, with dual 50. Calibre machine guns at the front, and the gunner at a 50. Calibre machine gun as well, and around twenty launched form the base. When they reached New York, like anybody who visited, or lived in New York, they spotted the Empire State building first, then they usually spotted the Chrysler building next. \"Fire!\" The gunner said, flying by Kong, and entering ten 50. Cal round into the beast, and that made him slump down already. Wave, after wave came at Kong, and he only managed to get two planes from the air, put Jack watched the entire thing, from a safe point in the building, but he had dropped his shotgun off the edge. Ann, was in the same room Jack was in, because Kong had set her there. \"Kong!\" Ann said, as the planes circled back, and hit him in the chest with, this time, around twenty more bullets. Kong, slumped down, and laid on his back, grasping for what little air he could get in. Ann ran up to the dying Kong, who was covering in his own, red blood. Ann ran up to him, and patted what she could of his hair. \"This time, you just have to let go…\" Ann said, and Kong did what he could, but stood up, using the last of his energy, and left of one more howl, this time all coarse and ruff sounding because of the holes made in his next. Then, a plane circled back, and fired five shots into his next, and Kong laid back down, and looked Ann in the eyes. He then, slumped off the edge. EPILOGUE Carl approached the dead Kong, almost in tears. What was next for him, was he going to get charged with the damaged Kong did to York? Or was nothing going to happen to him, just like he hoped. When he reached Kong, a soldier was holding everybody back, and Carl looked to see who it was, it was Mike. \"The airplanes got em' it's dead.\" Carl looked at him, \"It wasn't the planes that killed him. It was the beauty that killed the beast.\" Meanwhile, on the top of the Empire State building, Jack finally reached where Ann was standing. Jack got on one knee for her, he held out his hand. \"This may be a bad time, but Ann. This is what I've been wanting to tell you, all this time, since we arrived on New York…\" Jack reached back to reveal a small container. Ann looked back at him, but her tears quickly cleared up. \"What Jack?\" \"Will you marry Ann?\" \"Yes.\" Ann replied. KING KONG ","Summary":" 57 PART ONE: SKULL ISLAND \"I did not tell half of what I saw, for the world would not believe.\"-M"},{"Movie":"King Kong","Title":"Beautiful","Author":"Arashi-No-Shadow","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11612051","Passage":"[Chapter 1] They couldn't find her. They'd been looking for days and all they seemed to be able to find was death, they'd very nearly given up hope. That is, until Jack found his way back with her. She was barefoot, dirty and battered, but otherwise seemed to be in good health. As the struggle arose, and Kong made his way toward them, the harpoon guns were ready, and Kong was nearly on top of them. In the moment of silence, the sound of a gun cocking drew the attention of nearly everyone. \"Put it down.\" The words were shaky, but there was an obvious warning under them. Englehorn set down the harpoon gun and before anyone could stop her, Anne took a leap into the water, landing in up to her waist, turning to point the gun at Carl. \"Drop the bottle.\" She commanded, and Carl did just that, letting the bottle shatter over the rocks. \"Anne, get back in the boat.\" Jack recoiled as suddenly the barrel of the gun was pointing directly at him, and Anne began to back away. \"I want no part in this, and you won't have the satisfaction of capturing him.\" \"Please Anne, get back in the boat and we'll just leave.\" Jack begged, but Anne shook her head, still backing away into the murky water. \"Leave now, all of you.\" She demanded. Englehorn reached for the harpoon gun, but Anne pointed the pistol at him again. \"Don't even try it.\" She hissed. \"I wouldn't want to shoot you with your own gun.\" The water shifted, and as the others watched in complete awe, Anne was picked up by Kong, cradled gently in his palm. She held onto his thumb for support, as he turned and began to amble away slowly, obviously in quite a lot of pain. They made it to the top of the cliff within a few minutes, and Anne looked back toward the boat, watching it sail away into the horizon. Kong set her on her feet before he set to picking at his wounds, only to have his enormous hands pushed away by Anne. She pulled out any remaining hooks, throwing them down over the edge of the cliff where they were lost in the jungle below before she went to look for some dry wood to start a fire. The great ape watched her with silent curiosity, obviously wondering what she was up to. She picked up a couple of flat rocks, striking them together and Kong recoiled in surprise as a shower of sparks fell from them. Anne set the pile of dry twigs alight with some difficulty and Kong let out a very unimpressed sound, turning away. The blonde woman looked over and sighed, before she walked over to begin tending to Kong's injuries. She managed to find each of them with Kong's help, and she cleaned them well, wrapping them with a few of the enormous leaves she found. The other leaves were set in a heap on the ground near the fire to stand in for a bed, but Kong apparently had other ideas. As Anne tried to lay down on the bed of leaves, Kong picked her up, setting her down on his stomach as he reclined back against the cliff face where thick moss grew over the stone. Anne let out a breath as she closed her eyes and surrounded by warmth, she fell asleep. She'd lost count of the days. Kong had showed her the entire island, and every good place to find food. They would spend the day together gathering food, then Kong would leave Anne at his home, and go out to find some meat. He would usually return with something, a boar, or even smaller dinosaurs. Anne- who had studied some things about ancient tribes- had managed to create some crude tools out of stone to prepare any meat that Kong brought back with him. She was seated near the fire, the thick stone blade of a knife carving easily through the flesh of a small bird like dinosaur. She stripped away the skin, tossing it off the edge of the cliff before she picked up a sharpened spear and shoved it through the dinosaur from one end to the other. She set it over the fire like a spit, hearing the fat and blood begin to sizzle. Kong was sitting nearby, watching with interest and when Anne looked over at him, he reached up to lightly pat at his chest. 'Beautiful.' ","Summary":" They couldn't find her. They'd been looking for days and all they seemed to be able to find was dea"},{"Movie":"King Kong","Title":"Monster Explanations","Author":"BeeBrilliant","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10338088","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Monster Explanations: Chapter 1 Jack climbed the rocky boulders looking for his beloved Ann. Above him were snarling bats dripping snot from there nose. Jack ignored them and continued to look for Ann. Finally Jack pulled himself up on the rock to see Ann. Ann was in the arms of Kong, Sleeping peacefully. Ann opened her eyes to see Jack standing there smiling looking at her. He then motioned her to come to him. Ann slipped out of Kong's hand and fell in to jacks arms. \"N-Never again will i lose you\" Jack said pushing his face in her hair. They both hugged for a while till jack got up. \"Come on\" he said softly. \"The ship might leave with out us\". Ann got up but hugged jack again. She then let go and went towards Kong that was snoring. \"Goodbye\" She said softly while touching his paw. She turned away and walked to jack. He smiled and kissed her on the for-head. As they got a jungle vine to slide down on, Kong woke up. He saw Ann in the arms of jack. He roared loud waking up most of the creatures. Jack and Ann slide down the vine while Kong chased after them. Jack and Ann hide in a tree while Kong paced around looking for them. \"Ann!\" Jack yelled. \"If i am going to do this i better do it now!\". Before Ann said another word Jack grabbed her head pushing her into a kiss. She put her hands are his neck and started pushing in making the kiss deeper. Kong then saw Jack kissing Ann. Kong then fell flat on his face and roared. Ann looked over to see Kong on his face weeping. Ann got out of the tree to see Kong. \"I have to leave now\" Ann said petting him. \"I want to be with Jack\". Kong looked up to see Jack standing there glaring at got up and swiped away jack. Jack flew into a tree and fell on his back. Ann rushed to see if jack was hurt badly. But Ann was pulled into another one of Jacks sloppy kisses. Kong roared louder than before then let out a whine. Jack got up and lead Ann to the ship. Everybody was glad to see Ann back. As the ship turned away Ann and Jack could Hear Kong roaring. Kong still mops and cry's about his lost Ann being taken by jack. He remembers Ann kissing jack in front of him. It is said Ann visits Kong except jack comes with her. When Ann has to leave with jack, That's when Kong cry's the loudest. It is even to be said that Kong whines so loud when Ann leaves you can hear him. Even if your so far away from skull Island. But they don't think its Kong roaring when they hear it. They just call it the Roaring Winds. ","Summary":" Monster Explanations: Chapter 1 Jack climbed the rocky boulders looking for his beloved Ann. Above "},{"Movie":"King Kong","Title":"Sweet Escape","Author":"LostSparrow","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12415608","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Wilhelm Englehorn was a callous man. Not one for caring, nor romantic words. He was a ship captain who captured wild animals and sold them to zoos or scientists for a bit of money to fund their next voyage. He had never gotten along with relationships, as he found work on the sea when he was fifteen and found it difficult to stay on land. He had one failed marriage when he was twenty, with a woman named Emma back in Germany. The relationship only lasted a few months before he was drawn back to the sea and left her screaming at him and throwing pots at him from the doorway of their apartment. The divorce came through and last he heard she had remarried and now had eleven children. There was one other women, named Maria, who he known for his whole life and she was quite taken with him. He would reconnect with her every few years when he would visit his ailing parents in their small hometown in Germany. Maria would always be there, leaning against the neighboring doorway where she lived with her parents. Her smile was wide for him, every time. He knew if he asked to marry her, she would say yes, but he was used to his life on the sea and was not ready to give that up. Maria eventually went on to get married to some important military man, and he has not heard from her since. From then on, the only romantic encounters he had were with some street hooker from the cities they occasionally docked in. He rarely met those women again. Aside from one. His hard life was his and he enjoyed it. It was 1931, and they had just docked in New York. He had a shipment of two tigers to deliver to the New York zoo. He was leaning against the deck, waiting for the slime ball owner to come waltzing up, drunk, and want to see his shipment. Wilhelm hated the man but he paid, which is hard to find these days thanks to the depression. Hayes comes up, his dark eyes scanning the New York dockside, finally spotting the main they're waiting for. The fat, fifty year old rolls out of his car, stumbling up to the ramp. Hayes rolls his eyes and groans. \"I can't stand that man,\" he says quietly and Englehorn nods in agreement, rubbing his eyes with his grubby hand. \"Can you deal with him? I did it last time.\" Englehorn asks his first mate. Hayes huffs and rolls his eyes before nodding. \"Are you staying on the ship?\" Hayes asks as he turns, getting ready to go and collect the drunk man who has just fallen face first on the desk. Englehorn shakes his head and pulls on his long trench coat. \"I'm going for a few hours. I'll be back later.\" Englehorn informs his first mate, who is not surprised at his captain's absence. Despite his string of bad romances, there was one women who Englehorn found himself going back to; again and again. Rose Davis was a twenty four year old prostitute, who works in a ringer house amongst other women. Rose wasn't proud of her profession, but she had no choice in the great depression. Her job provides her with a house, a way to keep clean and fed, and sometimes she only needs to meet men about three times a week. Rose offers to clean the house for her Madam, who is happy to allow Rose to clean so she doesn't need to hire a maid and this way Rose earns her keep without needing to constantly being with the men that come strutting to their door. It will keep her off the streets for at least a year, which is better than most people. She met Englehorn three years ago, before she ever worked at the house. That was when she was on the streets, trying not to die from starvation. Wilhelm walked past her and stopped when he saw her, curled up in a jagged jacket, shivering violently. Wilhelm paid her, and brought her back to the ship. Instead of a quick night like he planned, he found himself drawn to the young girl. She wasn't soft and quiet voiced, she had a loud laugh and smoked constantly and knew a lot about the world for someone so young. Anytime he is back in New York, he always returns to find her. Occasionally, he receives some badly written letters from her, riddled with grammar mistakes, but he cherishes them. It doesn't take him long to reach the address she wrote in her most recent letter. He walks into the house and is greeted by a large woman, who has thin eyebrows and ruby red lips. Her wig is curled and weaved with broaches, while she is stuffed into a dress a size too small which pushes up her ample breasts. \"Why, hello. What can I help you with?\" she purrs, as she takes a draw from her cigarette. Her green eyes run up and down his ragged frame. Before he can say a word, the sound of footsteps fill the room. \"He's mine, Madam.\" Rose says as she walks to Wilhelm, taking his hand. The large women nods and turns her attention to another man who just walked in, lust in his eyes. Rose leads Wilhelm to her room, which is decorated with red and pink roses, befittingly. There is a silk bed in the corner, and a soft yellow lamp illuminates the room. Wilhelm crosses the room and drops in the bed, sighing. His body is exhausted and he is eager to rest. But, Rose manages to get his attention back- as always. She was only wearing a long, sheer black robe. Under it, she only had thigh high black lace stockings. She slowly unties the rob and lets it slip off her body and land in a pile at her feet. The sight of her makes him aroused almost instantly. \"Oh, Rose.\" He sighs and shuts his eyes as the young woman saunters over, sitting on the bed and running her hand through his hair. Her thick black hair is pulled into a tidy chignon, with a silver flower hair pin holding it up. \"Have you missed me?\" she whispers, leaning forward and letting her lips ghost over his. \"You know the answer.\" He responds and opens his eyes, taking in the sight of her. She grins and kisses him softly. Being with Rose offers him a sweet escape, and he is addicted to the feeling. Rose sits up, reaching into the pocket of his pants and pulling out his packet of cigarettes. She places two in her mouth, before striking a match and lighting them both up. She reaches up and plucks one from her mouth and places it in his awaiting lips. She lies down opposite him, slowly taking drags of the herb cigarette. He's always been fond of those. \"How long are you staying in New York?\" she asks, blowing smoke in his direction. He shakes his head and takes the cigarette out of his mouth, doing the same with the smoke. \"Just the night, we'll set sail tomorrow afternoon.\" She stomps out her cigarette in the ashtray and sits up again, leaning forward so she is hovering over his body. \"Well, that's only a short time. I'll make sure you remember it though.\" She says, smiling and running her hands over his body, beginning to unbutton his shirt. He sighs as his fingers graze over her shoulders. She's asleep, and he is tempted to not wake her. She looks so innocent when she's asleep. He can't resist kissing her one last time before standing up and collecting his clothes from the floor. Her eyes flicker open and she props her head up on her hand. \"Must you go?\" she whines, her mouth turning into a frown. He takes a cigarette out of his pack, lighting it and taking a long draw before handing it to her. \"You know I have to.\" He responds as he finishes dressing. It's still dark out, only 5am according to her clock, but he needs to return and make sure the shipment was safely removed. \"When will you be back?\" she asks him and stands up, walking over and wrapping her arms around his waist and pressing her face into his chest. \"Do not know. Take care of yourself.\" He tells her, not wanting to prolong their goodbye. She has never cried at their goodbyes, but he doesn't enjoy it. He kisses her on the head and quickly exits the room, leaving her standing by the bed, smoking his cigarette. \"Bye, Will.\" She mumbles. She does not like goodbyes either, and she often wonders which goodbye will be their last. ","Summary":" Wilhelm Englehorn was a callous man. Not one for caring, nor romantic words. He was a ship captain "},{"Movie":"King Kong","Title":"La huitième merveille du monde","Author":"sarah Pel","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8964593","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Là où les autres n'ont vu qu'un monstre, moi j'y ai vu un être vivant doté d'un cœur. Là où nous avions vu une aberration de la nature, il n'y avait que magie. À cette époque où j'ai connu la peine mais aussi l'amour d'un animal, je n'ai connu que souffrance. Pas venant de la créature mais plutôt des êtres humains ignorants dont je fais partie. On sait tous que ce que l'homme ne connaît pas l'effraie. Et cette frayeur est combattue par la violence dont Dieu laisse l'humain ce repaître sans jamais atteindre la satiété. La violence continuera de grandir dans le cœur de chaque nouvel être, dont une bonne partie l'utilisera à cause de la peur de l'inconnu. Au moment même ou mon ami Jack Driscoll me prenait dans ses bras je savais qu'une foule devait profaner le corps de mon cher défunt. Je n'avais connu que des bas depuis la grande Dépression mais aujourd'hui serai a tout point de vu, le début d'une vie de deuil. Le deuil d'une vie triste, d'une vielle aventure de cauchemar, le deuil d'une rencontre, d'un regard innocent et pourtant a l'agonie, d'une tendresse presque humaine, venant d'une si belle et effrayante créature. Jack accompagnait ma décente de l'Empire State Building alors que j'étais dans un état presque catatonique. Je remarquais malgré tout que la décente était beaucoup plus rapide que la monté qui m'avait paru interminable sous les effets de l'adrénaline. Des soldats nous attendait a la sortie de l'ascenseur et saisir Jack par les bras. -Nooooooon ! Avait-je hurlé, je distinguais que les hommes s'était figé et me toisait curieusement. -Il m'a sauvé. Il le laissait mais restait a nos côté. Un brouhaha attira mon attention… Toujours troublé j'avançais en tremblant a chaque pas. Les portes vitrées s'étaient ouverte tout seul du point de vu de mon esprit embrouillé. De nombreuse personne ce retournait sur mon passage, puis des flashes recommencèrent a crépité, suivant mon trajet qu'ils avaient deviné du a ma mine dévasté. La foule s'écartait avec autant de bruit qu'une foule amassé devant une curiosité. Je me stoppais a la vu de sa main. Les larmes continuai de tracé leurs sillions sur mes joues. Je sentis une autre main sur mon épaule et Jack me chuchota qu'il restait prêt de moi. Deux photographes était sur la poitrine de Kong, je ne s'avais pas a qu'elle point j'étais dans le vrai quand j'avais pensé au mot « profané ». Je poussais un hurlement enragé et me jetait sur son immense main. Choqué la foule stoppa tout mouvement et tout bruit. -Bande de monstre ! Bande d'ignoble monstre qui avez peur de tout. Il voulait juste… retourné dans sa jungle. Je luttais contre les sanglots. -Il n'était que…que…tendresse. Il n'a fait du mal qu'a ceux qui l'attaquait. Je levais les yeux et vit Carl Denham les yeux grand ouvert fixé sur moi. Je me levais toujours enragé et m'approchait au plus prêt de lui. -Vous avez…tué une créature et une âme magnifique Carl. Je le vit reprendre son souffle et ses yeux s'animèrent à nouveau. Et il chuchota quelque chose qui déclencha cette fameuse violence au fond de mon ventre. -Et la belle tua la bête. Je me mis en position et lui balançait le plus beau crochet du droit que je n'avais jamais eu l'occasion de décrocher. Il tomba au sol, le nez dégoulinant de sang, les yeux horrifié mais gardant le silence. -Nooooooooooon vous l'avez capturé, vous l'avez amené ici, vous l'avez condamné. Vous vouliez être riche, et bien vous l'avez été, maintenant quand vous passerez de l'autre côté, nous savons tous ou vous finirez. La foule toujours amassé autour de nous ne soufflait que peu de mot. -Allé en enfer Mr Denham ! Je me tournais plongeant dans le regard de Jack et n'y vis que compassion. Lui avait compris, il avait bien vu ma réaction lors de la capture au bord de l'eau jusqu'au moment ou la dernière bouteille de chloroforme avait éclaté sur le visage du singe. Je me tournais à nouveau vers le corps pour courir jusqu'à lui. Gêné par ma robe pour escaladé mon amis, je la déchirais et la fendit jusqu'à la cuisse. Personne ne m'empêcha de continué, une fois grimpé je lançais un regard noir aux deux hommes avec leurs appareils, ce qui les fit baissé la tête et reculé et descendre enfin. Grace a l'ambiance silencieuse, je pu m'approché de son visage et poser ma main prêt de sa bouche mis ouverte. Je me dis pour moi-même. -On t'a amené dans un monde de fou, ce fut un sacrifice pour toi mais tu es resté doux et protecteur avec moi. Je caressais sa peau rugueuse et encore chaude gentiment. Pour ne plus marché dans son cou, je me déplaçais jusqu'à sa poitrine et m'allongeais sur la place qu'occupait son cœur et me remis a pleuré silencieusement. Les bruits de curieux reprirent violemment et je distinguais toute sorte de question crié. J'entendais les avions qui continuait de tourné au dessus des immeubles ainsi que les nombreux soldats qui combattait la foule de plus en plus folle de curiosité. Je me plongeais à nouveau dans mon esprit afin de me coupé de tout. Je ne distinguais que ma carcasse triste allongé sur un cœur innocent. Je m'assoupissais. Des cris me firent sortir de ma léthargie. Toujours dans la même position, je sentais une chaleur étouffante m'entouré, j'ouvrais les yeux et une lumière rouge et étrange m'apparu. Je ne pouvais me levez. Je jetais un œil autour de moi et vis que Jack était toujours prêt de nous mais lui ne me prêtai aucune attention. Il avait des yeux grands ouverts apeuré vers le ciel. Ne pouvant me levé je tournais sur moi-même et criait de surprise a mon tour. Un faisceau de lumière rouge plongeait en moi venant du ciel, il formait une sorte de tourbillons, comme une tornade directement planté dans mon corps. Effrayé comme jamais je vis que la lumière passait par moi, je ne sentais aucune douleur, juste cette chaleur qui finalement plongeait dans le corps de près de neufs mètres coucher sous moi. -Jack, Jaaaaaack ! Je le vis reprendre conscience et grimpé sur feu mon amis. -Je n'arrive pas a me levée. Aide-moi. Il tira de toute ses force sur mes bras, voulant me trainé afin de ne pas être touché par le faisceau. Toute tentative fut soldée d'un échec. Et tout le monde ce mis a hurlé quand le corps sous moi émis des tremblements. La peau au niveau du cœur de Kong était tellement sombre mais la lumière qui s'infiltrait dessous semblait faire rougeoyer l'énorme organe, ce qui donnait une sensation de transparence. Les tremblements recommençaient à chaque fois que le faisceau semblait passé par chaque blessure. Ils furent de plus en plus violent que Jack descendit et en profita pour regarder ce qui ce passait a chaque plaît. -Il…il cicatrise. M'avait-il rapporté paniqué. Un mouvement le fit basculer pendant que je criais ma panique. La foule s'éloignait elle aussi en criant, de peur que l'animal ne sois finalement pas mort. La lumière rouge me collait toujours au même endroit et même mes larmes était revenu. Le corps arrêta de tremblé, la lumière semblait être entrain de s'étiolé mais a la seconde on j'envisageai la fin de cette étrangeté, elle replongea tel un éclair en plein dans ma poitrine. Je sombrais dans le noir au même moment. Je repris conscience en distinguant un tambourinement. Des bras me sérait fortement. Des bras chaud et nu. Troublé je relevais la tête vers le visage de cette personne. Je criais et me débâtait pour retrouvé ma liberté. -Qui êtes vouuuuus ? Lâché moi ! - Jaaaaaaaack ? Jaaaaaaaaack ? -Chut chuut. Me disait l'homme. Jack ce mis a ma hauteur et me regardait complètement troublé. -Ann ! C'est… C'est Kong. Je me glaçais. LUI ! Je fixais à nouveau l'homme qui lui regardait Jack bizarrement. Et quand il fini par plonger son regard dans le mien, il sourit hésitant. Ses yeux tendres me firent un drôle d'effet. -Il c'est transformé sous nos yeux Ann, bon sang, je te jure ! C'est la lumière, ya pas d'autre possibilité. Frissonnant a cause de toute les émotions qui ce bousculait dans ma tête je réussi a me redressé et l'homme me laissa faire, ayant retrouvé un certain calme. Je bloquais au moment ou je vis qu'il était nu. Un nu plutôt musclé mais surtout très sale, Jack retira vite son manteau afin de le lui donné. Je regardais toujours l'inconnu dans les yeux, il ce tenais droit devant moi après avoir fermé son habit de fortune, frappa de son point plusieurs fois l'emplacement de son cœur, puis pointa un doigt sur moi. -Magnifique. Me dit-il d'une vois rocailleuse. Puis il sourit tellement que je ne pu que lui rendre la même chose. -C'est toi…Oui…c'est toi. Et je me jetais sur lui afin de le prendre dans mes bras. ","Summary":" Là où les autres n'ont vu qu'un monstre, moi j'y ai vu un être vivant doté d'un cœur. Là où nous av"},{"Movie":"Gladiator","Title":"The Saga of the Bloody Baron","Author":"Baron of Butchery","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13186246","Passage":"[Chapter 1] These chapters are based off of my comments of videos by the baron , and he has given me permission to post this , this chapter is based off his video Blade and sorcer duel mode . Log 1 I have been here , in this arena , for longer than I can remember , hundreds have fallen by my hand , and I have seen thousands more die , some of them my friends , and yet I remain , there spirits haunt me . I have decided the record my thoughts in this Journal , who knows , maybe if I earn my freedom by emperor Kyros himself , I could sell it for a few silver coins . Today there is this new batch of gladiators , they seem quicker , and the master at arms has decided to teach them new moves , makes my job harder , as now they are much more unpredictable , the master has come up with a new fight idea to please the insatiable crowds , one vs one fights , less casualties and more exciting , but less bloody , not that I mind , will continue after the fight . Log 2 , Well I have survived , the first kid only had a dagger , poor man , cleaved straight through his skull , after a parry and a quick slash to his arm , the second had an axe , lasted a bit longer , impaled through the gut , third one managed to slice into my leather armor , no real damage , in return I sliced through her neck and stabbed her in the back , the fourth had a mace , managed to give me a solid scratch in my forehead , so as revenge I cleaved through his shoulder and impaled him through the stomach , by the 5th round the enemies were given shields , not that it saved him , I used telekinesis to jam a dagger into his knee , causing him to stumble forward and leaving him open to a stab to the side . The 7th died painlessly as I threw a dagger into his skull , the 8th put up a fight , lasted 20 seconds and got one small hit in , but I hit him in the back of his head with a mace , knocking him down and allowing me to cleave into his neck with my sword . For the 9th I stabbed through his shield , pinning it to his body , then cracking his head into two pieces . As my kill count reached double digits , I received a nasty blow from the 10th , but grabbed his head and impaled it on a 11th shared the 10th's fate . Log 3 , I got tired of writing last night , anyway , the 12th I impaled straight through the heart , and took her weapon , leaving mine inside her , and now I had killed a dozen , so many , in but 2 minutes , 13 died from a simple neck stab , and by 14 they had been issued tower shields , I killed him by a simultaneous neck and hip stab . For 15 I rammed by sword through the skull and out the other side , and sliced up revealing the brain , by this point the ground was awash with gore . 16 I knocked down with my shield I took from 14 and stabbed him in the back . 17 was the last one , I lodged my axe straight into his eye , he died 10 minutes later after the fight had ended , and so I survive another day , and 17 more are added to the ghosts that haunt me , and a few more or Kyros's wealthy elite get to see their bloody spectacle , but for now I rest , and wait to see what the morrow shall bring .[Chapter 2] This chapter is based off the video blade and sorcery vr Oberyn Martell inspired 1 v 1 Log 4 Today the master will only give me a spear , apparently he saw some fighter from across the seas , he fought well , did some twirls . . . and then got his head crushed , now the master wishes to do the exact same thing with me . . . Well hopefully not the exact same thing . If this is the last entry , then I am probably dead , please , find my wife , laura , she is at Krackenlaw Point , in a small town called mirasmir , in the slums . Find her and tell her that I love her , that I tried to find my way back to her , that I wish I could be there with her , and that she must be strong without me . . . I . . . I cannot continue , hopefully , I will return to write log 5 soon . Log 5 , Well . . . I am alive , so dear reader here is today's bloody tale , told by your old pal the baron , the first they sent I leaped to slicing away his arm and leg , tearing the marrow and bone and muscle apart , and stabbing him in the lung . The second blocked a stab , but I quickly stabbed him in the gut and neck , for the third I swept out his legs from beneath him and stabbed him in the back , hurling him into the crowd . Those accursed nobles loved that , except for the one I about crushed . The fourth shared the third's fate , the crowd was less . . . enthused this time . The fifth ducked a blow , and sliced into my stomach , luckily my boiled leather armor stopped the blow , I knocked her down with a blow to the head with the pommel , and stabbed her again and again and again , turning her into a red ruin of blood and broken bone and tissue and muscle and other assorted fluids . The seventh put up a brief fight , but I punctured his right lung with the spear , he died about 4 minutes later as his lungs filled with blood as he gurgled , begging for his mother . The eighth I stabbed through the mouth , dislocating his jaw and sending almost all of his teeth onto the ground , he lurched at me and threw up so much blood onto me , then almost fell onto me , he kept vomiting blood for 2 minutes before dying , the crowds were euphoric at this point , the ninth I knocked down and slit open his neck , he crawled to the other side of the arena , bleeding profusely , leaving a trail of gore , and died in the shade , a better fate then most . I cannot continue , my deeds make me sick , maybe . . . maybe tomorrow . Log 6 , I have mustered my courage , and so I continue my tale of death , the tenth put up a fight , slicing into my armor , I broke his jaw with the pommel of the spear , and stabbed into the side of his neck . the eleventh , I stabbed straight in the spine , he lived but was paralyzed , as he such he was no use , and was put to death via lions , I can hear his screams right now , the twelfth I stabbed twice in the gut , he bled to death a few minutes later , the thirteenth I stabbed straight into his skull , revealing the brain . The fourteenth I stabbed into his nose , severing it and damaging his head , he died slowly , hours later , in agonizing pain . The fifteenth lived , as I only stabbed into his shoulder , number 16 died a simple fate , a stab to the back , number 17 lasted almost a full minute , he managed to slide we weapon away , but I retrieved it , and after a slash to his wrist , causing him to drop his weapon , I stabbed into his eye , puncturing his brain , he lived miraculously , but not all of him came back to the land of the living , and now he remains a shell of man , never speaking , and only eats , drinks , and sleeps , but ironically , he will probably outlive us all , as he will never fight again . I however . . . will . And so I prepare , to send more souls into the underworld , and to further corrupt . . . my own . Laura I pray to all the gods in the world that I will see you and our child again , and that emperor Kyros suffers in Hades for his actions .[Chapter 3] Log 7 Remember that one foreign guy who got killed , who used the spear? Well since that was such a hit last time , the master has decided to repeat that , but this time based on the guy who killed the other foreigner , except I don't get plate armor and I have to handle a 10 vs 1 instead of a 1 vs 1 , sounds so fair doesn't it . Will continue if . . . no WHEN I get back . Log 8 Surprise Surprise I am alive , though a part of me wishes I wasn't . So here's today's gruesome gory homicidal extravaganza , heh , sounds like a circus act . The first one I just slammed down into him with my great sword , tearing through his head , and going down almost to his hip . The second I chopped straight through his block , snapping his axe in two , and decapitating him , a fountain of blood spurted out , which I deftly sidestepped to avoid getting covered by . The third I first severed her right arm , then I sent a blow , causing severe cranial fractures , finally I struck her another blow that sent her flying into a wall . For the 4th I slit her throat , getting covered in gore , then knocked her down with the pommel of my blade , then a final blow at the hip , turning her into half the woman she used to be . For the 5th I shattered his shield , changed my grip on my sword , and impaled him straight past the ribs into the heart . A second stab eviscerated his left lung . The 6th got a blow parried , and a slash to the face caused him to fly to the right and land face down . The 7th managed to block 4 strikes , but I cleaved into her shoulder , shattering the collar bone , she bled out shortly thereafter . Log 9 Today I met a man named Malek Augustine , we ate together and shared stories , he was a peasant , but was carried off after his village was destroyed and he was captured by Kyros's slavers . He will probably die in his first match , but hey , he might get lucky and maybe even survive two matches . Anyway , picking up from where I left off , the 8th recieved a powerful blow to the jaw , dislocating it and causing teeth blood and tissue to splatter to the ground , he collapsed on the still live body of the 7th , and the citizens seemed to be betting on which one would bleed out first . The 9th I knocked into the ground , and dug my sword into his neck , thinking he was dead , I left him , he stumbled back and almost stabbed me in the side , but I caught his wrist , broke it , and then I turned around and stabbed him in the gut , wanting to make sure he was dead , I lifted the sword up all the way to his head , he fell to his knees , the left side of his face and body multiple inches away from the side on the right . The 10th slashed into my armor , just below the neck , had he struck a little higher , let's just say this would not be being written . In revenge I sliced into his round tables , then severed his leg , and finally his head . The 11th with one hand I choke slammed him into a wall , holding him there for 10 minutes as he struggled , before finally accepted death's sweet embrace , that thing that I long for . The 12th died of a simple stab to the forehead , the blade tearing through his head . The 13th managed to fight for a solid minute , but a blow across the chin , sent him crashing to the floor where he cracked his skull open . The 14th went in for a lunge , but missed , leaving him open to a pommel to the back of the neck , then a stab straight into the spine . Number 15 got impaled through the ribs , and I sent him soaring into the air , it took considerably effort and the claymore gave me leverage , otherwise I doubt I could of pulled that trick off . By this point you may realize that I don't use names , it is not that I don't know them , but if I don't say there names , I hope that their spirits will not find me , and so when I enter the afterlife they torture me . Continuing on , number 16 put up a serious fight , even giving me a nasty blow to the head , but I knocked him down and cleaved into the back of his head . And with that , it was done , blood poured into my eyes , not all of it mine , and I promptly collapsed from exhaustion .[Chapter 4] Log 9 , Apologies dear readers , I did not get much of an education , and was lucky that before I was a gladiator , a scribe named Ludin for 2 years taught me the basics of writing common , but never got around to teaching me high kyrosian before our village was raided , Ludin and my family was killed , and I was brought here . Anyway , I mistakenly labeled log 8 , log 9 , luckily Malek pointed it out . Again I apologize . But that is not why you are reading this I presume . It seems people really don't like me , I don't know why , maybe they know about my journal and think I am a heretic for insulting Kyros , but they must be rich , because they sure can afford mercenaries to try and kill me . Let me go back a bit , it was the 14th of varmanuit , so I had the day off , so I left my barracks with the few coins I had to go to the market , get some food , maybe even purchase a spear for myself . I was passing the town square when they jumped me . There was a look in their eye , like they were under some spell , and they were filled with bloodlust as they charged at me again and again without pause , and when injured just kept fighting . Luckily I had a short sword on me and I quickly grabbed an axe off the table of a woodsman . The man charged at me , impaling himself straight onto my sword , the second lasted a full minute , and almost severed my arm , as I was not wearing any armor , luckily I blocked it at the last moment , but it still knocked my sword aside and cut into my shoulder . Eventually I parried a blow , and used it's force to knock him down , I then proceeded to bury an axe deep into his skull and threw him into a town well that was placed very conveniently , in the middle of town . I feel bad for the poor man who had to hoist his body out of there . Log 10 , sorry I had to stop early , I was injured from that battle , and I passed out from the liquid the healers brought me . Continuing on the third man I managed to disarm and then impale through the stomach , he should of died quickly , and passed out almost instantly , instead he collapsed , yet still was trying to crawl to his weapon and kill me he was still crawling when he finally died of blood loss . The fourth man managed to disarm me , but I stumbled back and grabbed a bucket , then hit him with it , stunning him , I managed to retrieve my weapon , but he managed to hit me straight in the side with a mace , I think he cracked a rib , I stabbed him in the kidney , but he continued to fight , and continued to fight after another stab to the shoulder , but he finally died when I impaled him right through the heart . For a split second he still tried to reach for my throat . The fifth man I kicked down and cleaved into the right side of his neck . The sixth I knocked out with a mace (which I had grabbed from one of the men's bodies) strike to the skull , and quickly followed up as I plunged my sword into his right lung . The seventh almost disemboweled me , but I dodged at the last second and he only cut into my shirt , so I lopped of the top of his head , exposing the brain . The eight and ninth were simple , a few stabs and slashes disabled them , and they actually survived , I will visit them shortly after the city guards interrogate them . The tenth put up a decent fight , but I stabbed him in the neck and dug a sword into the top of his head . The eleventh almost dodged a blow , but it caught his neck , and as he bled to death , he grabbed my leg and pull me down , where he tried to strangle me , but I grabbed my mace and slammed it into him again and again until he died , that was the part that scared me the most . The twelfth also lived , I knocked him down , stomped on his head a few times , and threw him into a wall , the doctors believe he will die of internal bleeding . The thirteenth stabbed straight into my palm , I believe that will scar , but I stabbed her in the back of the neck . The fourteenth I stabbed 7 times in the stomach , she died quickly . The fifteenth tripped on a body , I leaped towards him and stabbed straight into the back of his skull . He was the last apparently , I promptly took a nap next to the well . The benefit of this is a get a week off , but I wonder , who is it that is trying to kill me ? (sorry for the wall of text , but each paragraph is a log , and I don't want a hundred logs per chapter .) ","Summary":" These chapters are based off of my comments of videos by the baron , and he has given me permission"},{"Movie":"Grease","Title":"Bad Boys Aren't Heartless","Author":"Writing4Life2018","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13222235","Passage":"[Chapter 1] So I'm rewriting my story, if you wanna review I don't mind. But please just be nice, that'd be great! :) Abby's POV Hello everybody, my name is Abigail Elizabeth Hall, but mostly everyone just call me Abby. I live Venice California with my father, Eric Hall. He is not the nicest man. Let me tell you why, it all started when I was only 4 years old when my wonderful beautiful mother died of illness and he blamed me for her death. How does a small but innocent child make her mother die? I am also being bullied at school, epically by this girl name Dana Tran who I really dislike since the 4th grade. So as you can see, this is my sucky life. I'm so glad this year is my Senior year, which means GRADUATIONS AND COLLEGE! Anyway, I am on the bleacher crying my eyes out because of course Dana bullied me once again, I just WISH I could get away from this nightmare and be happy again! Just then I saw 5 shadow figures standing above me. Oh no dear God, why me!? \"Hey um you ok darling?\" I looked up to see a boy around my age, he had black raven hair, wearing a white T-shirt with a leather jacket on, who might've been a greaser. I tried not to look scared but I think I failed. \"Hey you don't have to be scared of us.\" Another greaser wearing blue T-Shirt with the same leather jacket, said to me. \"We ain't gonna hurt ya.\" I looked down trying to stay calm. \"Um...can we...can we ask you something, why you're sitting here crying?\" A blond boy asked me. I looked up at him, he had a anglic face and dark brown eyes. \"Because she's a loser guys!\" We looked over to see Dana and her \"Brats\". I looked down trying to stop the tears forming in my eyes, but what really shocked me is how they defended for me! \"Hey, how about you girls go screw around with other low-life creeps!\" The raven hair boy yelled. \"Yeah!\" The cubby boy yelled in agreements. \"Whatever, later loser Hall!\" Dana yelled as she and her \"Brats\" walked off laughing. \"Don't listen to them.\" I looked up at the skinny boy with dark brown hair, he also has an anglic face as well. \"They're just dumb bimbos.\" All sudden I felt a gentle hand touch my back, I tried not to flinch because they seems so nice me. But aren't they, you know, bad boys and why are they being so nice to me? Is this a trick! Oh please help me dear Lord! \"Hey, what's your name?\" The raven hair boy asked me. \"I-I'm-m Abigail Hall, but people just mostly call me Abby for short.\" I told him. \"Abby.\" He said. \"I like that name.\" I smiled a little. \"Thanks.\" I said. \"You're welcome.\" He smiled back. \"I'm Danny Zuko and these are my buddies Kenickie Murdoch, Sonny LaTierri, Doody Del Fuego and Putzie Jacobs.\" \"It is a pleasure to meet you.\" Kenickie said kissing my hand. \"I-it n-nice to meet you boys as well.\" I said quietly. They smiled warmly at me...wait, Danny Zuko...the leader of the T-Birds...and Kenickie, Sonny, Doody and Putzie? \"A-are you guys the T-Birds?\" I asked them. \"Yes we are.\" Doody said smiling at me. \"Oh.\" All I could said, but I had to ask! \"Don't mean to sound rude, but why are you guys talking to me? Are you guys like bad boys and cool?\" I asked them, feeling a pit in my stomach. \"Abby, yes we are the T-Birds.\" Danny replied. \"And cool.\" Sonny added. I chuckled inside. \"But...to be honest, we really don't care what kind of girls we talk to...for instint, my girl Sandy Olsson...the love of my life, she is sweet and innocent.\" He added. \"So...you guys like nice girls too?\" I asked confused. \"I think girls like you are adorable.\" Putzie said holding my hand. Again, I smiled inside...could this be a sign? A sign where I can be saved![Chapter 2] New chapter! :) Danny's POV We've been talking to this chick name Abby, she's seems really sweet. I know, we may be the T-Birds, but there's something special about this girl…I mean, she's like my girlfriend Sandy who is so sweet and pure, just too innocent to see the real world yet if ya know what I mean! \"But are you guys afraid that I'll ruin your image?\" She asked us. \"Not at all.\" I smiled at her. \"Really?\" She asked, again. \"So you don't mind girls like me and um…your girlfriend Sandy?\" I shook my head. \"Besides Putzie and I have kid sister at the age of 5 and 8…\" I started. \"And we want them to know that they are amazing and to be their own person.\" \"Oh.\" She said. \"My kid sister name is Pammy, she's super adorable.\" Putzie told her. \"Awww.\" Abby smiled. \"She's sound adorable too.\" \"Thanks.\" Putzie said. \"You are welcome.\" Abby responded. \"What grade are you in?\" Doody asked her. \"I'm a Senior.\" She replied. \"Cool, so are we.\" Sonny grinned. \"We'll graduate together.\" \"Yeah.\" She said. \"May I ask you boys a question?\" \"Go right ahead darlin.\" Kenickie said kneeling in front of her. \"But why me?\" She asked us. \"What do you mean?\" I asked. \"I mean, I'm a loner and…don't really have friends at all.\" She said. I looked up at the guys feeling bad for the girl. \"You have five.\" Putzie smiled, holding her hand. \"Really? You guys wanna be…mine friends?\" She asked. \"Absolutely.\" I replied. \"Wow, I…I don't know what to say.\" She said. \"And remember we really do like you.\" Kenickie smiled at her. She looks down and I noticed tears were streaming down her innocent face. \"Whoa, hey what's wrong?\" I asked gently putting my hand on her back. \"Nothing, I just…never had anyone come to my rescue and wanting to be my friends before.\" Abby said as tears fell. \"I'm sorry.\" \"You got nothing to be sorry.\" Putzie said wiping the tears away with his thumb. Putzie and Abby both smiled at each other. \"I think you're pretty adorable.\" Putzie added. I think my youngest buddy got the case of the lovebug. \"Do you boys mind if I went to the ladies' room to freshen up?\" She asked. \"Of course not.\" Sonny responded helping Abby stand up. \"Thank you.\" Abby says. \"We'll be at the cafeteria outside when you get back.\" I told her as I stood up. \"Ok thank you.\" She said as she walked off the bleacher. \"I like her, cute kid.\" Kenickie commented. I nodded my head, but I couldn't help feeling bad for the girl. \"C'mon fellas, let's go meet up with the girls.\" I said to my friends as we walked off the bleachers. Just hope Rizzo will be nice to her! I mean this girl seems really senitive and I don't want anyone hurting her.[Chapter 3] Kenickie's POV The boys and I arrived to the outside of the cafeteria to see the girls at the table, so we walked over to them. \"Hello ladies.\" Danny greeted them. \"Hi Danny.\" Sandy smiled at Danny. Danny smiled at her, Zuko must really love her. \"Anyway we just met this very sweet girl, but she's very shy.\" Danny told them. \"So could you please be nice.\" \"Oh she's right here boys.\" Rizzo said pointing at Sandy. Danny lets out a annoy sigh, looking over at me. \"Rizzo please, this girl is very special.\" I told her. \"So can you please be really nice to her?\" I begged. She puts her hand on mine. \"Don't worry boys, I'll be really nice.\" She said. \"Thank you.\" I said. Just as I was gonna lean in for a kiss, we heard laughters across the school yard to see bimbo Dana and her \"Brats\" laughing at a girl who was crying on the ground. It was Abby! \"Hey!\" Danny yelled as us fellas and the girls ran over to Abby. \"Hello boys.\" Dana winked at us. \"Leave her alone!\" I snapped. Sandy helped Abby up and comforted her. \"Wait are you boys really defending this loser?\" She asked laughing. \"She ain't a loser!\" Sonny yelled. \"Now how about you and the \"Brats\" just get outta here eh!\" I looked over to see the girls comforting a crying Abby. \"Zukie baby why you surprise me by defending for the most loser on this earth.\" Dana flirted with Danny. Then she puts her hand on his chest. \"Get ya hand off of me.\" Danny says. \"I love it when your harsh.\" Dana said smirking at her. \"Rizzo.\" Danny called out. Rizzo pushed Dana off of Danny. \"Get ya bimbo hands of Danny!\" Rizzo told her. \"Or else you'll be walking around with a black eye. Then Dana dramatically gasp and flips her hair as she and her \"Brats walked of. \"That's my girl.\" I said kissing Rizzo's cheek. The boys and I walked over to Abby. \"Abby, are ya ok?\" Danny asked. \"We're gonna protect you 24 hours a day.\" I told her. \"Starting now!\" Sonny added. \"Yeah!\" Doody and Putzie agreed. \"Guys!\" We heard the girl yelled. We looked over at them. \"Invite her to sit with us.\" Sandy said. \"Yeah.\" Jan added chuckling. \"Oh, right!\" Danny said as we turned to Abby. \"Abby, would you please sit with us for lunch?\" He asked her. Abby smiled a little. \"Really?\" She asked. \"Of course.\" I said giving her a warm smile. \"Ok.\" She smiled. \"Let's go Abby!\" Putzie cheered dragging Abby to the table where the girls were sitting at. I think my Babyface got a crush on somebody! So we all walked back to the table and trying to know more about Abby and telling her about us. \"And that's when the boys and I became the T-Birds.\" Danny finished. \"And the girls and I became the Pink Ladies.\" Rizzo added. \"Of course I met the love of my life.\" Danny said putting his around Sandy. Abby smiled. \"You are so adorable.\" Abby commented. \"Aw thank you Abby, you are so sweet.\" Sandy said. \"You are welcome.\" Abby replied. She is so cute for her age. \"Hey Abby, since we're greeat friends would it be ok if we all hang out after school?\" Sonny asked her. I saw her getting tensed up, I'm sure the guys noticed it too. \"U-Um, after s-school?\" She asked. \"Of course, what do ya say?\" Marty asked. \"Um sorry guys, you just can't, I'm sorry.\" She said getting up and ran off. \"Abby!\" Danny yelled after her. \"I'll go talk to her.\" I said getting up and running after Abby. When I got to the school building, I saw Abby at the bench crying. So I walked over to her and sat next to her. \"Hey.\" I gently say. \"I'm sorry for running off like that.\" She apologizes. \"You got nothing to be sorry.\" I told her. \"It just…I can't tell you.\" She said. \"Why not?\" I asked her. \"Please understand this Kenickie.\" She said looking up at me. Tears were coming down like a waterfall. \"Ok, but can the boys and I just drive you home just to make sure you're safe?\" I asked her. \"I'll be fine, thanks.\" She said. \"Please.\" I begged. \"Ok.\" She said. I comfort her in my arms. \"Don't worry about that stupid Dana and her \"Brats\". I told her. Something inside of me feels like something else is going with Abby in her life, like when Sonny asked if she could hang out with us, she got all tensed up. I gotta tell the guys, I'm pretty sure they seen the way she tensed up.[Chapter 4] Sonny's POV The guys and I drove Abby home. \"You have a nice house.\" I commented. \"Thank you Sonny.\" She said. I was sitting on the back hood of Greased Lightnin so I can make room for her to sit. But I noticed she got even paler. Something must be going on. \"I'll walk you up to your front door.\" Danny offered. \"No,\" She quickly says. \"I mean, no it's ok. Thank you.\" She said getting out quickly and runs up to the front porch, walking inside her house and shutting the door behind her. Then we drove off the driveway and drove around the block, coming back to her street and parked at the street in front of her house, it was after supper. The guys and I planned to see what is up with Abby, because we were starting to worry about the girl. I know we just met her and all, but still! \"It's almost 8:00.\" Doody whispers. \"Maybe we were just imaging it?\" Putzie asked innocently. \"I hope so, because I'm worry.\" Danny said looking at her house. Just then we heard a crash inside. \"Wait,\" Danny said putting his hand on Kenickie's arm. \"What?\" Kenickie asked. \"Shhh,\" Danny shush us. We could hear yelling inside and crying, uh oh this can't be good! \"Let's go!\" Danny said as we all got out of Greased Lightnin, running toward the front porch. Danny didn't bother opening or knock because it sounded like Abby was in trouble, so he kicked the door open and we ran into the kitchen to see something that made our heart broke and our vains boiling up. Uh oh! Will the boys find out about Abby's secret?[Chapter 5] Doody's POV THAT DOOFUS IS SO DEAD! WHAT KIND OF SICK PERSON ABUSE THEIR OWN FREAKIN' CHILD!? Danny, Kenickie and Sonny ran to attack Mr. Hall for abusing Abby while Putzie and I quickly saved Abby, Putzie picked her up in his arms. \"Let's bring her to the couch.\" I said as we ran in the living room and Putzie gently lay Abby on the couch sitting in front of her and I sat on the coffee table. \"Hey you ok?\" Putzie asked. Abby shook her head, crying her eyes out. \"Shhh, we're gonna save you.\" I told her. Putzie held Abby close to him as she cried in his arms, and I went back in the kitchen to see Eric lying on the ground. \"Is he dead?\" I asked. \"I hope.\" Sonny mutters. \"Where's Abby?\" Danny asked me. \"In the living room.\" I told him. The guys and I ran in the living room, Danny craddled Abby in his arms. \"Shhh, it's ok darlin.\" Danny comforted her. \"Come on, we're going back to my place.\" Danny said scooping her up in his arms. \"He's gonna kill me.\" She cried. \"Oh no he won't,\" Kenickie said as we ran ouside. \"Not when you have the T-Birds by ya side to protect you.\" So we quickly got in Greased Lightnin and drove away.[Chapter 6] New chapter! Xx Putzie's POV As we went back to Danny's house, while the guys were in the kitchen telling Mr. and Mrs. Zuko what had happened tonight, I was in the living room with Abby in my arms sobbing. I felt SO bad for her. \"I'm sorry.\" She apologized. I looked down at her confused. \"Sorry?\" I asked. \"What are you sorry about?\" \"For bringing you fellas into this, it's all my fault.\" She cried. \"I wish I never existed.\" I literally felt my heart breaking into millions of pieces. \"Abby, listen to me.\" I sit her up, cupping her cheeks in my hands. \"You have nothing, nothing to be sorry.\" I told her. \"Everyone is glad you are here, the guys and I are super glad you are.\" Abby sniffs. \"Abby, please remember this...we all care about you, if we didn't care about you...we would've saved you, but we like you, a lot.\" I added. \"I care about you very, very, very much.\" I said. \"You guys really do care about us?\" She asked. \"Very much.\" We looked over to see the guys walking in the living room. \"Abby, my father is talking to the social security services to report for child abuse and my folks are adopt you.\" Danny added. She looks at me and I smiled at her warmly. I noticed she had tears in her eyes, it was happy tears. She ran up to hug Danny as he hugged her back. \"Thank you so much.\" She mumbled. \"Anytime kid.\" Danny said. Then we saw Danny's 8 years old little sister Daisy walking downstairs. \"Oh Daisy, I would like you to meet a friend of ours, Abby Hall. She's gonna be our new adoptive sister.\" Danny intruded her to Daisy. \"Really?\" Daisy asked. \"Yep.\" Kenickie smiled. \"Yay!\" Daisy cheered as she hugged Abby and, Abby hugged her back. \"You're really beautiful.\" She added. \"Thank you sweetie.\" Abby smiled. We smiled at the girls, we were so glad and blessed that we Abby from her nightmares and safe with us. ","Summary":" So I'm rewriting my story, if you wanna review I don't mind. But please just be nice, that'd be gre"},{"Movie":"King Kong","Title":"King Kong return","Author":"Nestik94","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10837547","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The main characters survive in New York as they can. Charles became a famous director, Anne works as a waitress. Jack decided to work with Carl. And here's one on the current circumstances they will meet again. Indeed, as it became known King Kong, miraculously survived. And to correct what they have done, they will try to take him out of the city. But on the way new challenging obstacles: Carl decides to open worldwide this island.[Chapter 2] Prologue: -We Will call you! How many times, after another listen, Anne heard this phrase. Quite in despair, she decided to quit acting career. The girl got a job as a waitress in a cozy New York cafe. One day, during her shift, she met Carl. He sat in the corner, drinking cappuccino. To her disappointment, he called her just to make another order. Seeing a familiar figure from his past, dark-haired man surprised asked: -Enn? What are you doing here? Faced with his brown eyes, the girl did not reply, she asked: -What'll Order, mister? Carl saw a behavior, grinned You're looking good, Ann! You do not give a job, right? Again, ignoring him, she asked: -So, You'll make an order? Watching at the girl, he just smiled, and said: Yes, of course. Bring me your best dish, which you only have. Hearing it, the girl looked at him coldly, and followed the course. When she brought it, then started watching it pretty face. The girl came up to him, his arms crossed over his chest, hissed: -Karl, Eat faster, otherwise I vomit on your contented look. Snow-white cloth wiped his mouth, he said: Do not worry, now I will go out of your dining room! Ann shut blue eyes, from what he heard: -What? Do you think that this eatery? You know how you were scum, and remained Karl Denim! As he left, he shouted: -But, People like me, and survive in the city! Hearing his last sentence, the blonde could not resist taking a glass plate, and threw in the direction where he was standing, just standing Carl. Hearing the sound, crashed saucers, standing on the street, the man shook his head. Yes, I think she, quickly tired of this job. She comes to work on shooting, how cute ... ","Summary":" The main characters survive in New York as they can. Charles became a famous director, Anne works a"},{"Movie":"Grease","Title":"What Should Be Or Shouldn't Be","Author":"Writergirl2015","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12647082","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is mt first Grease story, please be nice. If not, then don't review. Thank you! The T-Birds were under the bleachers of Rydell High football field having a smoke and talking about the rumble with the Scorpions that night. \"But what happened if they don't show up?\" Doody asked. \"We'll celebrate and look for babes.\" Kenickie replied. \"Now that is why you are my favorite!\" Sonny cheered happily. Danny chuckles at them. \"You boys go and I'll be with Sandy.\" Danny tells them. \"And I'll be with Frenchy.\" Doody said. \"And I'll be with mine Jan.\" Putzie smiled. \"This reminds me, I gotta go meet up with her, later fellas.\" \"Don't do anything that Kenickie would do.\" Danny teased. Kenickie gave him the glare. \"Alright,\" Putzie laughed. When Putzie was walking towards the school building, Danny looked over to see the Scorpions driving really fast towards Putzie. \"Putzie, look out!\" Danny yelled running over and pushed Putzie out of the way and then he saw everything go blurry and blackness. \"DANNY!\" Kenickie yelled as the guys and everybody ran over to Danny's body. \"No, not my brother!\" Putzie yelled as Sonny comforted Putzie by putting a hand on his back. \"Come on Zuko, you gotta wake up man.\" Kenickie said. \"Danny!\" Doody looks up see Sandy and the girls there. \"Don't look Sandy.\" Putzie said hugging a crying Sandy in his arms. Kenickie looks up angry at the Scorpions. \"You creeps are dead men!\" Kenickie yelled angry. \"Well he needs to watch where he is going!\" Leo yelled. \"I'M GONNA KILL YA!\" Kenickie screamed. \"I'm gonna go get Miss McGee and the nurse!\" Doody said running to get Miss McGee and the nurse with Frenchy behind him. \"Is he gonna be ok?\" Sonny asked with fear in his eyes. \"Don't worry Sonny-boy; Zuko is not leaving us…not ever.\" Kenickie tells him. Give me a good feedback! Thanks! :)[Chapter 2] In Danny's dreams, he opens his eyes and looked around to see that he was lying right where he got hit by the Scorpions. \"Huh?\" Danny asked himself as he stood up feeling no pain. \"What the….\" He walks over to the school building and inside. \"Guys? Putzie? Sandy?\" Danny asked. \"Man,\" Then he walks over to the boys who were at their lockers. \"Hey uh have you seen the guys?\" Danny asked. \"Why?\" The kid asked as he laughed. \"What are you some kind of loser?\" \"Excuse me? Do you know who you are talking to?\" Danny asked. \"I am asking where the heck my buddies are and now where are they?\" \"We don't know who you or your friends are.\" The other kid says. \"Really?\" Danny asked. \"Yeah,\" The kid said. \"Later dude.\" They walked off and Danny turned around feeling scared and confused. \"What the heck is going on here?\" Danny asked himself. I know this is really short chapter, but the next one will be longer. I promise![Chapter 3] Then Danny saw a blond innocent boy walking pass him. \"Putzie!\" Danny yelled running over to him. Putzie turned to Danny feeling scared. \"L-Leave me alone.\" Putzie begged. Danny looked at him confused. \"Putzie, what's wrong?\" Danny asked. \"Why are you calling me that? And who's Putzie?\" Putzie asked. Danny couldn't believe it, his youngest best friend and his baby T-Bird don't know who he is…his little brother. \"P-Putzie, it's me Danny. Danny Zuko.\" Danny told him. \"I'm your best friend!\" \"I don't have any friends.\" Putzie tells him. \"I'm sorry Danny, but I'm not Putzie...I'm Roger.\" Then Putzie ran off and Danny felt his knees went weak on him. \"Babyface,\" Danny whispers quietly. \"Oh no, Kenickie!\" Danny yelled running off to find Kenickie. But when Danny arrived at the gas station, his world turn upside down. His best friend Kenickie was holding a gun in his hand at the owner of the store. \"Kenickie, no!\" Danny yelled. \"Who the heck are you?!\" Kenickie asked. \"Danny, your best friend!\" Danny tells him. \"No you're not!\" Kenickie yelled back. \"Yes I am!\" Danny yelled. \"Know what stranger, how about you just shut your dang mouth and let me shoot this freak huh?\" Kenickie asked. \"Come on man, this aintin you.\" Danny says. \"Listen kid, I got a lot things in my mind and so would ya just leave me be and let me shoot freak?\" Kenickie asked. Just then the cop's car showed up. \"Shoot!\" Kenickie yelled running out back. \"Kenickie!\" Danny yelled. Then he ran out back where Kenickie ran out, but he was nowhere to be seen. \"KENICKIE!\" Danny yelled. He ran his fingers through his hair in frustration. \"Oh my god, what is happening here?\" Danny asked. \"Sonny!\" He yelled running off. When he stops to see Sonny going in the courthouse with two policemen behind him and he felt his knee drop. \"Sonny!\" Danny yelled running over to them. \"Stay away from this man young boy.\" The police told Danny. \"What do you mean pal? That's Sonny, my best friend!\" Danny yelled. \"I don't even know who you are!\" Sonny yelled. \"Sonny, not you too.\" Danny said with tears in his eyes. \"It's me Danny Zuko!\" \"I'm sorry kid, but I don't know who you are.\" Sonny said. \"Why are you going here?\" Danny asked. \"I do drugs, why do you care?\" Sonny asked. Danny finally realized what was going on, if Danny wasn't alive or the guys didn't knew each other or weren't best friends, their lives would be total different…which was Danny worst nightmare. Then he watched the policemen walk Sonny inside the building. \"This is not happening.\" Danny thought. He needed to get the life they had before. What do you think!?[Chapter 4] Danny was walking down to his hometown and saw Doody with a gang. \"Doody!\" Danny ran over to them. \"Doody, please tell you're ok!\" Danny begged. \"Who are you?\" Doody asked. \"And what did you just call me?\" \"Not you too.\" Danny sighed. \"Let's go fellas.\" Doody said walking away with the gang. Danny felt his heart sink and he looks up. \"Why me? Why him? Why them?\" He asked. \"Sandy!\" Then he ran downtown and when he looks up to see the billboard, his whole world went crashing down on him, it was a picture of his girl Sandy Olsson dressed as a stripper, his innocent girlfriend. \"No,\" Danny whispers and he saw Sandy getting harassed by couple of old drunken men. \"Hey! Leave her alone!\" Danny pushed the old drunken men off of Sandy and punched them. \"Now get outta here!\" Danny yelled. Then the men ran off. \"Thank you.\" Sandy said. Danny turned to Sandy. \"You ok?\" Danny asked. \"Yeah, Gosh I hate those men.\" Sandy mutters. \"Don't worry, those creeps have no life.\" Danny tells her. \"So uh...You're a stripper?\" \"Yeah, you're not…gonna do anything to me right?\" Sandy asked. \"No, don't worry.\" Danny said, he wanted to give her a kiss and hug, but he didn't want to scare her. \"My name is Danny.\" \"Oh it's nice to meet you Danny, I'm Sandy.\" Sandy smiled. \"Uh would you like me to walk you home so you can be safe?\" Danny asked trying not to scare Sandy. \"Sure, you seem like a nice boy.\" Sandy said. \"Thanks.\" Danny smiled as they started walking. When they arrived to Sandy's apartment and walked inside. \"You have a nice home.\" Danny tells her. \"Thanks, I live alone.\" Sandy told her. \"Alone?\" Danny asked. \"Should I trust you?\" Sandy asked. \"Oh sorry, yes you can. Don't worry.\" Danny said. \"So uh…why a stripper huh? I mean you look like a nice sweet girl.\" \"I did it to make money for me and my baby boy.\" Sandy told him. \"Wait, you have a baby?\" Danny asked. Then Danny felt like screaming, he wants his old life back…this was not his Sandy. \"Yeah,\" Sandy nodded. \"His name is Alex.\" Danny smiled a little, Alexander was his middle name. \"Cute name.\" Danny commented. \"Speaking of, I gotta pick him up from my mother's house.\" She says. \"Oh…\" He said as they walked out. \"I'll uh…see you around.\" Sandy said walking off. \"Not my Sandra Dee.\" Danny says. Then he walked around a little bit, and saw Tom on the street. \"Tom!\" Danny yelled running over to Tom. \"Who are you?\" Tom asked looking up Danny. \"It's me, Danny Zuko.\" Danny tells him. \"I'm a greaser…leader of the T-Bird.\" \"I'm sorry, don't a ring bell.\" Tom says. Then Danny sat down next to him rubbing his face in frustration. \"But…maybe you can tell me a little about yourself.\" Tom offers. \"Ok! Well, first off my name is Danny Zuko and I go to this school call Rydell high that you also go to…and I'm the leader of the bad boy gang The T-Birds with my buddies name Kenickie Murdoch, Sonny LaTierri, Doody Del Fuego and Putzie Jacobs…\" Then he felt tears well up in his eyes. \"And my girlfriend is Sandy.\" \"Oh...well I'm sorry buddy, I go to school anymore…I dropped out…living in the street.\" Tom told him. \"But I once stole guitar and taught myself how to play.\" \"Hey kid!\" They looked over to see Doody walking over to them while Danny stood up facing Doody. \"Ok, come on buddy. Let's rumble.\" \"Doody, you're nickname is Doody…Anthony.\" Danny says. \"Listen creep, I know who you are and ya better stop or else.\" Doody threatens. \"I'm telling you the truth man!\" Danny said. \"You're my best friend, we known each other since diapers days, along with the guys Kenickie, Sonny and Putzie!\" Then Doody looks down. \"Should I believe ya?\" Doody asked. \"Yes! Please…\" Danny begged. Then Doody lets out a sigh. \"Fine.\" Doody gave in. \"Yes, come on.\" Danny said as he helped Tom up. \"Whoa, whoa, whoa slow down Jack.\" Doody said. \"Where do you think you're taking us?\" \"He seems like a nice guy.\" Tom said. \"Shut up!\" Doody yelled. \"Hey,\" Danny scolded at him. \"Now let's go. Then the boys walked off.[Chapter 5] Here's a long version of this chapter! :) A little while, the boys got Kenickie, Sonny, Putzie, Sandy and Frenchy together at an abandon house. \"Ok, now that I got all of ya here. There is something I have to explain.\" Danny told them. Kenickie looks away annoyed and back Danny. \"This…our lives in this world…it aintin us.\" Danny told them. \"What do ya mean it aintin us?\" Sonny asked. \"You're not a drug addict Sonny, Kenickie is not a robber, Putzie…you are loved and care about everyone, you were basically everyone's favorite, Tom you were a jock at Rydell high and Doody you never ever in a million years rolled with the big guys, you was never heartless, you were sweet and loveable…and Sandy…you were never a stripper, you were sweet, innocent, smart…and really pretty.\" Danny explained. \"And Frenchy was a great friend; I helped Doody to ask her out.\" The gang looked at each other. \"Where's the girls? Rizzo, Marty and Jan.\" Danny asked. Then they looked at each other and back at Danny. \"What is it guys? Tell me!\" Danny begged to know. \"Rizzo…she's in jail for helping her boyfriend terrorized teenage kids in middle school, Marty…she is…she was abused by her…b-boyfriend...and um…passed away…and Jan…she is an outcast…overweight.\" Sandy told her. \"What about Patty and Eugene?\" Danny asked. \"Oh that girl, Patty…she's pregnant.\" Tom told him. \"Patty? Our nice but perky Patty?\" Danny asked. They all nodded their heads. \"And what happened to Eugene?\" Danny asked. \"Oh you mean that greaser, yeah I'm gonna rumble him this Friday.\" Doody said. \"Everyone wanna come and watch?\" \"I do.\" Kenickie said. \"Wait, are you making this up?\" Sonny asked. \"No I'm not! You guys gotta believe me!\" Danny snapped. \"This is not real life!\" \"Well kid, we don't.\" Kenickie says. \"Now let me go rob another store huh?\" \"No, you are not gonna rob someone's store Kenneth!\" Danny yelled. \"Just because your father walked out when you were 3!\" Then Kenickie pushed Danny against the wall hard. \"How did you know about my old man?\" Kenickie asked clutching onto his leather jacket. \"Because I'm your best friend, the same thing happened to Sonny when he was 6 years old.\" Danny added. \"I'm gonna leave,\" Kenickie said roughly letting go of Danny and left with Sonny behind him. \"I think I should go, I need to be with my son right now.\" Sandy told him. \"Bye.\" Then Sandy left. \"Well I'm off.\" Tom said running off. \"Great.\" Danny mutters. Then Putzie stood up and slowly walks over to Danny, putting his hand on his shoulder. \"I believe you.\" Putzie told him. Danny looks down at Putzie. \"You do?\" Danny asked. Putzie nods his head. \"Yeah, no person would get everyone together and…yeah.\" Putzie says. \"Right Anthony.\" Putzie looked over at Doody who stood up. \"So…this dude Doody…what's he like in person?\" Doody asked him. \"He's a great guy, he's cool, smart, sweet and loveable.\" Danny told him. \"He nor Putzie doesn't have a mean bone in their bodies.\" \"What about the guys? Kenickie and Sonny? Putzie asked. \"Them too, Kenickie is the one who calls you, Putzie, Babyface.\" Danny told him. \"And you call him Kenny whenever you are upset, scared or sad.\" \"Oh, what does Babyface mean anyway?\" Putzie asked. \"Well…it means that you have a face of a baby, cause you look so small and innocent.\" Danny told him. \"He aintin wrong.\" Doody said grabbing Putzie's chine. \"Ow, that hurts.\" Putzie said rubbing his chine. \"And Eugene, he's not a greaser.\" Danny says. \"Then what is he?\" Doody asked. \"He's a nerd.\" Danny told him. \"He's nice and really smart.\" \"Huh…what about the other girls?\" Doody asked. \"Well I know Rizzo would never ever in her life would hurt kids, and Marty…she was still alive and so sweet and awesome…and Jan, yes she ate a lot but she was really, really sweet and beautiful.\" Danny said as tears well up in his eyes. \"Ok Danny, maybe you are right.\" Doody says. \"Maybe? Maybe! Guys, it's true! Putzie, tell him!\" Danny yelled. \"Ok, maybe we can go get everyone back.\" Putzie told him. \"Come on Doody, let's go.\" \"Fine, but if I miss my rumble tonight…\" Doody says. Then Putzie turned around and gave Doody the look. \"Ok, rumble aintin important.\" Doody said. \"Danny's our best friend and he is very important to us.\" Then Danny smiled and walked over to them, putting his arms around them. \"Thanks fellas that really mean a lot.\" Danny said. \"Ay no problem, like you said…Doody doesn't have bad bone, neither should this Doody.\" Doody told him. Then Danny smiled and the boys ran off to find the others. \"So how it like to be living in the other world?\" Danny heard a voice behind him, and then he turned around. \"Who are ya?\" He asked a man in a white suit. \"I'm you're guardian angel, Marvin.\" The guy told him. Then Danny pushed Marvin up against the closed the door. \"Who are ya and what are you doing to me huh?\" Danny asked him. \"I'm just showing you what your lives would be like if you weren't alive.\" Marvin tells him. \"Alive? Do ya have something against me buddy?\" Danny asked angry. \"Ok, no I don't and I am a huge fan of your by the way.\" Marvin tells him. \"Well then get me back to real world would ya!\" Danny yelled. \"This world is MESS UP!\" \"See if you weren't here, everybody would be so different.\" Marvin told him as Danny sat down on the chair. \"Kenickie would be a robber,\" \"He would never steal anything!\" Danny yelled. \"Sonny is a drug addict.\" Marvin added. \"I know Sonny and he would never go too far bucko!\" Danny yelled getting annoyed. \"Would you let me explained?\" Marvin asked him. Danny lets out a sigh. \"Doody is a greaser, but he's not like your Doody…he's mean…he's really cool…\" Marvin told him. \"And Putzie…he's abused at home and bullied at school.\" Danny looks up at him. \"My Putzie?\" Danny asked. Marvin nods his head yes. Then Danny stood up. \"Give me a sec please.\" Danny said as he punched the glass hard. \"I'm good now.\" \"And your innocent Sandy is…a stripper trying to make some money for her and her baby.\" Marvin says. \"Eugene is also a greaser, Patty is not a cheerleader but she's pregnant girl who sleeps around a lot…and Tom is homeless.\" Then Danny closed his eyes. \"I don't believe this.\" Danny says. \"Hey, do you think you can take me to Rizzo, Jan, Marty and Frenchy?\" \"Of course Daniel.\" Marvin smiled. \"Thanks, but only my mother calls me \"Daniel\".\" Danny told him. Then Marvin zapped them at the police department. \"There's Rizzo.\" Danny saw Rizzo in the room. \"Rizzo, no.\" Danny whispers. \"Yep, she and her boyfriend would go to Middle school and beat the kids up.\" Marvin told him. \"I can take you too Frenchy.\" Marvin said as she zapped them to a diner….which was Frosty Palace. \"She's so poor that she took a full time as a waitress to make money.\" Marvin told him. Danny felt his heart broken how a mess Frenchy looked. \"This is not good.\" Danny said. \"You think that's bad, you should see Jan.\" Marvin said looking at Danny. \"Let's go see her please.\" Danny said as they zapped to Jan's apartment. \"Jan!?\" Danny asked. \"Who are you?\" The overweight Jan asked. \"It's me. Danny, Putzie's best friend.\" Danny said. \"Please you gotta believe me!\" \"I'm gonna call a cop…hoodlum.\" Jan said walking in the living room. Then Danny turns to Marvin. \"You, are gonna get me back to my real world again buddy.\" Danny said pointing at the angel. \"Daniel, don't you see.\" Marvin says. \"Ok what did I tell you about calling me Daniel huh?\" Danny asked getting annoyed. \"Look I know you're annoyed, but I just wanna to show how would lives would be without you.\" Marvin tells him. \"But why me? What did I do?\" Danny asked. \"Ok…tell me why did you guys choose to be the T-Birds?\" Marvin asked him. \"I don't know, we just…wanna to be cool.\" Danny says, but confused. \"Look Daniel-Danny, who was the first one to chose to be cool…and not show emotions?\" Marvin asked. \"K-Kenickie.\" Danny replied. Then Marvin nods his head. \"And why?\" Marvin asked again. \"Because his old man walked out on him when he saw really small, and so did Sonny's.\" Danny said. \"So…\" Marvin started. \"If I wasn't alive…the guys would be totally different…and without me….they'd be a mess and…broken.\" Danny figured it out. Then Marvin nods. \"So it's make all sense…but I know Kenickie and Sonny always trying to be cool…\" Danny started. \"But why couldn't they just come to me if they feel upset…epically on Father's day?\" \"Because they were scared that they'll lose their rep.\" Marvin told him. Then Danny lets out a sigh. \"Look man, sorry for blowing up like that earlier…but could you please bring back.\" Danny begged. \"And so I can talk to Kenickie and Sonny.\" Marvin smiled at Danny. \"Of course.\" Marvin says as he snapped his fingers.[Chapter 6] This is the last chapter! Then finally Danny opens his eyes to see the guys staring down at him with worried looks in their eyes and he was in the nurse's office. \"Danny, you ok buddy?\" Putzie asked. \"Fellas!\" Danny yelled happily as he stood up and hugs his best friends. \"Thank god you guys are alright.\" \"Zuko, you alright.\" Kenickie asked. \"Are you still hurt?\" \"No.\" Danny said letting go. \"I'm just glad to see you fellas.\" \"So are we.\" Sonny smiled. \"We were worried about ya, Sandy was scared to death.\" \"Sandy! Sandy!\" Danny yelled running out of the office. \"I think he still banged up from the hit.\" Doody says. \"Yeah, come on.\" Kenickie said as they went out. \"Danny you ok?\" Sandy asked as Danny put her. \"Yeah I'm great, I'm still happy that you're mine.\" Danny said kissing her head. \"I love you Sandra Dee!\" \"Oh I love you too Danny.\" Danny smiled. \"Danny you ok?\" Frenchy asked. \"Oh girls, you alive and healthy.\" Danny said hugging them. \"Marty, don't you ever forget the man who loves ya like crazy…that's Sonny.\" \"Oh thanks Danny.\" Marty says. Then Danny saw Eugene walking down the hall. \"Hey Felsnick!\" Danny yelled running over to Eugene and hugging him. \"Yeah he really has lost it.\" Putzie commented. \"Oh why hi Danny, why are you hugging me?\" Eugene asked. \"Just glad you're still a nerd.\" Danny smiled patting his shoulder. \"Um…thanks, I think.\" Eugene said confused. \"Hey Tom,\" Danny said walking over to Tom. \"Here's 20 bucks.\" \"20 bucks? Danny…thanks man.\" Tom said grabbing the 20 bucks from Danny. \"But why are you giving me these?\" \"Hey man, you deserve it.\" Danny said patting his back. \"Thanks.\" Tom smiled. \"Danny, you ok?\" Danny turned to see Patty there. \"Patty, you're still here and innocent.\" Danny yelled kissing her. The gang's mouth drops to the ground. \"Whoa Zuko!\" Kenickie yelled. \"Dang man!\" Sonny smirked. Then Danny lets go. \"Oh my, I just kissed Danny Zuko.\" Patty smiled. Then the 4 youngest T-Birds walked over to Danny. \"Danny…buddy, you ok?\" Kenickie asked gently. \"How many fingers am I'm holding up?\" Doody asked holding 2 fingers up. \"Guys, I'm fine.\" Danny smiled. \"I just…love my life…with you guys, the girls and everyone else.\" \"Oh we love you too,\" Putzie said. \"Danny sweetie, what's going on?\" Sandy asked him. \"Nothing Sandy, I just love you so much.\" Danny said hugging her and kissed her cheek. \"All of ya.\" \"Ok, why is everyone not going their classes?\" Ms. McGee said as everyone started walking to their classes. \"I'll see you after school.\" Sandy said kissing Danny's cheek and left. \"Sonny, aren't you supposed to be in—\" Ms. McGee started, but Danny stopped her. \"Ms. McGee, please let Sonny off the hook.\" Danny said. The guys looked at Danny in surprised. \"I mean he's just a kid.\" Danny said. \"Besides, Sonny is a nicest person I can tell you that.\" \"He is?\" Blanche asked. Danny laughs. \"Yes, so please?\" Danny begged. Then Ms. McGee sighed. \"Ok, but only for this time.\" Ms. McGee said. \"Now get to class boys.\" \"Yes Ms. McGee.\" The T-Birds all said at the same time. Then Danny turned to the guys. \"Zuko, why did you do that?\" Sonny asked. \"Not that's a problem.\" The guys chuckles at him. \"Because…I don't want you and Kenickie thinking that no one in the world doesn't care about you or why you guys act the way you do.\" Danny told them. Kenickie and Sonny looked over at each other and back at Danny. \"What are you talking about?\" Kenickie asked him. \"Both of ya old man walked out on ya when you guys were small.\" Danny said. \"And if it weren't for me, Doody or Putzie…you would be in jail or…worse.\" \"We're not that bad.\" Sonny protested. Danny chuckles at them. \"Guys, I want you to know that your fathers walking out on ya…it's not nor ever your faults.\" Danny told them. \"Thanks Zuko.\" Kenickie smiled. \"Yeah,\" Sonny agreed. \"Hey no probs fellas.\" Danny said. \"Come on; let's get going before Ms. McGee catch us again.\" Then they all laughed and walked down the hall. Thanks for reading! Tell me what'cha think!? :) ","Summary":" This is mt first Grease story, please be nice. If not, then don't review. Thank you! The T-Birds we"},{"Movie":"Gladiator","Title":"We Will be Free","Author":"Savvy Sammy-13","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10501415","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The room was dark, highlighted only by flames burning from lamps, and for once, Cassia did not mind. Her fingers worked swiftly, braiding Empress Lucilla's freshly washed hair and pinning it into place. Cassia breathed in deeply. She paused a moment to stare down at her hands. She held a stream of blond hair in each, but her hands were shaking. She quickly began working again, smoothing out a few strands. \"Cassia?\" \"Yes, empress?\" Cassia answered immediately. \"Are you okay this morning?\" Lucilla reached behind her head and pulled her hair out of the young girl's hands. She pulled it up and clasped it herself. \"Yes ma'am, I didn't get much sleep last night,\" Cassia tried to stifle a yawn. It was either a yawn or a need to sob rising in her throat. Either way, it hurt, and Cassia swallowed it down hard. \"I should be asking you how you are this morning,\" Cassia added. \"It won't be much longer now.\" Lucilla shook her head. \"What is wrong, Cassia? You are not your useful jovial self. Have you spoken to my son?\" Cassia swallowed hard again. Lucius barely raised his eyes to his half-brother as he passed him in the corridor. Lucius kept his eyes on the marble floor. He was in a hurry anyway. He had slept much later than he had meant to because he had stayed up most of the night. His half-brother, Servius was, of course, clad in the finest outfit provided by Commodus. Lucius had noticed that much about him. If Lucius would have looked to his thirteen year old brother's face, however, he probably would have seen the sly smirk upon it and would have been ready for Servius's childish games, but since he did not, he was not ready. As the two boys passed each other, Servius slipped his foot in between Lucius's, nearly sending Lucius sprawling to the marble floor. \"Servius!\" Lucius exploded into a fit of rage. He lunged forward at the boy with clenched fists. Lucius's teeth and lips were set into a tight snarl, but he was met with a childish laugh. It was one that made Lucius's skin crawl. Servius leaned his head back and his dark hair bounced a little as he laughed. The young boy clutched his stomach and continued laughing as if Lucius had not nearly lost his composure and hit him. Lucius straightened his toga and shook his head in disapproval. Regaining his composure was all he knew he could do. He assumed that Servius's guards were probably not much farther down the corridor. \"Oh brother you tempt me so,\" Servius cleared his throat, but began laughing again. Lucius scowled at the young boy. He wanted so badly to reach out a whop the boy's head, but he knew that he would only be told on, and Lucius did not want to upset his mother further. Any attempt at disciplining the boy would probably be seen as a threat against the boy's life in Commodus's eyes anyway. Lucius was finding that he was having a much harder time not losing his temper at Servius's childish and cruel games as the both of them grew older. As much as Lucius wanted to do something to anger Commodus, and punish Servius for his constant misbehavior, he felt that it was best for both he and his mother if he did not begin anything that Commodus would see as a threat. \"Where are you headed this morning, Lucius?\" Servius asked simply as if nothing had happened between them. Lucius clenched his fists at his sides. \"I'm going to see mother and see how she is today,\" he answered him and turned away abruptly, beginning to walk back in the direction he had been headed. \"Wait, Lucius,\" Servius began walking too and quickly caught up with him. \"I'm going to train with my father. Do you not wish you could go as well?\" Servius questioned. The boy tilted his head so that he could stare up at Lucius as they walked. \"No,\" Lucius snapped. He stopped walking and glared down at the boy. \"He told me that he had a bear brought in for me,\" Servius continued. His eyes sparkled with interest at the subject he spoke of. Lucius shrugged his shoulders. \"There's no skill in killing a bear…or any other animal that is incapable of fighting back.\" \"You're just jealous,\" Servius shot back. Lucius stared at the boy for a few moments. Servius was short for thirteen, seeming as if he was never going to hit his growth spurt. He was also a little pudgy. His face still had a childlike quality although he was quickly approaching young manhood. Commodus was conditioning the boy and raising him up in ways that neither Lucius nor Lucilla approved of. Some days when Lucius watched Servius, Lucius felt as if he was staring at Commodus in child form while other days he felt as if he was staring at a normal growing child. At times, Servius could be ruthlessly destructive, but other times, he was indeed just a child. Lucius was not allowed to participate in any sort of training. Perhaps he was a little jealous that it was forbidden for him. He knew that Commodus feared him, especially since he was growing older. He was twenty-two now, but treated as if he was just a child. He was not allowed to leave the palace regularly, and on rare occasions when he was allowed, he was heavily guarded. Lucius could remember the days before his uncle married his mother and before their relationships all became so complicated. He remembered when he and his uncle had an almost father-son like relationship, but it was really before Lucius could know any better. Worst of all, Lucius remembered all too well when Commodus killed Maximus in the coliseum. He remembered seeing the hero fall as his blood stained Commodus's white armor. In the short time before Lucilla provided him with the pure heir he wanted, Commodus actually tried to get close to Lucius again, but Lucius was too far gone already. Lucius had made it clear that his uncle would not condition him. At eight years old, the trust he once had with his uncle was broken forever. Lucius then became nothing more but a burden to Commodus—a burden and a pawn to use against Lucilla. Lately, Lucius and Commodus's already rocky relationship and somehow gotten worse. Lucius blamed it on his age, and the idea that Commodus probably saw him as a threat now that he was old enough to think for himself. Lucius caught Commodus watching him much more lately, and he noticed that Commodus had given Servius a dagger to carry with him. Although Lucius could not be sure, he had a feeling that Commodus's actions had much to do with him. Commodus had begun teaching Servius to defend himself early as if he thought that Lucius would be a danger to the boy—his own half –brother. Whatever Commodus thought about Lucius, Lucius had a bad feeling that his days in the palace were numbered. He was beginning to have dreams that kept him awake some nights. Lucius was beginning to feel like Commodus. Commodus had always had nightmares, but he never spoke of them. For Lucius, the dreams he had were always about the praetorians coming to get him because of his uncle. In some dreams, he was sold into slavery or taken to the coliseum where lions and tigers pursued him. In the worst ones, though, Commodus killed him himself. Lucius was always restrained and incapable of fighting back. Lucius rubbed his wrists absentmindedly as he thought of the dreams. As the sound of footsteps broke his thoughts, Lucius looked up to see a few guards walking towards them. Lucius swallowed hard. \"Servius, Cesar has asked that we take you to him at this very moment,\" one of them spoke, and Lucius let out his breath. \"I know, I know,\" Servius waved his hand at the guard. He took one last look at Lucius as if perhaps he still wanted to talk to him, but then the young boy turned back to the guards. \"You know, he has gotten me a bear,\" Servius said quickly, speaking to one of the guards. He moved forward and the guards turned to lead him back the way he had come. Lucius shook his head tiredly at their backs. He turned and quickly continued down the corridor and turned the corner. He raised his eyes just in time to see Cassia, his mother's young chambermaid, stepping from his mother's room with an armload of cloths. She had only been at the palace for the last few months. Commodus supposedly went in search of a new chambermaid for Lucilla after the one that she had had many years passed away. The last one had been old and boring. Commodus supposedly returned with Cassia to take her place. Although among the younger servants of the palace, Cassia was a hard worker and she seemed to genuinely care for Lucilla. She was youthful at eighteen, but wise beyond her years. There was a soft, gentle quality to her, but she was also well spoken. Lucius had grown quite fond of her, although he tried not to show it around Commodus, Servius, or his mother. Lucius watched Cassia stop and begin sorting through the cloths in her arms. Her light brown hair hung freely and caressed her shoulders and back. Cassia did not always keep her hair tied back, and as much as Lucius enjoyed seeing her brown hair tousled and natural, he felt that she should tie it back. Wearing it down could cause unwanted attention. Lucius shook his head at his own possessive thoughts. She wasn't his. She was his mother's chambermaid. Lucius could see the usual flush on Cassia's cheeks from far down the corridor, and he smiled. Cassia was pale, not necessarily in a strange way, but it was an unusual skin tone. Lucius attributed it to the fact that she had never spent much time outside. Her work always required her to be inside, usually locked inside his mother's dark room, but perhaps it was in her ancestry as well. If anything, though, her skin tone made her more attractive—exquisite almost. Lucius grew terribly lonely at the palace. He usually read the writing that Servius's tutors left behind, but it usually disappeared before he could finish it. Lucilla had enough control over Commodus to ensure that Lucius never went without anything, and when he was of learning age, he had a few tutors as well, but now, he was alone and bored. His mother had not been leaving her chamber. It was her decision, but Lucius felt even more alone. Nearly being a prisoner in his own home, Lucius could find little to do that did not include thinking badly of his uncle who had turned his and his mother's life upside down. Cassia turned as if she felt a presence, and she gave him a slight smile when she noticed him, but she ducked beneath a thick curtain and escaped his gaze into another room. Lucius looked behind him to see if perhaps Servius or a few guards had followed, and that was the reason for Cassia's strange coldness, but there was no one there. Lucius stopped to stare at the doorway she disappeared in. It was rare that she would not speak to him. They had talked quite a lot the night before, but still, it was unlike her. Perhaps she had a lot of work to be done. Since last night, he'd been unable to shake their short time talking from his mind. She had reached out and grasped his hand as they sat in the dark. A shiver coursed through his body, and Lucius shook his head, trying to clear his thoughts from Cassia. It was the first time that she had touched him purposely, and for the first time in a long time, his dreams the night before had not been of the praetorians or his impending death. His dreams had been about her—her beautiful pale skin and long soft hair, lying amongst the soft blankets and cloths of his own bed. She was so alluring. It made him want to rethink everything. Lucius shook the thoughts out of his head and swallowed hard. He promised himself that he and Cassia would have plenty of time to talk after he spoke to his mother so he made himself leave her be and head for his mother's room. There were a few guards standing outside of her room, but they paid him no attention as he passed them. Lucius paused at the doorway as he peeked inside. He could see his mother's form on the far side of the room. \"Hello mother,\" Lucius said as he stepped inside. There was no one else inside- thankfully not Commodus and not even any of the maids, so he walked to the edge of the bed and sat down on the satiny bed dressings. His mother stood, facing the balcony. Her hair was wet- freshly washed Lucius assumed. It was tied into a tight braid. She turned her face, showing her profile for a moment before she looked back into the sunlight. Lucius waited patiently for her to approach him. She first closed the long curtains, blocking out most of the sunlight and then turned to face him. It was not until she turned that her protruding stomach became visible to Lucius. Lucius sighed tiredly. His mother looked so tired and just seeing her that way made him tired as well. Dark circles had become a normal characteristic on her tired face. And she seemed as though she may have actually lost weight. Her face and arms looked more slender. It was as if the child— Commodus's child was taking everything from her. This child seemed to be bringing Lucilla into a much darker place than she had already been, causing her to never leave her chamber. Lucius felt that Commodus had found a much younger and brighter chambermaid for his mother to try and lift her spirits. Cassia was lively, and his mother needed something to liven up her dreary room. Lucius could not help but feel that his mother was losing her spirit. Her will to live was diminishing. \"Good morning, Lucius,\" Lucilla smiled and moved to the bed where she took his hand gently in hers. The smile looked genuine, unlike the forced ones that she sometimes gave Commodus. \"How are you today?\" she questioned. \"Sit down, Mother,\" Lucius said quickly. He got up from the bed so that she could lie down and prop her back on her pillows. He helped her ease herself down on the bed, and he stood beside her. Lucius hated how sickly she had become. It hurt him almost physically. She was getting too old to bear children, and he had been surprised when he found that Commodus had sired a second child, nearly thirteen years after his first. \"Let me open the curtains back. You need the sunlight,\" he suggested, but she waved her hand at him, cutting him off. \"I do not want to see the sun or its light.\" Lucius frowned slightly. \"I've been thinking about you this morning,\" she said softly, breaking his thoughts. \"Do not worry about me, mother,\" Lucius answered her. \"I cannot help that,\" she whispered. \"I worry for you more now than I ever have. Commodus recognizes you are a possible threat. It was much different when you were young-\" \"I am careful mother,\" he interrupted her gently. Lucius silently wondered what had gotten his mother so worked up about himself so quickly. \"Lucius, you have turned into the respectful, handsome, loyal, and trustworthy man that I knew you would be. This is why I worry for you.\" \"I worry for you ,\" Lucius countered. \"You have the four virtues that my father always spoke of,\" Lucilla continued. \"Commodus never possessed them.\" Lucius lowered his voice so that the guards outside would not hear. \"It is my entire fault that we are even in this. I was an ignorant child. If I had not spoken of Maximus that day we would not be here like this.\" Lucius knew that the only reason his uncle allowed him to continue living in the palace at all was to use him against Lucilla, and Commodus also used Lucius's mother against him to make him do as he was told. Lucius constantly fanaticized of the day that Commodus had slain Maximus, and he wondered what may have happened if Maximus had instead killed Commodus. Living in the palace was a frightening day to day experience for Lucius. He feared what his uncle and emperor would do to get whatever he wanted. Lately, Lucius knew that Commodus wanted him gone. What else could Commodus want? There was nothing more that Lucilla could give him now. She had given him everything he wanted—companionship, whatever company he desired from her, and children. \"You care for Cassia don't you?\" his mother raised her soft eyes to meet his. \"Uh, I…\" Lucius swallowed hard and looked to the ground, surprised at his mother's sudden realization. \"We only talk…who told you…who saw us together?\" \"Cassia speaks of you to me when we are alone.\" Lucius chewed at his bottom lip. \"I did not know that-\" \"She is a lovely girl,\" Lucilla whispered. \"Beautiful…she-\" \"She's a chambermaid, mother. I have made a chambermaid a friend of mine when she should have stayed as a chambermaid,\" Lucius murmured. Lucilla nodded. \"I know, but I respect you for treating her well. She respects you far more than Commodus and Servius, and I would not blame you if you have much deeper feelings for her. I have nothing against the friendship or whatever you have…but I'm afraid that your friendship has been noticed…by Commodus. Of course he does not approve.\" \"Why do you say that?\" Lucius demanded. \"Listen Lucius, I only want you to be careful I…\" \"What did he say?\" \"He did not say anything to me,\" Lucilla murmured. \"Cassia?\" he questioned frantically. \"What did he say to her?\" \"Calm down Lucius,\" Lucilla said sternly. \"I struggled with the decision of whether or not to tell you. Do not make me regret myself.\" \"Why would he care if she and I talk frequently? Or even if there was more. It is none of his business. It is not as if I had plans to marry her—a chambermaid . But even if I had, it is not as if Commodus wants me to marry. He does not want me to have a life—children or a future!\" Lucius hissed. \"He has no plans for my future. His only plans are to end my life or send me away from here as soon as you are gone. He does not want me to have a chance at being emperor.\" \"I did not tell you to make you angry. I only want the two of you to be careful. Do not give Commodus a reason to punish you,\" Lucilla said quickly. \"Do not let your temper flare to him. He will waste no time in punishing you. Cassia only told me that Commodus saw the two of you together and…she feared that he was going to purposely make you angry…to make you defy him. He wants a reason to punish you.\" Lucius swallowed hard. He could see Commodus trying to do so—make him angry to make him act out and lose his self-control. \"He threatened her?\" Lucius asked breathlessly. \"I do not know,\" Lucilla murmured. \"And did you not ask her if he harmed her?\" Lucius demanded. His stomach fluttered nervously. Lucilla breathed in deeply. She moistened her lips before answering. \"I asked but she did not answer me.\" Lucius squinted back at his mother. He clenched his fists. \"She avoided me this morning,\" Lucius muttered. \"She's trying to protect you, Lucius.\" \"Something has to be done about Commodus,\" Lucius whispered softly. \"I am about ready to act on it mysel-\" \"Stop it!\" Lucilla ordered. Her soft expression hardened. \"You will do no such thing.\" \"Mother…He's plotting against me, he's threatening or hurting Cassia, I hear that the beginnings of a famine are in progress, and look what he has done to you! How much longer can we wait?\" \"Lucius stop it,\" Lucilla hissed quickly, cutting him off. She reached over and grasped his hand in hers. \"You'll get yourself killed. You are not being careful. I cannot deal with this right now. I could not lose you right now.\" Lucius squeezed his mother's hand. \"But mother something has to be done. Rome is falling to pieces beneath him…we are falling to pieces here locked away in this palace. I can sense the danger I am in. I feel him thinking of me and what to do with me every time he looks at me. You are wasting away,\" Lucius's voice cracked painfully. \"Lucius, he's waiting for you to do something that he can condemn you for,\" Lucilla whispered back to him. \"Whatever you do, do not let him set you up. I need you.\" Lucius sighed and his shoulders sank. \"I need you too.\" \"I need you to carry out something for me,\" Lucilla whispered. \"Something important.\" \"What?\" Lucius asked. His heart beat a little faster. His breath hitched. \"I will tell you soon, dear son. I am working something out.\" Lucius paused for a moment. She had gotten his attention for sure. He furrowed his eyebrows at her. \"I will tell you when I am ready. Until then, don't speak of it.\" \"Servius's behavior is becoming unbearable as well,\" Lucius lowered his voice a little when he finally continued. \"Something has to be done about that as well.\" Lucilla sighed tiredly. She released his hand and moved hers to her stomach. She gasped abruptly, and Lucius's heart leapt in his chest. \"Are you alright?\" Lucius demanded worriedly. He studied her expression. She closed her eyes, took a deep breath, and then opened them again. Her face was still tight with a grimace, but she brought her attention back to Lucius. \"Yes…I'm fine,\" she nodded and swallowed hard. \"Mother,\" Lucius eyed her carefully. Her entire body was still tense. She let out an almost pained sigh. \"I'm okay,\" she murmured. \"You were speaking of Servius?\" \"He is a little spoiled bully,\" Lucius continued uncertainly. He watched his mother's expression carefully. He assumed that soon there would be another addition to their broken family. \"Commodus does not allow me to have much time with Servius,\" Lucilla murmured. \"He makes sure that we do not have the bond that you and I have.\" \"I know that…I am not telling you this to upset you,\" Lucius whispered, \"I just think that something needs to be done. Commodus does not allow me much time with him either and believe me…the time I have is too mu-\" \"Lucius,\" Lucilla whispered quickly, interrupting him. Lucius stopped talking and froze. \"Wha-\" \"Shh,\" Lucilla whispered again, and Lucius heard it what had caught his mother's attention. Commodus was speaking to the guards outside. Lucius turned just in time to see his uncle entering the room. He met his uncle's eyes for a brief moment, and fear struck him. Had Commodus been listening? Lucius sank to his knees and bowed. \"What a surprise, Lucius,\" Commodus murmured sarcastically. \"I thought that Servius said that you were bringing him a bear?\" Lucius asked quickly. The words pretty much blurted out all on their own as he attempted to disguise his nervousness. \"I was on my way there just now,\" Commodus answered him without the slightest gaze his way. His eyes were on Lucilla. \"But I decided to come here before. Do you not have anything better to do than pester your mother, Lucius?\" Lucius held his tongue, but he did move a little out of his uncle's way so that his uncle could stand beside Lucilla. He watched Commodus move forward and place his hand on his mother's swollen stomach. Lucilla stared hard past Commodus and to Lucius, and Lucius wished that his uncle would just leave. He wanted his mother to tell him what she had said she needed to, and he wanted to know what Commodus had done to Cassia. Whatever he had done, she had felt it important enough to mention to his mother and then avoid him later in the corridor. Lucius bit down on his bottom lip. Dread settled in his stomach. Commodus leaned over and kissed Lucilla's forehead, allowing his lips to linger there for a few seconds. Lucius hated what his mother had become. She held her tongue and did what Commodus told her to do—and Lucius knew that it was because she worried for his safety. He had heard stories about his mother's younger years; and he remembered the way she was when he was young. She was fiery. She was brave. \"I do not think that it will be much longer,\" Lucilla murmured softly, and Commodus reached for her hand that she had laid across her stomach. \"I know that these past few months have not been easy for you, my love,\" Commodus murmured softly. Lucilla allowed Commodus to gently pat and pet her hand gingerly. \"But children are such magnificent rewards…\" Commodus continued. Lucius thought of Servius and nearly laughed aloud. Commodus acted as if his relationship with his sister was perfect now. Commodus seemed blind to the fact that Lucilla was wasting away and that any emotion that she showed him now was pure acting. \"Where is your chambermaid?\" Commodus swept his eyes around the room and he met Lucius's eyes for a brief moment. \"Have you seen her, Lucius?\" Lucius shook his head. He furrowed his eyebrows at his uncle, but Commodus turned back away from him. \"She should not be leaving you here unattended if the time is nearing,\" Commodus responded. \"I sent her away so that I would have a few moments alone. To rest.\" Lucilla murmured. \"Did she not rest last night?\" Commodus questioned. Lucius chewed at the inside of his cheek. He couldn't stay any longer. \"Take care mother,\" Lucius moved forward, passed his uncle, and kissed her cheek. His uncle watched him silently. As he turned and left the room, he could feel Commodus's eyes on his back. Reviews would be GREATLY appreciated. Thanks for reading.[Chapter 2] Lucius watched Cassia walk ahead of him in the corridor. Now seemed to be his chance. He wanted to approach her. He needed to ask her what had happened or what Commodus had done to her, but he dreaded it. Perhaps he was overreacting, but the sinking feeling in his stomach and her earlier behavior told him otherwise. He could already feel his blood racing through his veins. How dare his uncle threaten Cassia to get to him. Lucius and Cassia had kept their talking to a minimum to avoid their growing closeness to become noticeable, but after a while, Lucius had found himself thinking of her more and more. She made him feel as if someone actually wanted to talk to him. They had begun regularly talking at night over the past month after sneaking from their rooms. So far, their friendship had been limited to talking. They were not intimately involved—not yet at least. She told him of the hardships she had faced. Her family that lived here in Rome had been very poor, and she had found herself being sold. Her father had gotten himself into trouble. Lucius did not question her too personally. He knew that it was a hard subject for Cassia to speak of, but Cassia told him that she felt lucky that she now called the palace home. Lucius felt the need to warn her of the hidden dangers. He spoke of the differences in his life before and after his mother and Maximus had been caught in the attempt to cross Commodus. He told her everything, and did not even worry that she wouldn't keep his secrets. He knew that she would keep them, so he told her of Commodus and every horrible thing he had done. \"Cassia!\" Lucius called lowly. Cassia turned on her heels. Her hair was no longer down, and she no longer had the bundles of cloth with her. \"We can't speak right now, Lucius,\" she whispered back. \"I just saw the emperor head that way- \"He went to my mother's room,\" Lucius half jogged half walked to catch up to her frozen form. \"The guards are still by my mother's chamber.\" Cassia crossed her arms across her chest and swallowed hard. She looked nervously down the corridor and then met his eyes with her dark ones. \"You look upset, Lucius. You know I am here if you need to talk. I cherish our talks, but…\" Cassia paused as she studied his face. She drew her bottom lip into her mouth and bit down on it. \"But we cannot speak here in the open, and I cannot meet you in secret tonight. We will have to find another time.\" Lucius studied her worried face. \"There's nothing to speak of regarding me. You already know all of the troubles I face…and the one, lone reason behind them,\" Lucius said quickly. He could feel his emotions running high. \"But we need to speak of you .\" \"Me?\" Cassia furrowed her eyebrows at him. \"Lucius, will you please not look so distraught? And do not be so loud.\" \"How?!\" he bellowed. \"This is no small matter-\" \"Shhh,\" She warned, pressing her hand over her own mouth warningly. \"How can I not look that way when I know that it is only a matter of time before my uncle sends someone to kill me?\" Cassia shrank back. \"Your mother told you of my worries?\" \"You told her in hopes that she would tell me. You had to of.\" \"I do not know if I hoped that or not,\" Cassia whispered. She lowered her face to the floor. Beneath her eyes, her pale skin was darkened with tired circles. Lucius reached out and tilted her face to look at his. \"I already know how he feels about me, Cassia But you should have told me that he threatened you .\" \"Please just lower your voice, Lucius,\" she warned as she nervously looked behind him again. \"Commodus no longer needs me to use against my mother. He no longer needs children from her. She cannot provide him with anymore, and he sees me as a threat…and he…he is going to get rid of me…but you-\" \"He loves your mother…deeply. I have seen it myself. He did not just want children from her. He loves her. He will not hurt you because in doing so he knows that it would wound Lucilla. He fears losing her the most,\" Cassia interrupted him, keeping the same hushed tone. \"But I will not lie. He does have horrible feelings about you. If something happens to her though-\" \"He is becoming more independent. He does not need her as much. She is growing weak. When did he threaten you?\" Lucius demanded suddenly. \"He hates you,\" she whispered. Her eyes widened at her own words, and Lucius watched them become teary. She exhaled slowly, shakily. \"But what did he do?\" Lucius begged. \"My mother told me that you said he found out about us? He should not care if we talk.\" \"Last night…after we spoke together I saw him in the corridor. He informed me that he knew we talked, but he thinks that there is more going on with us.\" \"What did he say?\" Lucius demanded. \"Just be careful, please. Do not let him get to you,\" Cassia spat out quickly. She turned as a tear slipped from her eye. Lucius reached out possessively and grabbed her wrist, twirling her back to face him. It was much easier than he would have guessed, and he felt guilty for doing so. Cassia's eyes widened. \"Stop it Lucius!\" She hissed at him as she attempted to pull her arm back away. Lucius paused but he did not allow her to retrieve her arm. Instead, he lowered his eyes to it, shocked by her defensive reaction. He turned her arm over in his hand. Small bruises littered the soft, pale skin of the underside of her wrist—finger-shaped. Lucius loosened his grip a little. He had not grabbed her hard enough to leave marks, nor was his hand large enough to make the marks. All of the breath left Lucius's lungs. \"Cassia,\" he whispered breathlessly. He slowly raised his wide eyes to hers. \"We cannot speak here, Lucius,\" she jerked her wrist loose from his grasp and brought it protectively to her stomach as if she could just hide the marks. \"What else did he do? Tell me,\" Lucius demanded gruffly. Cassia turned away from him, but he reached out and grabbed her again- This time her elbow. \"Come with me,\" he choked out. \"Okay,\" she gasped out. He wasted no time leading her into a small room that the servants used for storage. She did not protest. Lucius pushed her in ahead of him and he followed her. His blood pulsed through his veins as hot as fire. Once inside, he dropped the curtain and the darkness filled the spaces between them, hiding Cassia's fresh tears, and his blood red face. Lucius kept his hold on her arm, worried that she would leave if he did not. His throat ached, and his stomach fluttered, but he did not speak. He allowed the silence to reside around them until she spoke up because he did not know what to say. \"He saw us together,\" Cassia whispered softly, so softly that Lucius leaned closer to her to hear. \"I'm not sure that he heard us talking, but he could not sleep. I know that he saw us together. He must have seen me hold your hand…. He was having nightmares… as usual and he could not talk to Lucilla because she was asleep,\" she continued. \"And?\" Lucius's voice cracked. He knew what was coming. He already knew. It had been the fear in his mind the moment that his mother had mentioned Cassia and Commodus's encounter. \"He was alone. The guards were not with him,\" she paused again. Lucius loosened his hold on her arm. He could feel his anger being replaced with helplessness. He felt deflated, and his eyes burned as if his own tears would soon fall. \" It was the first time I have seen him without them,\" Lucilla whispered. \"He must have sent them away…for the night or something.\" Lucius's own breathing quickened. He shook his head in the darkness. \"But he…he…did not hurt you?\" Lucius whispered breathlessly. \"He…. brought me…to…to his room, Lucius…. He forced-\" Cassia must have heard his sharp intake of breath because she quickly apologized. \"I'm so sorry Lucius. I tried…but…I feared….I could not protest…I-\" \"I will kill him,\" Lucius growled suddenly. He jerked the curtain open, but Lucilla grasped his arm desperately, pulling him back in. \"No stop it!\" Cassia ordered. She sniffled, and pulled on him harder as he tried to leave. \"Please come back. Just listen to me.\" Lucius stopped. He sank back into the darkness and let the curtain fall. \"He cannot control himself in anything…You know that. You warned me of his unpredictability. I was in the wrong place at the wrong time,\" Cassia murmured. \"Don't you ever say that!\" Lucius hissed quickly. \"Stop blaming yourself! He was in the wrong. You're a chambermaid not a concubine. I am so stupid. It is my fault.\" \"It's not your fault Lucius. It's over as long as you don't retaliate.\" Lucius squinted his eyes shut. He imagined Commodus spying on the two of them, watching Lucius leave Cassia alone in the corridor and then Commodus—with a sick need to anger Lucius had forced Cassia into his bedchamber. Lucius clenched his fists. Of course Cassia stood no chance against the emperor. There was nothing that she could have done once his mind was made up—once the idea was in his head. \"It's my fault,\" she whispered again. \"I should've-\" \"Should've what?\" Lucius asked. \"He could've had you killed if you would've tried anything drastic.\" Silence fell around the pair once again. \"It is not your fault.\" Lucius shook his head slowly. \"No… This is my entire fault. He did this to spite me. You are right, he wants to push me into doing something I will regret. He's using you to anger me.\" \"No it is over,\" Cassia said sternly. \"He wanted you to tell me,\" Lucius murmured. \"He…He told me to tell you, but you don't have to do anything about it,\" Cassia pleaded. \"Don't be noble.\" \"You think that he will not come looking for you again…when the entire palace is dark and quiet…when he cannot sleep?\" Lucius questioned angrily. \"Even if I did not retaliate…he has had a taste of you already. Do you think that he would not come back to you? If I was gone, he would still…\" \"Lucius,\" Cassia whispered quickly. \"Don't say that. You don't know that he will.\" \"You don't know that he won't. \"Look at me,\" Cassia began. \"Calm down please. I was not going to mention this because I do not want you to get hurt.\" Her voice shook and she stifled a sob. \"But while you try to protect me, he is hurting you ,\" Lucius whispered. By now, his eyes had begun to adjust to the darkness- just as they had the night before as they spoke together, when her hair was soft and silky against her shoulders and their fingers were interlocked. \"He forced himself on you because he thinks that I…he thinks that I love you,\" Lucius whispered softly, pondering his own words. Finally, he looked up at Cassia's darkened face. Lucius brought his hands down to meet Cassia's. He closed her delicate fingers in his. She looked down at their hands and then she looked to his lips. Lucius, still breathing deeply, watched her. Cassia slowly weaseled her hand from his and reached up to touch his chin. He stood motionless as she tilted his face down and pressed her lips to his. Lucius closed his eyes and kissed her back. He could taste the saltiness from her tears. He breathed her in. He reached down and grasped her waist, squeezing gently, feeling her petite form through cloth. But then he thought of Commodus kissing her the night before, marking her skin with bruises. Where else had Commodus bruised her? Lucius pulled away from her abruptly. He released her waist. \"I…I…I apologize. That was entirely inappropriate!\" she exclaimed as she backed away. \"I'm sorry. You must think that I…I'm nothing better than a concubine-\" \"Wait, Cassia,\" he reached out and grabbed her arm, turning her back to face him. \"I would never think that,\" he murmured. \"It wasn't your fault.\" Cassia swallowed hard. \"I love you, Lucius. I have loved you ever since our first talk,\" her words sent chills up his spine. \"I…I…love you too,\" Lucius whispered. He pulled her closer to him and wrapped her in a tight embrace. She rested her face on his neck and let out a soft sob. She felt so small and fragile in his arms. \"I must go check on your mother. I believe that her pains have begun already,\" she whispered against his skin. Lucius opened his eyes. \"Wait until Commodus leaves her room.\" Cassia exhaled tiredly. \"I have been avoiding him all morning. When I hear the guards coming, I hide. Oh the guards…they saw me leave his room this morning. I was so embarrassed. They knew…they had too.\" \"I am going to figure something out,\" Lucius murmured. \"What? No…no…no. Please don't do anything.\" \"For now, don't wander alone. Stay in my mother's room and...\" Lucius trailed off. He didn't know how to protect her. He didn't know what to do. All he wanted to do was strangle his uncle with his bare hands. \"Please do not worry your mother…she needs you to be strong Lucius,\" Cassia continued. \"Go to your room. Do not approach your uncle about me. Do not. It is what he wants you to do.\" \"And what if he comes for you again?\" \"It doesn't matter,\" Cassia finally murmured. \"I will be okay.\" Pretty please Review![Chapter 3] \"What is this?\" Lucius demanded angrily. One of the four guards who caught up with him in the hallway spoke up. \"The emperor took Servius out for the day. We were ordered to prote-\" \"Protect me?\" Lucius snapped. \"Oh that's what he wanted.\" Lucius stomped away to his room—the only place that he knew he would have any sort of privacy from the guards that Commodus had placed upon him. He managed to make it to his room before he exploded. He angrily threw his arm across a shelf by his doorway, sending gold plates, candleholders, and other objects to the floor in a horrific clatter. \"Master Lucius?\" A guard called from outside. Lucius collapsed onto his knees, probably bruising them on the hard stone floor. \"I'm fine,\" he croaked out. But he wasn't. He couldn't be fine. Hearing what Cassia had to say had broken him up inside. Commodus had gotten to him, just as he'd wanted too. He'd hurt Cassia knowing that it would hurt him. He started brainstorming for ideas to kill his uncle. It wouldn't be easy. He was watched so carefully. He tried to think of ways that he could poison him, but then he began thinking of simply stabbing him. Whatever way, he wanted for his uncle to know that it was him. But then again, he was probably expecting something. Lucius finally told the guards outside to let him know when his uncle would be back, and he climbed into his bed. Laying there, he lost track of time. He fell into a few periods of fitful sleep, dreaming of Cassia and then having nightmares of Commodus. He was worried about his mother, but he knew Cassia was with her. Cassia wouldn't be in danger from Commodus for a while. Lucius assumed that Commodus would be gone until Lucilla gave birth. \"Lucius,\" Lucius jumped from his bed at the sound of Cassia's voice. Half asleep and confused, he looked to the doorway. Her beautiful face peeked in through the curtain. \"Cassia?\" he choked out. He jumped from his bed and met her. She reached out and clasped both of his hands in hers. \"Lucius,\" she whispered. \"Come inside,\" he pulled her in. \"What has happened?\" He ignored the fact that the guards were still standing beside the entryway to his room. \"You have a sister,\" she said softly. \"But where is-\" \"He is still out with Servius. Word has been sent to him that his daughter has been born,\" Cassia answered him. \"I've been with your mother since I last talked to you yesterday. She is weak, but your sister is healthy.\" Lucius swallowed the lump in his throat. \"A sister? Wait what time is it? How long have I been asleep? It's been a day since we talked?\" Cassia nodded. \"Lucius, you're sick with worry. What did you drink?\" Lucius looked to where Cassia pointed. A cup sat on the table beside his bed. \"I…I don't remember. I must have asked a servant to bring me something…I…\" He stopped to rub his eyes. He vaguely remembered one of the servants bringing him something to help him calm down. It felt like a dream now. And now he was remembering all of the plans he had come up with for his uncle. \"I have to go wash up. I will not be in her chamber when Commodus finally returns, but I will speak with you after. Meet me?\" Cassia asked softly. \"And promise me that you will not do anything rash.\" Lucius nodded. It still hurt him. Just looking at her hurt him. It made him want revenge, but he wouldn't tell her that. She released his hands and walked back out of his room. A moment later Lucius exited and left in the opposite direction, headed toward his mother's chamber. The guards followed him the entire way. Lucius stepped in slowly and quietly. He could still feel the effects of the sleep aid that he had drank while upset. He felt almost off balance, and he was beginning to wonder if he had taken more than a sleep aid. He paused in the doorway. His mother was lying back against her pillows, holding the newborn cradled in her arms. Her hair was not braided as neatly as it had been. He breathed in deeply. The room smelled of the smelling oils that the midwives spritzed around the room. Lucilla glanced up quickly, as if she'd heard him exhale—maybe she had. \"Oh dear, I thought that you were Commodus,\" she said quickly. Lucius shook his head. \"They are still out. Word has not yet reached them.\" He stayed rooted in the doorway, reaching out to hold the stone entryway beside him. \"Come see, Lucius,\" Lucilla said softly. Lucius swallowed away the pain in his throat and slowly stepped in. He carefully sat on the edge of his mother's bed, careful not to cause much movement. \"Would you like to see her?\" his mother asked softly. Lucius stood back up and eased closer. Lucius looked down at the baby—his new half-sister. He nearly expected to feel hatred for the baby. She was part of Commodus, just like Servius was. The baby was staring up at her mother—their mother, not squirming, not fussing, just content. At the moment that the baby's eyes met his, a strange sensation traveled through him. It wasn't hatred. How could he hate something so small and innocent? \"It is a strange feeling to want to end the life that you hold in your arms…not because you don't love it, but because you do,\" Lucilla murmured softly. As his mother's words sank in, Lucius watched the baby clasp onto his mother's finger with both of its tiny hands. \"I thought that I would hate it,\" Lucius whispered. Lucilla raised her eyes to his. She nodded. \"I understand if you hate her.\" \"I don't. I can't,\" Lucius answered. He didn't see a trace of Commodus in her small, flawless face. \"She will look just like you,\" He whispered softly. \"Her hair is light. She is beautiful.\" He turned back to look nervously at the doorway, suddenly aware that Commodus could enter at any moment. \"What will Commodus think of a daughter?\" Lucius asked carefully. The sound of his uncle's name coming from his lips made bile surge in the back of his throat. Lucilla shook her head. \"I do not know.\" \"Mother…I…\" \"Promise me something Lucius,\" Lucilla interrupted him. \"What?\" Lucius asked Lucilla took a deep breath and looked down at the babe in her arms. \"That you will take care of your sister…When she is old enough, you will take her away from here. When she no longer needs me…or if something should happen to me. You will protect her.\" Lucius held his breath. \"Nothing will happen to you mother,\" but dread settled in his stomach. \"Lucius. Take her away whenever it does. You will know when the right time is. Take her away and do not allow her to grow up here.\" Lucius stared back at his tired mother. \"Where would I?\" \"Do not worry about Commodus….or Servius. As much as it pains me, Servius is too far gone. Just leave and protect your sister.\" \"He will hunt me down. He will find me. I would have to kill him first,\" Lucius whispered quickly. \"Lucius stop.\" Lucius fell silent. Leaving the palace sounded like a dream—a mere fantasy. \"I promise. But Mother you need to rest,\" Lucius finally murmured. He wanted to tell her about Cassia, but he stopped himself. He didn't want to burden her. Now that she had made him promise to take care of his young sister, Lucius found himself losing the courage he had built up—the courage that he had planned on using against his uncle. He could not take care of them if he was murdered by the guard for assassination of Commodus. \"Cesar and Master Servius have returned,\" A guard called from outside. \"You should probably go,\" Lucilla whispered. \"Cassia told me,\" Lucius croaked out without warning. He hadn't exactly meant for it to come out, but it had. \"He…he forced her to stay in his chamber. She…told me.\" Lucilla closed her eyes and shook her head slowly. \"I know.\" \"She told you?\" Lucius demanded. \"I confronted her about it,\" his mother murmured. \"I had my suspicions. It sickens me…\" This is the last I will endure from him,\" Lucius said softly. \"He did it on purpose. He did it to spite me.\" \"Lucius, save Cassia and your sister,\" Lucilla lowered her head back to her pillow. She laid the newborn on her chest. Panic enveloped Lucius. \"How?\" he asked. \"Go. He's coming,\" she responded weakly. Lucius left his mother's chamber and walked the halls, looking for Cassia, but trying not to make it obvious. The guards did not follow him. Evidently, the new baby and his uncle were of more importance. Lucius didn't want to leave his mother. She was weak and did not look well, but he knew meeting Commodus there would only cause her pain. He avoided the halls that he knew that Servius and Commodus would be taking to get to his mother's chamber. When he finally caught sight of Cassia, he felt a little better. She was walking with an older woman. What did his mother want exactly? Did she or did she not want him to kill his uncle. With a sudden surge of courage, Lucius slipped into the kitchen and passed a few slaves working there. When one turned, he reached out and grabbed a knife from the wooden counter. Lucius slipped the small knife into the cloth of his robe. He felt the point of it with the tip of his finger as he walked back out.[Chapter 4] Lucius paced the halls as he waited for his uncle to leave his mother's room. He knew when he passed by her chamber that the emperor was no longer inside because most of the guards had gone. Lucius felt numb. He really didn't have a plan, and he tried not to think of what he must do. He knew that he had to do what neither his mother nor Maximus had been able to do. Lucius stopped to peer inside his uncle's large throne room, but he saw that his uncle was holding the baby. The lump grew in his throat and he started to pull away and leave, but one of the guards motioned for him to enter. \"The emperor said that if you stopped by you could enter, Master Lucius.\" Lucius gritted his teeth at being given away, but forced himself to enter. Commodus sat on his throne, completely preoccupied. He was cradling the newborn in his arms and did not look up as Lucius entered. A chair away, Servius was sitting sideways with his legs thrown over one of the arms rests of his own chair. He was preoccupied with a ring on his finger. He slipped it off and then back on again. Lucius stopped and crossed his arms behind his back innocently. He gritted his teeth and glanced down at the area of cloth that he knew concealed his knife. \"Lucius,\" Commodus motioned for him to come closer. \"Did you see your new sister?\" \"Yes.\" Lucius nodded and he walked a few steps closer. He knew that he could do nothing while Commodus held the baby. He clenched his jaws tightly. Lucius tried to clear his head. Could he have done anything while Servius and the guards were in the room anyway? Surely he wouldn't have been able to do it without consequence. But if they killed him would it even really matter? Cassia, his mother, and his new sister would be safe from him. \"She's beautiful,\" Commodus whispered, breaking Lucius's thoughts. \"I brought her in here so that Lucilla could rest. She was…not looking well.\" Lucius stared at the baby, keeping a safe distance between he and his uncle. \"Come see her, Lucius.\" Lucius took another slow step toward his uncle and new sister. \"I know that we have not been as close as we once were, Lucius,\" Commodus glanced up from the baby briefly. She was waking. She opened her eyes and stretched her arms out from the cloth she was wrapped in. Commodus smiled down at her. His eyes lightened. It was sickening to watch Commodus hold the innocent newborn. Lucius could not help but be repulsed at the thought that Commodus would have the chance to ruin his half-sister just as he had his half-brother. \"But I do love you…As I do my own son and daughter,\" Commodus continued. Lucius noticed that Servius glanced up from his own hands, listening to his father's words. \"I have a fine family…and you are a part of it.\" Lucius gritted his teeth together to keep himself from saying everything that he wanted to say. Commodus's words meant nothing to him. They were empty, and He wanted to accuse his uncle of everything, but he could not make himself say it aloud. \"Do you remember when we spent time together? You used to beg me to tell you stories. You listened so closely to every word I would say,\" Commodus's lips curled into a slight smile. Lucius fought hard to not go back in time and recall the memories. He didn't want to relive the times that Commodus filled his ears with his poisonous ways. \"I've chosen a name for her,\" Commodus said excitedly. Lucius met his uncle's eyes. \"Her name is Valeria. It means to be strong. Do you know what your name means, Servius?\" Commodus brought his attention to his son. \"To preserve?\" Servius said questioningly. \"Correct,\" Commodus murmured. Lucius reached down and clenched the dagger in his pocket. \"Servius asks why you cannot play with him…why you cannot duel together. You are old enough to understand that yourself, am I right Lucius?\" Commodus questioned. Lucius nodded. His lips were still pressed tightly together. He was struggling to maintain a calmness in his body. \"It is not in his future to hold a position of power, Servius,\" Commodus turned his head to speak to his son. \"It is in your future, my son.\" Servius smiled. \"Lucius, sometimes I worry for you, though,\" Commodus rubbed his fingers gently across the baby's forehead. Lucius furrowed his eyebrows. \"Why?\" he choked out. \"I feel that you are confused and you harbor unnatural feelings against me and…\" \"Unnatural?\" Lucius questioned. \"This is not how I wanted our relationship to be,\" Commodus murmured. \"We are distant.\" \"Distance is not always a bad thing,\" Lucius spat. Commodus smiled at his words and shrugged his shoulders. \"And I understand, Lucius, that as you are growing older, you want a wife…but I feel that I must stress that I do not believe that a chambermaid would not make a good one for someone of royal blood.\" Lucius felt his cheeks burn at his uncle's words. \"If only you would have asked, I could have been looking for the perfect wife for you,\" Commodus continued. \"Do not even-\" Lucius stopped himself, but a faint smile formed on Commodus's lips—a knowing smile. \"Did you know that she wanders the corridors at night? She leaves her post at Lucilla's bedside. As sick as Lucilla was, I am surprised that you did not warn her of leaving your dear mother for long when you met with her at night.\" \"Why are you doing this?\" Lucius spat the words out, trying to control his anger. \"Doing what, Lucius?\" Commodus questioned innocently. He looked back to the baby in his arms. Lucius glanced to the guards and then back to Commodus. The entire room was silent. The silence was deafening, though. Even Servius's eyes roamed from Lucius to Commodus as he curiously watched. \"I know what you did,\" Lucius murmured. \"And why you did it. My mother knows as well.\" \"I…Uh…Lucius, I do not know what you are speaking of.\" \"You feel threatened by me,\" Lucius announced. Commdous smiled again. \"Did you know that…Cassia is her name right? She…Well I think that she loves you.\" Lucius's tightened his jaws. He squinted hard at his uncle. \"You're a monster,\" Lucius murmured. \"Oh,\" Commodus reached for his heart dramatically with one hand. \"Lucius, I cannot imagine what that poor, bored, maid told you, but she and I had a nice conversation…about you of course.\" Commodus rose to his feet and took a few steps closer. He rocked the baby gently in his arms. Lucius remained frozen as Commodus leaned in close. He moved as if he wanted to tell a secret—something only to be heard by the two of them. Lucius's hand tightened on his dagger, but he looked down at the baby between them and forced himself to remove his hand from the weapon. Commodus bit into his bottom lip as he leaned in close. \"Lucius, There is something so…. intoxicating about her,\" Commodus murmured softly—so softly that only Lucius could hear. Lucius glared back at his uncle. Their faces were barely inches apart. Oh how easy it could have been to push the dagger into the soft skin of Commodus's stomach and pull it downward, spilling the contents of his body on the marble floor. \"So I understand…your fascination… with her…but I do not understand why you had not yet claimed her as yours,\" Commodus continued. Lucius tried not to react to his uncle's words. He had thought of claiming her as his a long time ago. He'd thought of the two of them together—not just for one night though. He'd fantasized of a future with her, but always forced himself back to reality—to protect her. \"She bruises so easily…she's like a delicate fruit…so sweet,\" Commodus whispered. \"Shut up!\" Lucius roared. He pulled away from his uncle, stumbling backwards so that he would not allow his anger to get the better of him. \"Put…Put the baby down,\" Lucius stammered. \"What will you do Lucius? You did not tell me you cared for her. I apologize. It was an honest mistake. Perhaps though, you should set your standards a little higher because it seems that your little chambermaid will spread her legs for anyone at all.\" \"No!\" Lucius roared. \"Guards stand down,\" Commodus interrupted him, making Lucius realized that the guards had stepped forward to detain him. He looked to them and then back to Commodus. \"It's alright. Lucius is not acting like himself this evening,\" Commodus continued. \"You forced yourself on her!\" Lucius spoke out. The baby erupted into a cry, and Commodus rocked her a little again. \"Is that what she said?\" Commodus smiled. He shook his head. \"Do you call yourself seeking revenger her honor or?\" \"I want revenge for everything that you have done!\" Lucius growled. \"You have ruined-\" \"Cesar! Master Lucius! Come quick! It is Lucilla! I fear she is dying!\" Lucius turned to face a horror stricken servant girl. She waved for them to follow her, but disappeared before waiting for a response from them. \"What?\" Commodus demanded. An older servant woman moved forward to take the baby from Commodus. He handed her over and hurried toward Lucilla's chamber. He passed by Lucius as if he was no longer there—no longer of importance or threat to him. Servius sat up in his chair, but did not move, and Lucius stood frozen for a moment—completely frozen and shocked. He watched the guards following Commodus disappear. After a moment, he ran too, catching up to his uncle, the guards, and the young servant. She led them into Lucilla's chamber and spoke as they entered. \"She has fainted,\" the young servant placed and then removed her hand from Lucilla's damp face. Lucilla was covered up to her chest by her blanket and her hands were lying by her sides. Her eyes were closed and her face was calm- as if she was dreaming heavily. \"Mother,\" Lucius took his mother's hand. It was clammy and pale. He rubbed it frantically. She did not react to his touch. Commodus moved passed him, nearly pushing him out of the way to reach for Lucilla's face. He gently grasped her chin and straightened her head toward his. \"Lucilla,\" Commodus called. His voice coursed with raw emotion. \"Lucilla can you hear me? Wake up?\" \"She is so pale,\" the maid murmured. \"I was cleaning the place up. She had not energy all of a sudden and called for me. She told me that she feared she was dying.\" With wide eyes, Commodus turned to face the maid. \"Her breathing is weak…\" the maid continued explaining breathlessly. \"And…\" \"But what is wrong with her!?\" Commodus demanded, grabbing the young maid by both of her arms and shaking her until she stopped babbling. The maid choked on her breath. \"I…She…The bleeding…bleeding. I fear it is too late. I did not know she was bleeding. I fear that the baby took too long.\" \"No, No, No,\" Commodus wailed, and Lucius watched his uncle let go of the maid and collapse to his knees beside the bed. He grasped Lucilla's hand and pressed it to his face. He gasped and choked out words that Lucius could not even understand. He kissed her hand desperately as if he could revive her by doing so. \"Go fetch the physician, Lucius,\" Commodus ordered. Tears were freely falling from his eyes, and Lucius stood shocked at his uncle's reaction. He himself was shocked as well, but his mother had pretty much told him. She'd known and she forewarned him. A lump of sadness grew in Lucius's own throat, but Lucius stood back. He swallowed it down. He was shocked at his uncle's crazed outburst, and he knew that the physician would be of no help. It was too late. Lucilla had known. She had warned him. She was gone or would soon be. \"No Not Lucilla!\" Commodus cried out. \"Please no! Spare her!\" Lucius felt his eyes burn. Commodus felt as if he had the perfect family, but he'd ruined it all himself. It was all his fault. \"Go get him Lucius. I command you,\" Commodus roared. \"So he can save your mother! You want that don't you!\" Lucius turned and ran from the room, but not to go get the physician. It was time. He had to find Cassia and his new sister.[Chapter 5] This is the last chapter. I apologize for taking so long to finish it. Reviews would be much appreciated. Thanks for reading. \"Cassia!\" Lucius's strained whisper made Cassia stop in the hallway. When she turned, Lucius knew his suspicions were correct. She held his newborn sister tightly to her chest, swaddled tightly in a small, red blanket. \"Cassia, Give her to me.\" Lucius ordered. He held out his arms quickly. \"She told me to come with you,\" Cassia said, quickly moving the babe away from Lucius's outstretched arms. \"Is she…has she passed?\" Lucius cocked his head questioningly. \"What? She told you? You knew?\" His voice cracked with emotion, and his eyes burned with tears that he refused to let fall. \"I am to find someone to nurse. Your mother asked me to help you,\" Cassia explained. Her bright eyes met his. Her eyes were full of energy—whether they were full of panic or excitement, Lucius wasn't sure, but they were no longer sad and distrusting. \"What?\" Lucius demanded. \"I said I am coming too. Your mother told me the plan. I understand,\" Cassia whispered. \"Now come on. Most of the guards have gone to Lucilla's bedchamber. Commodus has caused quite the spectacle and gained all of their attention.\" \"We may get caught,\" Lucius said quickly, warningly. \"I don't have a plan. My mother did not-\" \"We won't. Now come on,\" Cassie stopped to grab a basket. \"It is worth the risk.\" \"Wait. I…I need to stop Commodus first,\" Lucius stammered. \"What? No. Revenge is not going to save your sister,\" Cassia snapped. She reached for his arm but still his feet remained rooted to the floor. \"But-\" \"Or me…It will not save me either,\" she murmured softly. \"I know how good revenge feels….But it's not the answer. Come on. He is distracted and he will never find us.\" Lucius gritted his teeth together tightly. He turned to look back at the empty hallway behind him, but Cassia grabbed his hand. \"Please come with me. With us. Your sister and I need you.\" Lucius exhaled sharply and nodded to her. \"Come on then.\" \"Lucius, What are you both doing? Why did you put our sister in there?\" Lucius and Cassia stopped. His heart leapt in his chest as he slowly turned to face Servius in the corridor. \"Mother is dead. I have to find a nurse for our sister or she will die,\" he choked out. He released Cassia's hand and took a few more steps toward Servius. \"Dead?\" Servius questioned. \"But You can't take her from the palace.\" \"I have to. I was instructed to,\" Lucius murmured. \"Without guards?\" Servius asked skeptically. \"There is not time,\" Cassia broke in. Servius stepped closer. He propped his hand on a dagger that Lucius knew he kept concealed at his waist. \"You're lying,\" Servius murmured. \"My father told me to watch you closely.\" \"Servius,\" Lucius snapped. \"This is a serious matter. Our mother is dead. Your father is busy and-\" \"It tis serious. I think that you need guard escorts. Or send the nurse to the palace. Taking our sister out would be dangerous. Father told me that you and our mother were involved in something very bad before I was born. He told me that he forgave the both of you, but that you were both never to be trusted the same,\" Servius murmured seriously. \"What did he-\" \"That he took mercy on our mother by allowing her to marry him instead of banishing her as he should have. And he took mercy on you…a bastard child to allow you to stay in the palace,\" Servius spat. \"My father died,\" Lucius snapped. \"I was no bastard. He and mother were married and it was a true marriage…not what your father arranged for he and our mother!\" Lucius gritted his teeth. \"You did not care about our mother. Commodus made sure that the bond you had with her was never strong because he knew she-\" \"Put our sister down,\" Servius demanded. \"Servius,\" Lucius began. He was beginning to feel frantic. \"Servius…Your father is not the man he should be. He has done terrible things.\" \"He has done nothing that was not needed.\" \"He forced our mother to marry him. He threatened to end my life when I was young if she did not marry him. I know that you have heard the stories of Maximus,\" Lucius choked out. \"You may not have seen what your father did to him, but you now see what your father has done to Rome.\" \"And this…this is the girl you were so furious at my father about? She's just a chambermaid,\" Servius scoffed. Lucius tightened his fists at his sides. \"Servius,\" he gritted through his teeth. \"You will have to go through me to leave with our sister. I know that my father would not approve of this. You are escaping—stealing our sister away,\" Servius responded calmly. Lucius saw the flash of the dagger as his half-brother pulled it out from beneath his robe, and Lucius lunged forward, placing himself in front of both Cassia and his new sister. In a nearly blind rage, he reached for the dagger. It all happened so quickly. Lucius felt a sharp slash on his hand as he grasped the blade, but he was shocked that Servius released it so easily. Servius shoved Lucius backwards and in blind fury, as he fell, Lucius stabbed at Servius with the short blade. He felt it connect to the younger boy's leg. Numbly, Lucius sat frozen on the ground. Everything around him stilled and he stared trancelike into the eyes of his half-brother. \"Lucius!\" Cassia shrieked, but she clamped her own hand over her mouth to silence herself. Lucius stared into Servius's wide eyes as he pulled the dagger back from the boy's knee. He was shocked at his own reaction, and he was shocked that Servius had pulled the dagger on him in the first place. Servius collapsed with a cry, holding his knee, and Lucius climbed to his feet. Lucius gasped a breath into his own lungs. The boy cried out. \"Help! Lucius has gone mad!\" but his voice was weak from shock. \"We've got to go!\" Cassia shrieked from behind him, but Lucius was frozen. He stared at the broken boy in front of him- the boy who had pulled a dagger on him. \"You are so stupid!\" Servius roared. \"My father will kill you himself just like he should've done long ago!\" Then Lucius remembered Commodus. This was Commodus's son. He was the son that always bullied Lucius, the son that would take over the throne, and the son that Lucilla had but never really had. Lucius knew that Commodus was the reason for Lucilla's death. He had to punish Commodus. Lucius reared back and heaved the dagger into Servius's stomach. The sound that erupted from the young boy was inhuman. He sounded like the animals that Commodus had slain in the coliseum nearly every day. In his mind, Lucius saw Commodus before him. He saw his uncle, sweaty and breathing heavily after he left Maximus's body in the coliseum. He saw his poor mother bending to Commodus's will in order to keep him safe, and he saw the bruises on Cassia's arms. Lucius slid the knife down, slicing through the boy's stomach, and allowing his entrails to pour out, just as he had watched his uncle do to giraffes and gazelles countless times. They then untied the animals. They always tripped as they tried to escape. Servius's hands clenched at his stomach He let out a wail that echoed down the corridors. He did not run though. He sank back against the wall. Lucius stumbled backwards, barely making it back to his feet. He dropped the dagger and it clanged onto the stone. He heard Cassia's sharp intake of breath behind him. \"Lucius, the guards…we must go,\" Cassia stammered. Her voice shook uncontrollably. \"Your mother told me where to-\" Lucius reached out and grabbed her arm to steady himself. He felt sick. He removed his hand from her pale arm when he realized that he had left a bloody handprint. \"Lucius,\" Servius's strained voice broke his thoughts, and Lucius turned to face his dying brother. \"I…I'm sorry brother,\" Lucius stammered. \"Please don't leave me?\" Servius gasped out. Lucius swallowed hard. His stomach heaved at the mess he had made of his half-brother. Servius reached out a hand to Lucius, and Lucius bent down to take it in his own. Servius's hand was warm with his own blood—warm and sticky. \"I'm sorry that you had to pay for the sins of your father, Servius,\" Lucius murmured. His voice cracked and he paused. \"He… ruined you before you had the chance to be anything different. Servius gasped Lucius closed his eyes painfully. \"This will hurt Commodus far worse than anything you could have done to he himself,\" Cassia whispered. \"He has lost his sister and his son on the same day. And his daughter will be missing.\" Lucius released his brother's hand and turned away. \"What is her name?\" Cassia asked breathlessly. Lucius tried to focus on his sister—the one that could still be saved. \"Come on, let's go before we are caught,\" he murmured. As they hurried back down the corridor, he finally answered. \"Commodus named her Valeria.\" \"But what do you wish to name her?\" \"Lucille,\" Lucius reached out to gently touch the baby's cheek. \"I have to go back and finish Commodus…I can't just leave him be,\" Lucius blurted out. \"No. He will be finished. He will not be able to go on without Lucilla or Servius. He is finished,\" Cassia murmured. \"Lucius. We are free. You are free if we can just get out of the palace and leave Rome.\" \"My mother's free,\" Lucius swallowed back the lump in his throat, and Cassia nodded as tears formed in her own eyes. \"Whatever we have to face, we can face it. The three of us,\" Cassia whispered. \"And she doesn't have to know,\" Lucius murmured. Cassia smiled at him. \"She never has to know where she came from.\" ","Summary":" The room was dark, highlighted only by flames burning from lamps, and for once, Cassia did not mind"},{"Movie":"King Kong","Title":"A King and His Lady","Author":"2000kate","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12619136","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 'Whelp, this is it for this life.' Kala thought to herself. She had grown up as an oddity to her tribe. Didn't listen to rules, disrespected her 'elders' (even though she was technically older than them [not that they knew]), and was often neglecting the tasks assigned to her. Figures that it would come bite her in the ass in the future. Kala was born on an island, isolated from the rest of the world. She guessed that it was some point before the 18th century, as they only used primitive tools and had no contact from anyone outside the tribe. She assumed that was why they were still so barbaric (that and thanks to the inevitable inbreeding). Every 2 months or so, there would be a sacrifice to their 'God'. Sadly though, Kala didn't believe in any God, so that was another strike on her long list of failures. Whenever they sacrificed one of the maidens to the God, Kala would disappear, uninterested in being a part of a pointless death. There were many other things on the island to be afraid of, there was no point in worrying about a sacrifice when it was more likely you'll meet death by monster. Apparently, that was why they sacrificed to the 'God' though. He protects them from the monsters, well... as long as they stayed inside the walls. But now Kala was here, in a guarded hut, to be used as a sacrifice to the 'God' that is protecting the tribe. The young girl was sitting in the hut, dressed in ceremonial garments with white symbols lining her dark skin representing the dark times the tribe had before they had found the protection of the God known as Kong. The messed-up thing was that she was only 10. The requirement of being used as a sacrifice was that you had to have your 'first blood', or period if you actually knew the term. Lucky her hit puberty early. It didn't matter much to reborn woman (child, whatever). If she was going to die, she'd rather meet this 'God' before she kicked the bucket. That's why she was patiently waiting for the Elder to come get her. Kala was sitting on the ground, writing her will on the dirt floor with a stick in French. No one on the island knew the language, only she would know what it said but it was a fun way to pass the time. It wasn't going well... She had no one to give her possessions to though she owned few). The Elder finally wobbled into her hut, using a wooden stick as support, as Kala finished signing her false will. She was the oldest in the tribe, hence the name 'Elder' assigned to her. Her hair that was probably once dark and healthy curls was now brittle and grayed. Her face was horribly wrinkled, and wartz marred her skin. Not the best looker, but still an important figure on the island. \"I see that you're still drawing those squiggles on the ground. You've always been an odd one,\" she chastised Kala. \"Tch, it's an honor to be a sacrifice. My younger sister was one, you know.\" Yes, yes, the sacrifice's family was always well treated in the tribe. Even so, no one really wanted to give up their only child, even if it was for the good of the tribe. \"Yes, Elder,\" Kala said blankly. Really, why is this taking so long? She had places to be, Gods to see. This conversation was ultimately pointless in the end. Kala would move on from this place (she's not sure why she didn't kill herself sooner, everyone here was always such a downer) and get a new life with a new name. \"This has always been your destiny child.\" ' Again, with the child thing... I'm older than you, you hag! ' Kala thought angrily to herself. The old woman was getting on her nerves. \"You've been marked as a sacrifice.\" She pointed her stick directly between the valley of her non-existent breasts. There laid a small black circle, almost filled halfway, similar to a quarter moon. Which, incidentally, tonight is also a quarter moon. The mark represented how close to death Kala was. It seemed to follow her into each and every life. The quicker it filled in, the younger she would die. ' Huh, I almost forgot about that. ' The reborn woman thought to herself. ' Seems like I have time to live yet... At least, as long as I'm not murdered by this 'God'.' There was zero chance that Kala would live when the circle was all filled in, but she could absolutely die before that from outside forces. Usually she didn't live past 60 and would suddenly die. But the tribe didn't know any of that and thought that it was a sign from the gods that she should be used as a sacrifice. \"This is an honor many will never know,\" the Elder continues, oblivious to her inner monologue. \"Now, get up. We have a sacrifice to give.\" The old lady eyed her hard, wrinkles becoming even more defined in her face. \"I'm surprised you haven't tried to run. There have been others more aged than you that have tried to defy the will of the tribe.\" Kala gave her a dubious look. \"I would rather be eaten by some god, than stabbed to death with pointy sticks.\" The hag cackled at her. \"Kwahahaha! Yes, you've always been quick with your mind.\" She calmed her laughter after a bit, and turned to leave. \"Follow me.\" Stepping out of the hut, Kala looked up at the cloudy sky. Most days were like this one, with the rare sunny day that she enjoyed. The perpetual storm that surrounded the island prevented the people from leaving and exploring the seas. All the cloudy weather made her wonder why the tribe's people had dark skin if there was no need for all the melatonin in their skin. Evolution was weird. Kala was not going to miss this place. Wayyyy to dreary for her tastes. The people, the weather, the environment, all of them felt like they existed for the sole purpose of making everyone feel like shit. It's no wonder the tribe has become so savage. Kala was the only one who seemed to notice such a thing though. Everyone else was too set in their ways, never knowing another way of life. As they made it to two young pierced men (a symbol of them leaving behind their youth) standing before the wall, Kala watched the Elder whisper something in one of their ear, pointed to her, and then allowed Kala proceeded to be knocked out. It was standard procedure. Made it easier for them to tie the sacrifice up. By the time she woke up, her two hands were bound in a Y shape above her head to two anchor points. The anchor points were way above her head, so a lot of rope was used to allow her little feet to just brush the bamboo plank. In front of her was 'the Gap' as she liked to call it. Separating the Tribe from the more dangerous parts of the island. The dark sky and mixture of mist and smoke made for a menacing picture. Kala felt her heart beat pick up despite her mind feeling calm. Adrenaline making her ready for the action she knew would come. The beat of the drums grew slowly grew in the background as the Elder and rest of the tribe started their chant, summoning Kong to the area. She was slowly being pulled forward as the people turned a wheel that would place her on the other side of the large gap. Slowly, her feet lifted off the edge, leaving her dangling high above the raging waters below. The only thing stopping her from falling was her bound wrists, which were chafing from the strain of her weight on the hemp ropes.. The drums were in high gear, and the chanting was even louder. Finally, her feet touched the ground on the other side and the drums and chanting ceased all at once. The young reborn soul only heard the sound of the waves far below. Until... the creaking and crashing of trees falling started to echo through the woods. Trees as tall as sky scrapers being knocked out of the way by a large dark figure as if they were only toy blocks. Kala's heart couldn't have been any louder in her ears. She had never been to a sacrifice nor seen the beast before, and now she had front row seats. The growling was loud as she watched the shadow stop right in front of her. She looked up. And their eyes met. The first thing she noticed was that it was large, very large. Towering over 50 ft high was a dark-haired gorilla. 'Huh, should have figured that the 'God' was King Kong himself .' The dark skinned ten-year-old though to herself. King kong was an entrenched figure in pop culture after all. 'I'm an idiot,' she thought to herself. Slowly, the beast's large hand reached out to her. Using one finger, it brushed her check gently, before pulling back and ripping her free from the ropes hold. Her body was small enough to be cradled in his large hand. There was enough room to breathe and move slightly, and she peeked through the gap his fingers made and watched the forest quickly pass by. \"Huh.\" Kala couldn't say she didn't see this outcome as a possibility. Especially as she knew she wouldn't die yet. \"'Qui vivra verra.' As they say.\" She mumbled as she closed her eyes for a rest. It had been a busy day after all. . I'm not sure how long I plan on making this, maybe less than 10 chapters. Who knows? Mostly just for your and my enjoyment. It was a plot bunny that I thought was a good idea.[Chapter 2] Kala was startled awake as she was dropped to the ground. Her eyes blinked tiredly, fighting the urge to close and go back to sleep. She almost lost the fight, when she felt something nudge her face. She flicked her hand at whatever it was. Maybe a fly? It nudged her again a little harder. \"Para. Sólo déjame dormir.\" The curly haired ten-year-old mumbled. This time she was pushed onto her back, tiny pebbles digging into her skin. \"Mierda!\" Finally opening her eyes, she was greeted to the sight of a giant finger in her face. Pushing it out of the way, she saw what the appendage was connected to. Oh right, King Kong. Sitting up in surprise, she startled the gorilla, who didn't expect the sudden motion. It growled in a threatening manner, sharp teeth peeking through his lips, not wanting his new toy to escape. Kala's eyebrows raised in (well deserved) surprise. Holding her hand up slowly in a non-threatening position, she showed her submission. Eyeing her surroundings wearily she looked for any other immediate threats. \"Why the heck are you alone?\" She spoke aloud, knowing that the ape wouldn't understand what she was saying. Apes are social creatures, and it was uncommon to find one without it's troop. Be it giant or small. Sitting up, she gained a better view of her surroundings. They seemed to be sitting at the top of a long-abandoned temple deep in the island. Don't ask her how it got there, even she has to questions how the hell the earliest settlers would be able to construct it with all the large predators roaming around. Almost like a plot hole... Moss and fauna were growing on the stone bricks, and there was no ceiling to constrict Kong beneath. 'Looks like he brought me to his nest for whatever reason.' Kala looked at the ape in curiosity, and he looked back in a similar manner. No one in the tribe knew what Kong did with the sacrifices, but they all assumed he devoured them. But seeing that she had yet to be devoured, Kala reasoned that it was their own stupidity that got them killed. Probably tried to run away, the fools. Once they were both finished inspecting each other, Kong once again slowly reached out his oversized hand to touch her, only stopping for a moment to see what she would do. The young (in body only) girl didn't flinch shy away from him, long since desensitized by such things. When he saw that she wasn't running away or attacking him, Kong took it as permission to continue. His fingers poked and prodded as they pleased, with no head of any discomfort they caused Kala. They were soft enough not to injure her, but it was clear the gorilla didn't have complete control over his strength. He took some strands of her long curly hair between his fingers and rolled them around, intrigued about the texture. He went on like this for about five minutes until Kala grew tired of it. \"Alright, alright. I get it.\" Her hand reached out to stop his finger, which was the only appendage she had any hope of stopping. Her small hands were dwarfed further when compared to the gorilla's finger, not even able to reach halfway around with both hands. Kala suddenly grinned, \"My turn.\" Knowing that it was futile to force the beast to do as she pleased, she gently tried to turn his hand over and hoped he understood what she was trying to do. Apparently humoring her, Kong's hand followed and went palm up so that the dark-skinned girl could properly climb on. Kala easily did so, and stood up. And then promptly fell right on her ass, as the massive hand jerked upwards. The hand was brought up to his face, where Kala met his eyes once again. \"Oi, I was trying to do something,\" she grumbled. Kong only looked on impassively, and perhaps a little curiously. She was a little surprised about how sentient Kong seemed to be, and how he could tell she meant no threat despite how displeased she must seem. But maybe he deserved to be a little cocky, with his massive size a small bug like her would do no damage on him. Getting to her feet once again, she kept a lower center of gravity in case Kong wanted to make any more sudden movements. Instead he kept still, eyes still following her with interest. Kala brushed her heavy curls back and thought not for the first time that she wished elastic bands were a thing here. Once she reached his wrist, where the fur started, she reached her right hand forward and grabbed a fistful. She reached with the other hand and did the same. His fur was matted with dirt and sticks in some places, but much softer than she thought it would be with him living in a jungle. Slowly but surely, Kala started to climb up the beast's arm, toes clenching into the dark fur for extra support. She hadn't been idle when she was skipping out on sacrifices, always going exploring and climbing trees and rocky cliffs with little care about how dangerous it would be. Her arms and legs were toned with muscle, not strong enough to lift anything too heavy, but still enough to pull herself onto a branch with only her arms. Once she reached Kong's inner elbow she paused as she heard heavy breathing. Dark eyes turned upward slowly, and saw that it was the massive gorilla she was climbing. His breath was quick and shallow, as if he was working himself up with excitement. When she paused in her climbing he grunted, and started to shove her with his other arm to get her moving again. Deciding it was best not to anger a mammal that was more than fifty times her own size, she continued upwards. Kala wondered idly if he felt like he was getting pet. He must not have gotten a lot of positive reactions to him. With beasts trying to kill him, and humans... also trying to kill him... So, Kala climbed and climbed until she reached the top of his head. By this time, Kong was hooting and banging his chest in happiness (or what Kala assumed was happiness). She held on tightly with all fours as he got up onto his feet, slowly his cheering stopped and his left hand reached upwards for her. He grabbed her from his head, and Kala released her grip. She enjoyed how careful Kong was being, he seemed to understand that he was strong enough to hurt her. His hand held her towards his face, and grunted at her. When she said nothing, he grunted again. 'Ah, it seems like he's trying to speak with me,' she realized. ' Sadly, gorilla is one of the languages I have yet to master,' she thought dryly. The dark-skinned girl held her hands up in a 'what-can-you-do' type of manner, even though she knew it was lost on the ape. \"Sorry, I can't understand you.\" She spoke loudly and clearly, being a giant didn't mean you had super hearing after all. Kong must not have minded that he didn't understand, and only cared that she had responded at all. His lips pulled backwards into what must've been a smile. Air blew out of his nose in a pleased huff. He then sat roughly back onto the ground, and Kala realized not for the first time that she was having a little trouble seeing his face. When she looked upwards at the sky she saw that it was very dark out, maybe almost midnight. She must have been with Kong longer than she thought. The ceremony started in the just before sunset, and even with her nap she still felt tired. Kong must have felt the same because he placed her back onto the ground beside him as he laid down. Just as she was about to get up to get a safe distance away, a hand clamped around her. She startled and would've jumped if she'd been able to. The hand let her go and Kala plopped down onto hard skin. His chest was lightly furred, and only had a few scars here and there. It would have been a nice sleeping place in not for the chance of her being crushed to death in her sleep. \"Uhh, I don't think this is a good idea.\" It was pointless though, Kong couldn't understand a single word coming out of her mouth. His hand was held behind her in a pseudo snuggle, and Kala realized that resistance was futile. What Kong wants, Kong gets, as far as he is concerned. So, she gave in, and leaned her back against his hand to get comfortable. The gorilla may be able to sleep, but Kala wasn't about to get a wink of sleep in this unsafe spot. The curly haired girl sat awake for hours, until she was positive that Kong was deep asleep. Once his breathing was deep and constant, she steadily and carefully climbed down. If she wasn't careful he could mistake her for a bug or something and swat her away. When her feet made contact with the ground, she tiptoed away and climbed onto a high mossy ledge for her to sleep. It would keep her out of the way if Kong was tosser and turner. Her last view before she closed her eyes was of the giant gorilla rolling onto his side and scratching at his belly. 'Yup, I definitely made the right choice.' And Kala thought for what must have been for the millionth time that her existence was a crazy one. Hazzah! I have returned my people! Bow before your rightful ruler, for I support your existence with my measly fanfictions. I kid, I kid. Don't worry everyone, I remembered about this fanfiction, it is not going away any time soon. This is one of my more favorable fanfictions after all, and I rather like the idea of Kong having a childhood friend (sort of). His bond with her would be much deeper than it would be with someone he met in only one day (cough- Ann Darrow -cough). I get myself worked up everytime i think about the wonderful friendship he and Kala could have. Be on the look out for any more chapters from me in the future! Ps. I would also like to thank my brother (you know who you are) for is silent support in my story. Even knowing that he would read one of my works is really touching. I would also like to thank anyone who leaves a review, and a special shout out to BlackNBoom! Reviews help push authors through tough spots in their writing, and let them know that their effort is appreciated.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 Kala peeled her eyes open, though the daze of sleep still clung to her as dark circled lined her eyes. Dirt and stones were being tossed into the air like pieces of lint, as an angry Kong created a frantic mess. ","Summary":" 'Whelp, this is it for this life.' Kala thought to herself. She had grown up as an oddity to her tr"},{"Movie":"King Kong","Title":"Stars and Cigarettes","Author":"MildlyInsane","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12416996","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Stars and Cigarettes Summary: A short tale of Jimmy's first days as a member of the crew on The Venture, during which he does some exploring around the ship, makes some mistakes, and bonds with Mr. Hayes. I wrote this literal years ago and never uploaded it. It's gonna be three chapters, but if anyone actually reads this, it'll probably be after I've already uploaded them all, so you probably won't have to wait between chapters. Stories for King Kong are not in very high demand, I don't think. I'm mostly only interested in things no one else cares about, it seems and happened to get very attached to these secondary characters in a film the rest of the world didn't really have that strong of a reaction to... I don't believe anyone else on the planet saw this movie and therefore no one reads King Kong stories, but here it is anyway: xxxxxx Chapter 1 xxxxxx Jimmy sat cross-legged and silent on the floor in the corner of his favorite cage below deck. Ever since he sneaked aboard The Venture a few weeks ago and was sort of accepted by the ship's crew, Jimmy had taken to hanging out in the cages any time he could. It wasn't that he disliked any of the other men on the ship. He just didn't really know them all that well yet, and always felt the safest when he was alone. A lot of the ship's crew just ignored Jimmy. They let him do whatever he wanted (which consisted widely of staying hidden from their sight.) They hardly ever requested that he come up on deck or help with anything. Of course, his arm was still broken, he was eleven years old, and he wasn't at all experienced in any of the different jobs that needed to be done around the ship... He was in fact very grateful that none of them seemed too worried about him. The only one who really consistently checked up on him was the man who'd first found him in the cages, Mr. Hayes, the ship's first mate. While sometimes Jimmy was annoyed by the guy constantly seeking him out and making sure he was doing alright, he supposed it was sort of nice to know someone would notice and maybe even worry if he disappeared. Considering Jimmy was a new-comer and none of the sailors knew him or had any reason to trust him, he sure was left alone a fair amount of the time. Even Mr. Hayes didn't follow him around constantly. This left him a lot of time to explore the ship, mostly the portion below deck, where he was almost guaranteed to not run into anyone else. The men seemed to find the cages far less appealing than Jimmy did. Jimmy saw them as a sort of sanctuary. From what he heard from the sailors, they considered them dirty, cramped, uncomfortable, or even creepy. After two weeks of living on this ship, Jimmy had pretty much memorized the layout of the cages. He knew which were his favorites, which ones were too dirty even for him, which ones were filled with crates, and what was inside those crates. He had explored the lower portion of the ship pretty much all he could. He supposed now that he'd seen all there was to see down here, he could take a closer look around the rest of the ship. Grabbing onto one of the bars of the cage he was sitting in, Jimmy pulled himself to his feet. He stretched his left arm, the one that wasn't broken, and let out a yawn. He'd been sitting still quite a while. Breathing in and out slowly, Jimmy stepped out of the cage and walked as carefully and quietly as he could toward the stairs that led up to the deck. Even though the sailors claimed he was perfectly welcome to be seen around the ship, Jimmy still tried to stay hidden. He didn't want to risk doing something wrong and having any of them get angry with him. He didn't want them looking at him, asking him questions, or even wondering about him. He could see in their expressions when their eyes fell on him that they had questions about where he came from and how his arm had been broken. They didn't ask, but they wondered. He could tell, and he didn't like seeing those questions in their eyes. Simply staying out of their sight entirely was preferable. As he reached the top of the stairs and peeked out over the deck, he could see no one in sight. They must have all been busy elsewhere. Lumpy was likely cooking, Englehorn and Hayes were probably at the ship's wheel or somewhere looking at a map, planning the ship's course or something... Jimmy didn't know that much about sailing. At any rate, he seemed to be in the clear for now... but where should he explore? Which places on the ship might be worth seeing? Where would he be least likely to run into anyone else? The cabins. Jimmy probably wasn't supposed to go into the sailors' cabins. He had been assigned his own, and Mr. Hayes was constantly making sure he slept there instead of below deck, but he hadn't seen the others. Was his cabin a nice one? Did he just get whatever was left over, which would be one no one else wanted? He didn't much mind if his cabin had been a reject leftover. It was better than nothing. He had a warm, dry bed and a door that he could push a chair in front of to make sure he'd wake up if anyone walked in. It was a nice room. He just wondered what the other rooms were like... Did the other sailors have belongings? Did they keep any personal things in their rooms? He wondered if he'd be able to tell whose room was whose based on what was kept inside... Or maybe they just used the rooms to sleep in and to store their clothing. Maybe they didn't care much about possessions. Quietly, the boy tip-toed across the deck and into the hall the cabins branched off of. He doubted anyone would be in their cabins this early in the evening. He hoped not at least... Pushing gently on one of the cabins' doors, Jimmy peered inside. Sure enough, no one was in the room. He let out a breath he hadn't realized he'd been holding and slipped quickly into the room, pushing the door shut behind him. He looked around the space of the cabin. It was pretty similar to his own, and seemed just about as empty as his room as well. There was a bed, a small dresser, a desk, and a chair. He walked over to the desk and peered down at it. On its surface was a map. Jimmy ran his fingers over the worn paper. There were creases on it where it had been folded, probably hundreds of times. Jimmy wondered if the sailors even needed the maps anymore. How long had they worked on this ship? Did they have their courses memorized by now? Or did it depend on other things, like wind and waves? Could they judge that kind of thing simply by having a lot of experience doing so already too? Maybe he'd ask Mr. Hayes sometime, if he could muster up the courage to do so. As it were, he tried to keep his conversations with any of the sailors as short as possible. Jimmy glanced over the desk's surface again. On top of the map was a strange metal instrument. There were lines and numbers written on it, and it had a piece of it that looked like it was made for someone to look through. He picked it up and put the eye-piece up to his left eye as he closed his right one. He couldn't really see anything. Just a blur of the color of the room's wall. Turning the instrument in his hands, Jimmy continued looking it over. He wondered what it was for. Whose room was this? Maybe that could help him figure out the use of the instrument. He doubted it was Lumpy's room. Lumpy would have no use for something you look through... All that man seemed to care about was cooking. A captain or first mate might use it. But so might a lot of the sailors. It looked like just a looking glass or telescope of some sort... but why did it have the numbers? Perhaps he could just take the strange thing with him and try to figure it out on his own... He could wait until the other sailors were mostly asleep and then take it out on deck and see how far he could see with it... But he might not be able to see much at night... Fortunately, Jimmy's pants had pockets that were rather deep. He was in fact wearing pants that had previously belonged to one of the crew, Choy. They were too long for him, but not by too much. Choy was a small man, barely taller than Jimmy. He stuffed the metal device into one of the pockets and crossed the room to the other side where the dresser was. Opening up the drawer, he looked inside. What he found there was a pad of paper, a pen, a small lighter, and cigarettes. This didn't give him much of a clue as to whose room this was either. Almost all the sailors smoked. He wondered if he'd like to smoke... Jimmy picked up the box of cigarettes and opened it. There were eight left in the container. Staring at the cabin's door, Jimmy pulled one of the cigarettes out of the box, placed it between his teeth, and put the rest of the cigarettes back in the drawer, replacing the box in his hand with the lighter. He stared at the door again. He could feel his heart racing. But he wanted to try the cigarette. Lumpy seemed to be unable to function without cigarettes. The captain seemed to like them too. So did most of the sailors. There had to be some reason they were all so fond of the things. Still staring at the room's entrance, Jimmy fiddled with the lighter. How did Lumpy make this look so easy? Every time the boy saw the ship's cook, it seemed he was lighting up a cigarette, and he never had any trouble getting the lighter to work properly. Jimmy tried the lighter again, again, and a fourth time before a flame finally sprouted up. As he raised it toward the end of the cigarette hanging out of his mouth, leaving the flame there just as long as Lumpy usually did. Making sure the flame was really out, Jimmy moved to put the lighter back in the dresser. He paused as his hand was inches from the drawer and decided to put the small lighter in his second pants pocket instead. Now he had to deal with the smoking cigarette between his lips. Putting his fingers around it, he inhaled through his mouth, ignoring the stinging, burning sensation in his throat and lungs. What was so great about this? Why would someone chose to smoke these all the time, every day? It actually hurt. As his eyes began to water, Jimmy tried to exhale calmly, watching as smoke filled the space in front of his face. It didn't take long at all before his attempt at breathing calmly was completely destroyed as the smoke tickled his throat, or lungs, or something the wrong way. He erupted into a fit of painful coughs as he tried to force clean air back into his lungs. He hoped no one was anywhere near the room... What if they heard him? He coughed and gasped for a minute longer before finally deciding he was in the clear, that he was in fact not going to suffocate, even though he still felt a little sick and his throat still felt scratchy. He blew on the end of the cigarette, trying to extinguish the invisible embers that were causing it to continue emitting smoke, but that only made more smoke come out of it. Coughing again, he held his breath and opened the door slowly. No one was in the hall. Jimmy tip-toed as fast as he could while still being quiet until he reached the ship's railing. He looked over it at the water below, tossing the cigarette into the water and then looking around himself some more. He could see Mr. Hayes walking in the distance. The first mate seemed like he hadn't noticed Jimmy tossing the cigarette into the ocean, and for that Jimmy was grateful. Mr. Hayes simply smiled and nodded toward Jimmy, waving slightly. Jimmy nervously waved back, waiting until Mr. Hayes turned away before dashing back down to the cages. As soon as he was back in his cage, in his comfort zone, he resumed coughing. He would have really liked a glass of water at this point, but he didn't want it badly enough to go seek it out and risk running into someone who might ask him questions. So he stayed below deck, clearing his throat and coughing every few minutes, hoping no one would come looking for him, hoping whoever owned the cigarettes and lighter and strange metal tool didn't notice them missing and suspect him of thievery. xxxxxx[Chapter 2] xxxxxx Chapter2 xxxxxx Much to Jimmy's misfortune, it didn't take long at all after he reclaimed his place in the cage furthest back and most hidden from the world before someone felt it necessary to check in on him. And of course, that person was none other than Mr. Hayes. By now Mr. Hayes knew Jimmy didn't like being sneaked up on and didn't like surprises, so he announced his presence as soon as it was reasonable to do so. \"Jimmy?\" the first mate called out. \"You down here?\" Of course, Jimmy already knew Mr. Hayes was approaching before the man spoke, because he'd been paying attention and had seen the man's shadow, and Mr. Hayes knew the boy was down here because that's where he always was, and he'd probably seen Jimmy walking down the stairs a few minutes earlier. Jimmy didn't answer. Instead, he moved his hand over his bulging pocket as he stood up from his sitting position. The last thing he needed was for Mr. Hayes to notice he had stolen whatever it was he'd taken from the cabin room. The lighter in his other pocket wasn't so big. He didn't need to take much precaution in trying to hide that. \"I was glad to see you up on deck a minute ago.\" Hayes continued talking. \"Remember, you can stay up there as long as you want. There's no reason to hide. No body's gonna mind you being around. You know that, right?\" Jimmy just stared at him. The closer the man came to the cage, the more nervous Jimmy was becoming. Did he already know Jimmy had stolen from someone on the ship? Was that someone Mr. Hayes? Could the room have been his? Did he smoke? Jimmy didn't think so, but he wasn't sure. Maybe he did smoke and just didn't as often as some of the others. Swallowing a lump in his throat, Jimmy took a step back as the first mate stepped into the cage. His back was now literally against the wall, and he could feel the scratchy feeling returning in his lungs and throat. He wanted to cough, but he didn't want Mr. Hayes to be any more suspicious than he may have already been. \"You okay, Jimmy?\" The sailor asked, a look of concern spreading across his face. Jimmy didn't know whether to answer. Was Mr. Hayes really asking if he was okay? Or was it a rhetorical question? Did he already know what Jimmy had done? Was he asking for an admission of guilt without actually having to come out and say it? \"Hey, you alright?\" Hayes asked again, taking one more small step forward. Jimmy pressed himself even closer to the wall. \"Yeah.\" he managed to say with a voice that sounded much too scratchy to be his own. Just hearing his own rasping voice reminded him again of his tickling throat, which caused him to finally give in and let out a few painful coughs. How did Lumpy even survive smoking those things all day every day? Even just puffing on one for a few seconds had left Jimmy in discomfort for quite a while after the actual cigarette was long gone. Mr. Hayes narrowed his eyes as Jimmy continued coughing. When the boy didn't stop after a few moments, Hayes pressed onward. \"Maybe you're up and around too soon.\" Hayes suggested. \"Are you feeling sick?\" Jimmy couldn't help but flinch when the sailor reached toward him. Through all of the man's words and actions thus far, the boy still couldn't tell if he knew what Jimmy had done or not. Did he just think Jimmy had a cough? Was he trying to be helpful? Or was he dropping very subtle hints and asking rhetorical questions in order to get Jimmy to confess? ... ... ... The first mate took a step back and withdrew his hand as soon as he noticed Jimmy flinching away from him. He had only meant to check and see if Jimmy had a fever. He'd even moved slowly so the boy wouldn't take the gesture the wrong way. Since Jimmy was coughing so much, Hayes thought it might make sense that he could be coming down with something. Of course, the kid had been pretty jumpy ever since Mr. Hayes had first found him down here a few weeks prior. The boy being reluctant to speak or to go up on deck and be around the other men wasn't surprising, but instead of slowly making progress as he had been over the previous days, and becoming more at ease around the sailors, he seemed to be moving backwards today, acting more fearful now, and seemingly over nothing. Not only did he flinch when Hayes reached toward him, but he had been acting odd the entire time the first mate was down below deck with him. \"What's wrong, Jimmy?\" Hayes asked with a firm tone. He understood by now that Jimmy liked to keep secrets, but he didn't like how the boy was acting. \"Did one of the crew say something to you?\" He asked. He couldn't imagine who would have said something to upset the boy... Maybe Jimmy had taken someone's words the wrong way. Jimmy shook his head and coughed again. \"Can I get you a glass of water?\" Hayes asked. \"Do you feel sick?\" he repeated the question he was pretty sure he'd already asked at least once. Maybe just feeling ill was enough to make Jimmy act strange. It wasn't like the first mate really knew the boy all that well. Jimmy shook his head again, but still didn't speak. He did, however, keep his wide eyes focused on the sailor looming over him. Mr. Hayes sighed. Jimmy was acting much too similarly to the way he had on the day Mr. Hayes had discovered the boy down here in this same cage not so long ago. Over the past couple of weeks, Jimmy had either stayed hidden below deck, or following close behind the first mate. Any time Mr. Hayes asked him to come up on deck, the boy had followed him like a puppy. And now he was acting like he'd never seen the man before. Squatting down so that he wasn't towering over Jimmy, Mr. Hayes looked him over. \"You gotta tell me what's wrong, Jimmy.\" Hayes said gently. \"I promised you I wouldn't let anything bad happen to you, remember?\" ... ... ... Jimmy continued staring at the man, who was now looking back at him at nearly eye-level. Sure, the first mate had promised not to hurt him back a few weeks ago when they'd first met. Mr. Hayes didn't know Jimmy yet back then. He hadn't had the chance to be disappointed and infuriated with him yet... Not until now. What would the sailor do when he learned Jimmy had stolen from the ship's crew, maybe even from the captain, and maybe even from the first mate himself? What would he do if he figured out Jimmy had tried smoking one of the cigarettes he'd found in a room he wasn't even supposed to be in in the first place? The same promises he'd made when he just saw Jimmy as an injured boy who'd done nothing wrong probably wouldn't apply anymore. Hayes was still maintaining a fair distance between himself and Jimmy, but Jimmy couldn't help but remain nervous as he clutched his fingers around the awkward metal object mis-shaping his pocket. The first mate seemed to finally notice Jimmy was trying to hide something in his pocket just then. Jimmy could tell when the man noticed because Hayes's eyes narrowed as soon as they scanned over Jimmy's fidgeting hand. \"What have you got there, Jimmy?\" He asked. His voice didn't really sound angry, but it didn't really sound pleased either. He knew Jimmy had something he wasn't supposed to have, and he was probably going to be really angry when he found out what it was. This wasn't just an apple or a coin. This was something that probably cost someone a fair amount of money. That, and if he noticed the strange instrument, would he notice the lighter too? Then would the whole deal with the cigarette be found out? Jimmy had only been here two weeks and the sailors were already going to find out they couldn't stand to put up with him any longer. \"Jimmy...\" Hayes said again, his voice sounding pretty stern this time. \"What's in your pocket?\" Clutching the material tighter in his hand, Jimmy breathed in slowly. As his hand squeezed the metal under the fabric of the pants he'd borrowed from Choy, Jimmy felt a sharp stinging sensation in his palm. Some pointed part of the tool must have cut him. He winced as he considered squeezing the object even tighter and making a run for it. He looked down at his pocket. Sure enough, a sharp bit of the metal could be seen protruding out of the fabric of his pocket... The tool had not only cut his hand, but torn the material of the pants that weren't even Jimmy's. He could even see a smudge of his own blood near the tear. Now he could add Choy to the list of people who had a good reason to be angry with him. \"Jimmy...\" Hayes's voice was even more stern now as he reached toward Jimmy's torn pocket. At that, Jimmy dodged out of the way and moved to make his way around the first mate. He didn't want to stick around and see what the man would do about this. But Jimmy had barely made it a foot away before he felt a large hand wrap around his forearm. Fortunately it wasn't the arm that was broken. Jimmy let out a sound that almost sounded like a growl as he attempted to pull his arm out of the grasp of Mr. Hayes. \"I didn't steal nothin'!\" Jimmy screamed. Mr. Hayes saw through this blatant lie, of course. He grabbed the instrument out of Jimmy's pocket mere seconds later. \"Where'd you get this, Jimmy?\" The first mate asked, staring right into Jimmy's eyes. His facial features were stern and serious. Frowning, Jimmy looked away and tugged at his arm again. The truth would only make Hayes angry. A lie would be obvious and would probably make him more angry. \"Lemme go!\" Jimmy growled, kicking out at the sailor's leg. \"Jimmy, stop.\" Mr. Hayes ordered, putting the tool down on the ground and placing his second hand lightly on Jimmy's shoulder. \"You're bleeding.\" He commented, loosening his grip on Jimmy's arm and turning the boy's cut hand over to see it better. As the first mate's grip on Jimmy's arm had loosened significantly, the boy took this opportunity to wriggle free of the man's grasp entirely. He sprinted toward the stairs as fast as he could, not taking the time to look back and make sure Hayes wasn't close behind him. He didn't even take care to make sure no one else was up on the deck as he emerged. Once he was upstairs, however, he wasn't really sure where to go. He was, after all, stuck on this ship, in the middle of the ocean. The only way he could really get away from Mr. Hayes and avoid his anger would be to jump in the water. Would drowning be a better fate than whatever punishment Hayes might dish out? Probably not. Jimmy continued running aimlessly until he spotted the crow's nest. Mr. Hayes had explained that to him once already. It was a sort of lookout area. The first mate had mentioned a lot of the sailors didn't like going up there. Jimmy turned around slightly and looked around himself. Hayes was nowhere to be seen. He saw another sailor whose name he didn't remember, but the man didn't seem to be paying attention to him. Maybe he could get away with this after all, for now. With much difficulty, Jimmy began his ascent to the crow's nest. As he avoided using his broken arm, Jimmy didn't find climbing the rope netting to be exactly easy, but he sure didn't want to just stand down there and wait to be found by someone who was surely angry with him. When he finally made it to the top of the lookout perch, he was of course pretty exhausted. He'd climbed it as fast as he could, and it was a difficult climb to begin with considering he only had one usable arm. Sighing, Jimmy laid down in the bucket-like structure, keeping his back as close to the short wall railing as possible. He didn't want to fall out of the crow's nest, of course. It seemed like kind of a long way down. Hopefully no one saw him climbing up there. This was obviously not a permanent solution to his problems, but at least he could avoid Mr. Hayes for the time being. xxxxxx[Chapter 3] xxxxxx Chapter3 xxxxxx Standing on the deck by the railing of The Venture, Mr. Hayes breathed out tiredly as he looked out over the ocean. It had been with a bit of reluctance that the captain had agreed to welcome Jimmy to stay on the ship. Englehorn had promised Hayes keeping the boy in check and looking after him wouldn't be easy, and that promise was fulfilling itself now. Jimmy definitely wasn't an easy aspect of Hayes's life right now. As soon as the boy had finally wriggled out of the first mate's hands, he'd run off. Hayes didn't even attempt to go after him. Clearly the boy needed his space for a moment. It wasn't like he really had many places to hide on the ship. Hayes would find him when he'd given the boy time to calm down. As soon as he wanted to know where the kid was, he would surely find him easily. Of course, the first mate didn't want to cause Jimmy any more distress, but he also wanted to make it clear that stealing wasn't something he was going to allow on The Venture. Maybe he had to steal to survive once... but he didn't have to here. Somehow he needed to make sure the boy understood that. Hayes turned around and leaned his back against the ship's railing. Looking over the deck, he spotted one of the crew members. \"Frank,\" Hayes called out to get the man's attention. Frank looked up from the ropes he had been untangling and coiling. Hayes waved him over. As the sailor approached the first mate, Hayes went ahead with his question. \"Have you seen Jimmy around?\" He asked. The boy had run up on deck only twenty or so minutes ago. Frank was right there and seemed to have been working on those ropes for quite a while. He'd probably seen Jimmy pass by. \"Ah, ya mean that boy? Yeah.\" Frank answered. \"Think I saw him climbin' up tha crow's nest a little while ago. I wasn't payin' him much attention though. He could'a left since then.\" Hayes nodded, narrowing his eyes at the other sailor. \"You sure it was him?\" The first mate wondered. \"His arm is hurt... I wouldn't think he'd be able to climb the net...\" \"It was him alright.\" Frank nodded in affirmation. \"Couldn't have been anybody else. Definitely a kid. I haven't seen him much and ain't used to what he looks like, but he's the only kid around, far as I know.\" \"Alright.\" Hayes agreed. He supposed it wouldn't have been impossible for Jimmy to make his way up there. \"Thanks, Frank.\" The sailor nodded and shuffled back over to his work. Hayes looked over at the crow's nest. As far as he could see, no one was up there. He couldn't see anyone standing, but if the boy were trying to hide, he could be lying down. Sighing again, Mr. Hayes made his way over to the net. He considered yelling up to the boy and requesting that he come down, but he didn't want to make a huge spectacle of this. If the other sailors thought Hayes and the kid were in some sort of disagreement, it might draw in spectators, and that was not preferred. So instead, Hayes just began climbing up the rope. The crow's nest wasn't a place Hayes was particularly fond of. In fact, he didn't know any of the sailors who enjoyed being assigned lookout duty. It made most of them sea sick, and some of them felt a little nervous being so high off the ground in such a small platform. Hayes wasn't afraid of heights, but all the ship's movements seemed exaggerated when one was up in the crow's nest. Getting sea sick there wasn't uncommon at all. When Hayes reached the top of the net and prepared to pull himself up, he found that Jimmy was indeed where Frank had said he'd be. The boy looked like he'd been lying down, but he scurried into a sitting position as soon as he noticed Mr. Hayes. As Jimmy backed against the railing of the platform as far as he possibly could, Hayes remained still. The boy was clearly terrified. In fact, his eyes resembled that of a wild animal who had just been cornered. They were wide, unblinking, and dark, filled with dread. The boy's chest rose and fell rapidly as he stayed backed up closely against the railing. Instead of climbing up the netting the rest of the way so he would be on the platform too, Hayes stayed with only the upper portion of his body in the area where Jimmy had set up temporary camp. He didn't want to scare the boy any more than he already had. \"I just want to talk to you, Jimmy,\" Hayes promised, \"and,\" he added, \"if you'll let me, I'd like to bandage your hand.\" Jimmy watched the first mate carefully as Hayes reached into his pocket and pulled out a clean, length of white gauze. The sailor placed it carefully on the wooden floor in between himself and Jimmy and then looked back into the boy's eyes. The kid stared down at the gauze for just a few seconds and then stared back at Hayes with wide eyes. He still seemed hesitant to agree to what Mr. Hayes was saying, so Hayes resumed talking. \"Listen, Jimmy.\" He started. \"I want you to know I'm not angry with you. And I'm sorry if I scared you down below deck. I noticed you had something you weren't supposed to have. That tool belongs to Captain Englehorn. I was surprised to see you with it, and I knew the captain probably didn't hand it over to you willingly. If I seemed angry or threatening, I apologize. You just have to know it's not okay to take things that don't belong to you. Understand?\" The boy continued staring skeptically. \"There's no reason to steal anything on this ship.\" Hayes added. \"Anything you need, you'll get it automatically. You don't need to fight for it. You don't have to sneak around and fend for yourself. I'll make sure you're okay. If you ever get the urge to take something, to look at it or see what it does, just ask. I'd be glad to teach you how to work different things on the ship, and I'm sure the rest of the crew would too.\" Jimmy frowned and blinked. He opened his mouth as if to speak but then quickly closed it. It seemed like the first mate's words were getting through to Jimmy. Though it was impossible to know for sure that Jimmy would take these words to heart and refrain from stealing again, it seemed like he was at least listening to what Hayes was saying to him. Hopefully this chat would be enough to show the boy that stealing wasn't necessary, but also that any of his misbehaviors wouldn't result in physical pain. He wanted the kid to respect the ship and its crew. He didn't want himself or any of the other sailors to be a source of fear. \"Can I see your hand?\" Hayes asked again. He knew Jimmy had cut himself earlier, and he was certain that cut hadn't been tended to yet. Jimmy licked his lips and furrowed his brow. His eyes looked like he might be considering doing as Hayes asked, but his body didn't move to comply. Hayes was finding thus far that this boy was much more inclined to cooperate if he was ordered to do something versus if he was asked to do something. Hayes asking him if the first mate could bandage the cut on the boy's hand resulted in silent refusal. So instead of asking again, Hayes decided on a different approach. He climbed the rest of the way into the crow's nest and sat down a foot or so away from the boy. Picking up the gauze he had placed on the floor earlier, Hayes reached out slowly, putting his hand between himself and the boy. \"Let me see your hand.\" He ordered, in a firm but gentle voice. He needed Jimmy to know Hayes meant no harm, but also needed the boy to see the first mate was serious. After a few moments of intense staring, Jimmy finally offered up his hand, slowly, and with a shaking arm. Hayes frowned and took the boy's hand in his own as gently as he could manage. He hated that Jimmy seemed so afraid of him. The first mate had been trying so hard over the past few weeks to prove to the boy that he had no reason to be afraid of anyone on the ship. Wherever he'd come from, whatever he'd had to deal with before, that was over now. Things wouldn't be like that anymore. He wouldn't have to worry about anyone lashing out at him and hurting him. The cut on Jimmy's hand was shallow and much of the blood had dried by now. Nevertheless, Hayes began to carefully wrap the gauze around it. As he did this, he continued speaking, trying to put Jimmy at ease. \"Do you know what the tool you took is, Jimmy?\" Hayes asked, glancing up at the boy's eyes for a moment. Jimmy shook his head. Hayes could see in his eyes that he was watching the sailor's actions very carefully. \"It's called a sextant.\" Hayes explained. \"We use it to keep track of where we are when there's no landmarks to be seen. It would be easy to get lost in the ocean when all the water looks the same, so if we ever aren't quite sure where we've gotten to, we can use the sextant to figure out where we are.\" Hayes glanced at Jimmy's face again when he still heard no response. The boy looked very slightly confused. Finally, much to Mr. Hayes's relief, the kid spoke to him. \"How?\" he asked. Mr. Hayes smiled. \"Well, it's a little complicated at first... but basically, we look for certain stars, and then measure where they are in the sky to tell where we are on the earth. Depending on lots of factors, certain stars will be in different places compared to our location.\" Jimmy frowned. \"The stars move?\" he wondered, looking quite skeptical. \"Well, they seem to.\" Hayes explained as he finished wrapping the gauze around Jimmy's palm. \"To us, it looks like the stars move around, but it's really the earth that's moving. Navigating by the stars is complicated, but very accurate once you remember where certain stars are during certain times of the year and compared to specific locations.\" Jimmy shook his head. \"I always thought I was lookin' at the same stars every night. How do you tell 'em apart? None of 'em look different than the others. It's just a big mess of little dots.\" \"If you study the stars long enough, you can make out patterns and constellations. I can show you.\" Hayes offered. \"The sun's going to be setting soon. When the stars come out tonight, I can point out a couple constellations.\" Jimmy nodded in agreement. \"Can I still stay on the ship?\" He asked in a timid voice, keeping his eyes on Hayes. The first mate nodded. \"Of course you can.\" He answered. \"And if you promise not to steal from anyone else, Englehorn never has to know the sextant left his room.\" He smiled. Jimmy smiled too for a moment, but his smile faded too soon. He looked like he was hiding something still. \"What's wrong?\" Hayes wondered. ... ... ... Looking down, Jimmy hesitated. He focused on his right thigh. The lighter in his pocket didn't stand out like the sextant had. Hayes would probably never knew he took it as long as Jimmy shut up about it. It seemed like the room he'd been in was Englehorn's... If the captain noticed his lighter missing, he'd probably just figure he lost it himself. There was no need for Jimmy to bring that up. Hayes would probably only be patient for so long. Stealing one thing was forgivable... But Jimmy had also stolen a lighter and a cigarette. He'd even smoked that cigarette... How would Hayes deal with that information? The answer of course, was he wouldn't deal with it. Jimmy wouldn't mention it to the first mate. He figured it would be best to just keep that information to himself. He glanced at his other pocket, the one he had torn on accident. Then he frowned again. \"I forgive you, Jimmy.\" Hayes's voice continued in front of him. \"And Englehorn would too, even if we told him the truth. We know you don't mean any harm. You got no reason to feel bad.\" Jimmy looked up. Mr. Hayes was looking right at him, and the man looked sort of worried. Jimmy wondered why he was being so nice. All Jimmy had done on the ship so far was sneak aboard without paying them for a ride, steal their things, use their resources... and he probably had said a few rude remarks to some of them in the beginning... He didn't really remember that first day all too well... He had just been too exhausted and scared. At any rate, he had been nothing but a hindrance and an annoyance. Considering this, Mr. Hayes was doing much more for Jimmy than he should have felt any obligation to. \"You okay now?\" Hayes was still speaking, even though Jimmy continued failing to know what to say. \"Do you think Choy's gonna be mad at me?\" Jimmy finally asked a question that had been nagging in the back of his mind. Hayed narrowed his eyes. \"Why would Choy be mad at you, Jimmy?\" He wondered. Jimmy gestured toward his pocket. \"I borrowed these pants from him. Mine were all wet from the rain, remember?\" \"Ah,\" Hayes nodded. \"I remember. Choy won't mind.\" The first mate promised. \"I guess you haven't spoken with him much. He's probably the friendliest guy on the entire ship. That blood will wash out easy, and he won't mind the little tear. It was just an accident after all.\" Yet again, Jimmy didn't know what to say. He felt so relieved that Mr. Hayes hadn't responded violently or even with loud screaming or threats. The man had basically let him get away with it completely. Of course, he didn't know the whole story, and he took the item Jimmy stole back (the one he knew about anyway...) but he hadn't really seemed all that angry. He watched as Mr. Hayes slowly brought his hand over and placed it lightly on Jimmy's arm. He could tell the man was moving carefully due to Jimmy's previous reaction to such gestures. Jimmy felt kind of dumb now, for flinching away before... He supposed he didn't really need to worry about Mr. Hayes smacking him. The first mate probably wouldn't do that. \"You wanna head back down now?\" Hayes asked. \"Being up here too long makes me sea sick...\" Jimmy looked down at Hayes's hand on his arm and then focused his attention back on the first mate's face. Hayes was smiling slightly, a sort of encouraging smile. If he was telling the truth and being up there really made him feel sea sick, he was probably hoping Jimmy would agree to climb back down with him. \"Okay.\" Jimmy agreed. \"Wouldn't want you, an experienced sailor, to get sea sick.\" He smirked. Hayes laughed. \"Hey now. Lots of sailors get sea sick being up here. You might too if you stayed up here longer. Tends to feel like your swaying a lot more up here than down there.\" \"I feel fine.\" Jimmy shrugged. \"Well, maybe you can be the lookout once your arm heals.\" Mr. Hayes suggested. \"No one else wants to do it.\" Jimmy nodded and felt a wide smile spreading across his face. He liked that idea, the idea of being incorporated into the crew, being a part of the group and doing something useful for them. When Hayes had promised him he could stay, he had meant it... and he'd meant it as long term. He was even planning for Jimmy's future as a part of the crew. Suddenly Jimmy felt a feeling he hadn't felt in a very long time, a feeling of security and belonging. The other sailors probably still saw him as a newcomer who didn't really fit in, but they wouldn't see him that way forever. He was going to become one of them. He was going to fit in here. He was going to actually be able to feel safe in this place, and it was all thanks to Mr. Hayes. Without much thinking, and against everything he normally guarded himself against, Jimmy reached his uninjured arm out toward Mr. Hayes, offering him something no one had offered Jimmy in a very long time, a hug. The first mate looked confused at first, but returned the gesture after a second of hesitation, wrapping his large arms around Jimmy's slender shoulders. Mr. Hayes's grip was secure, but not too tight. Jimmy knew he should break the embrace sooner rather than later. He didn't want to be seen as a weak little child. Yet he felt so safe in the first mate's arms. While he couldn't ever be certain that things in his life would all work out, he truly felt they would this time. xxxxxx THE END xxxxxx Thanks for reading. :) ","Summary":" Stars and Cigarettes Summary: A short tale of Jimmy's first days as a member of the crew on The Ven"},{"Movie":"Evil Dead Army of Darkness","Title":"Familia","Author":"Leviathan2.0","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12512533","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Mierda\" dijo Kelly cuando el vídeo que Ash había puesto en el televisor termino \"¿Esto es en serio?\" \"Por desgracia\" confirmo Ash antes de ver que Pablo estaba blanco como el papel \"¿Te encuentras bien?\" \"Acabo de volver de entre los muertos y me entero de que todo lo que hicimos para parar a esos monstruos ha sido para nada. ¿Como crees que me encuentro, Jefe?\" respondió Pablo, temblando de rabia y miedo al recordar cuando Baal le había cortado por la mitad con los cristales de una ventana. No había sido una experiencia agradable. \"Pues como el culo\" respondió Ash con honestidad, claramente tan cansado de lidiar con los demonios como ellos \"Sin embargo, hay algo más...preocupante que la continuación de la existencia del Necronomicón\" \"¿Como que?\" preguntaron sus compañeros mostrando una mezcla de preocupación y confusión. ¿Que podría ser peor que la amenaza que ese maldito libro representaba solo por existir? \"Ya sabéis que antes de cruzarnos me había trasladado de pueblo en pueblo huyendo de como me miraban en Elk Grove y de la culpa. También sabéis de mi...incapacidad para formar relaciones estables con mujeres pero lo que no os conté es que, una vez, trate de asentarme\" confeso con tristeza. \"¿Que...Que paso?\" cuestiono Kelly, aunque creía que tenia una idea gracias a sus experiencias en los últimos meses. Una mirada rápida a Pablo mostró que estaba pensando en su misma dirección. \"Conocía Sarah Allen en un bar, como a la mayoría de mis citas. Hablamos y, dado que por aquel entonces había logrado una casa más permanente que mi caravana y mantenido mi empleo por seis meses, decidí tomármelo más en serio que solo acostarme con ella por una noche. Tras dos años de noviazgo nos casamos y tuvimos dos niños, David y Mia\" explico, sonriendo ante lo que fue uno de los mejores momentos de su vida antes de que su expresión se ensombreciese \"Sin embargo, nunca pude olvidarme de la Cabina y me obsesione con mis sueños de destruir el Necronomicón, dejando de lado a mi familia hasta que, un día, decidí contarle la verdad a Sarah\" \"Ella escapo con nuestros hijos pensando que estaba loco y, a pesar de buscarles por todo el país durante una década, no les volví a ver. Decidiendo que no deseaba arrastrarles en mi venganza, me atreví a pensar que así les protegería de ataques por parte de los demonios pero nunca les olvide y siempre cuestione que habría pasado si todavía estuviesen a mi lado. Obviamente, ese plan ha fallado\" confeso con tristeza, tratando de contener las lagrimas que amenazaban con salir de sus ojos. \"Ella...La chica en el vídeo...¿es Mia?\" pregunto Pablo \"¿Es tu hija?\" \"Eso sospecho. Creo que cuando viajamos en el tiempo y cambiamos el pasado para lograr un futuro ligeramente mejor Baal decidió vengarse de mi a través de mi familia. Tras ver en un periódico noticias sobre una masacre en la zona donde se encontraba la Cabaña decidí investigar y descubrí que alguien la había reconstruido. Cuestionando a la policía descubrí que la sospechosa principal era una chica llamada Mia Allen, de la edad que tendría ahora mi hija, y que su hermano David se encontraba entre las victimas\" confeso mientras su puño se apretaba mostrando lo enfadado que se encontraba por la situación \"Por eso os he llamado. Necesito ayuda para rescatarla del manicomio en el que la han encerrado y asegurar su supervivencia\" \"Ash, se que puede sonar insensible pero...¿no crees que deberías dejar a su familia materna encargarse de esto?\" pregunto Kelly, solo para dar un paso atrás asustada al ver la furia que Ash tenia en sus ojos. \"No tiene abuelos. Su madre sufría demencia y murió poco antes del incidente. Su hermano probablemente fue poseído y ella se vio forzado a matarlo\" revelo Ash, claramente conteniendo sus ganas de romper algo mientras chorros de lagrimas corrían por sus mejillas \"Una de las pocas cosas que hacían que continuase haciendo esto era la esperanza de que estaban a salvo, pero con mi padre muerto ella es lo único que queda de mi familia\" Tras decir esto se puso a sollozar sin control, totalmente superado por la situación. Pasaron unos minutos antes de que notase una mano en cada hombro y levantase sus ojos para ver a sus compañeros, Pablo con un pañuelo que agradeció silenciosamente y Kelly mirándole con simpatía, ya que ella había pasado por una situación similar. \"Yo te ayudare, Jefe\" afirmo Pablo. \" Yo también, Ash\" dijo Kelly \"Aún así debes recordar algo. Mientras tengamos que luchar contra esos monstruos y mucho más tarde, tienes que saber que eres como un tío para mi a pesar de lo irresponsable que eres\" \"...¿Hablas en serio?\" preguntaron ambos hombres con perplejidad. \"Tal vez no estamos relacionados, pero, ¿tras todo lo que pasamos juntos? No somos amigos, somos familia a pesar de estar tan jodidos\" respondió mostrando una sonrisa que Pablo replico y que, tras unos minutos, Ash compartía. Los tres explicaron la situación a la población superviviente de Elk Grove, que recordaban el ataque demoníaco de la anterior linea de tiempo, y recibieron su completo apoyo. Aprovechando que los demonios habían decidido matar a Mia antes de que se convirtiera en algo como Ash la rescataron del manicomio tras eliminar a todos los poseídos en el mismo, incluso si la policía volvió a seguir su pista desde entonces. Les había costado convencerla sobre su relación con Ash, pero una vez que consiguieron una prueba de A.D.N. Mia le había exigido explicaciones. Ash le revelo sus razones para no contactar con ellos y, cuando llegaron a Elk Grove y los locales confirmaron la mayor parte de lo que le habían contado, Mia decidió concederles el beneficio de la duda a sus secuestradores. Meses después Mia se unió oficialmente a la familia tras confesarles que se sentía cómoda junto a su padre y dos nuevos hermanos, dado que por lo menos estaban unidos por un objetivo común y tenían sus ideas claras, a diferencia del desastre que había sido su relación previa con su madre y hermano biológicos. ","Summary":" \"Mierda\" dijo Kelly cuando el vídeo que Ash había puesto en el televisor termino \"¿Esto es en se"},{"Movie":"Evil Dead Army of Darkness","Title":"Shop Smart, Shop S-Mart","Author":"Druid Sorceress","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9593938","Passage":"[Chapter 1] DISCLAIMER: I do not own anything from the realm of Evil Dead. My name is Ash…and I'm starting to hate my job. I find it hard to believe that I was put on this earth to mop up spills, stock shelves, and pretend to be nice to the snot-nosed punks-to-be who mess up everything in my department. It's getting to the point where I wonder if I should have stayed in the 1300s with Sheila and Lord Arthur instead of returning to my time. By the way, I am still the Promised One. Every so often, those nasty Deadites come into my store and I'm the one who is sworn to protect my store…and the world. This role is driving me insane. Just once, I would like to have the Deadite killing passed on to someone else. Ole Red is beginning to lose its color from the countless Deadites she's severed to pieces…my Boomstick isn't looking as good as it used to either. And to make matters worse, it's almost the Christmas season again…groovy…more snot-nosed punks-to-be, crying and whining to their mamas about the latest toys and gadgets they think they are entitled to. Sometimes I wonder what's worse…facing a horde of Deadites on Christmas Eve again or facing screaming children and parents on Boxing Day. It has gotten worse with every passing day…until today. I was at my usual post in the Housewares department, pricing toasters when SHE walked in. I've heard rumors about the new round of staff starting today, but nothing prepared me for the gorgeous, leggy brunette they hired for the Electronics Department. Her name tag said \"Hi…my name is Madison\" and her generous cleavage became the most welcoming sight in a long time. I'm glad our dress code isn't as strict as some places…the lovely ladies are allowed to wear hip hugging, short skirts…groovy. The nerds who work in her department practically fainted when she arrived. Gone were the conversations of the new World of Warcraft Expansion packs and handheld video games. Her appearance alone reduced them to a bumbling pack of kids. After my lengthy drooling session, I resumed my pricing with a smile on my face. Maybe Miss. Madison will help me…alleviate my boredom in the days to come. \"Hey, Ash!\" my friend Colin greeted me as he punched in at the cash register. I grunted in reply as I priced the last shelf of Cuisinart toasters. \"What's on the agenda today?\" Colin asked, leaning against the counter as I stood up slowly. \"Just finished the pricing…I will begin my patrol soon\" I replied, putting my pricing gun underneath the counter and grabbing the Boomstick. Since the last few attacks, my trusty Remington has been part of my uniform. I put the Boomstick in its holster and stole a quick glance at Madison, who was busy looking over the latest flyer. If only she'd bend a little lower when leaning against the counter. \"WILLIAMS!\" yelled a familiar smarmy voice from behind. I cringed and slowly turned around to see my ASS-istant Manager standing there, his usual clipboard in his hands and the usual scowl on his ugly, pig-nosed face. I've seen better looking Deadites. One look at him and I know why some animals eat their young. \"Yes, Mr. Cooper\" I ground out, forcing a smile to my face. He glowered at me with dark, beady eyes that were magnified by his thick glasses. \"Clean up the customer bathrooms right now!\" he growled, glaring at me. I wanted the floor to swallow me up when I noticed Madison staring at me. \"Yes, Mr. Cooper…right away, Mr. Cooper\" I managed to ground out, the smile frozen on my face. God, I hated that guy! \"For God's sake, Williams!\" Mr. Cooper growled, eyeing my gauntlet hand, \"Can't you find a decent prosthetic? This looks like it came from the Dark Ages!\" With that, he walked away, shaking his balding head. My left hand itched to use the Boomstick on him, but I don't want to go to jail. One of these days, I will find a way to get back at him. Until then, I will suck it up and do whatever his ugliness commands. \"It did, shit for brains!\" I muttered under my breath, feeling very humiliated. I focused my gaze on the electronics counter, noticing that Madison was still looking in my direction. I calmed down a little when I saw the look of sympathy on her pretty face. Sighing, I headed to the cleaning supply room in the stockroom and retrieved the janitor's cart. Cleaning the bathrooms is never my usual job, but I never like giving management a reason to fire me, especially before Christmas. I double checked the cart to make sure I had everything I needed and did the walk of shame to the bathrooms near the store entrance. I gazed at the front checkouts, a sad memory of my late girlfriend Linda rearing its ugly head. God, how I miss her. It's been ten years or so since her death and not a day goes by where I don't think of her. She is in a better place now. As I made my way into the men's bathroom, I noticed with unrestrained delight that it was spotless. Even the years-old stains on the urinals were gone. Chuckling to myself, I ventured into the ladies' room (after I knocked first, of course…I AM somewhat of a gentleman) where I noticed the same thing. \"Groovy\" I said happily, smirking as I left the room. I was now able to do my patrols without the Ass Manager harping on me. I returned the cart to its usual area and headed back to the front of the store to begin my Deadite patrol. The store had only been open for an hour and a half, giving any of those bastards plenty of time to come in. As I neared the Electronics department, I unconsciously smoothed my hair back with my metal hand and straightened my uniform. I've already looked like an ass once in front of the sexy angel known as Madison…not going to let that happen again. I slowly made my way over there, my eyes peeled for Deadites…so far so good. The nerds were all occupied with customers, leaving Madison alone at the counter. Her perfectly groomed brows were arched in a cute way as she put together the latest display for the new GPS coming out. I admired her for a long moment until I looked at my watch. Ten o'clock…time for my break. Smiling, I headed down to the staff lounge. I've been here since six in the morning and it's about damn time that I relax. I grabbed an energy drink and a protein bar and paid for them before sitting in my usual spot in the back corner. Even the Promised One needs to eat. As I ate my lunch, Madison came into the lounge. What a breath of fresh air she is. Her legs go on forever and make a nice ass of themselves. Her shoulder length midnight hair brings out the sparkling darkness of her eyes. Her pouty lips make me wish they could be wrapped around…oh shit…she's coming my way. I straightened myself and nervously looked away as she approached my table. Shit, shit, shit…I hope she's not going to complain about my ogling. I was trying to be discreet. I may be the Promised One, but I lack success in the girlfriend department. Most of the ladies I encounter find me to be…weird. A girl would have to be bat-shit-crazy to agree to go out with me. \"Hello\" she said in a heavenly voice \"May I sit with you?\" \"Uh, sure\" I replied in what I hoped was a nonchalant manner. \"My name is Ash…you must be new.\" \"I'm Madison\" she replied, gesturing to the nametag housed near her ample cleavage. \"I work in electronics.\" \"Welcome to the hell on Earth known as S-Mart\" I welcomed her, smiling. \"I hope you will be able to survive the Christmas season\" \"This is just a part time job until I graduate from Michigan State's Business Administration Program\" she replied, twirling a lock of her hair between her slim fingers. \"I'm a Marketing Major.\" I smiled at the mention of my alma mater. \"So, Ash\" she said slowly, almost uncertainly \"I saw how the Assistant Manager was harassing you. What a jerk!\" \"One of these days, someone will teach him a lesson\" I said cryptically. \"He is like that with everybody. Sooner or later he will get fired or something.\" \"So my co-workers told me you fight zombies that come into the store\" She said suddenly, staring at my metal hand. \"Is that true?\" \"Maybe\" \"I think that's cool\" she said, smiling. \"Most people don't believe in that sort of thing.\" \"Then I have a lot of stories to tell you then\" I said wryly, finishing my energy drink. \"Maybe over coffee sometime?\" \"Sure\" she agreed \"I'm available after my shift.\" Groovy. She agreed to go out with me. I wonder what the catch is. Unless faced with Deadites, I'm used to girls turning me down. \"What time are you finished?\" \"Four O'Clock\" \"I will see you at the Starbucks across the lot then\" I stated, smirking. She smiled and stood up. \"By the way\" she said, turning to face me before her departure. \"I hope you found the bathrooms to be satisfactory. I took the liberty in casting a spell to have them cleaned for you.\" I frowned, not sure I heard her correctly. \"What?\" \"I'm a witch\" She then left me there, my jaw hanging open like a dunce. No wonder she readily agreed to go out with me. She's a witch. I should have known. I threw away the empty can and wrapper and slowly trudged back to the Housewares department. Great…a witch. If I manage to piss her off…which I probably will…I will wake up one morning minus my man-parts…or better yet, she'll turn me into a donkey or something. Just my luck. \"Young man\" an elderly lady with snowy white hair suddenly said, interrupting me from my thoughts. \"Where can I find the wet cat food?\" \"Aisle A7 next to the toiletries, m'aam\" I replied, barely looking at her. \"Shop smart, shop S-Mart\" \"I will swallow your soul!\" she suddenly hissed, her mouth filling with black goo. \"You will never survive!\" \"Yo, she bitch\" I growled, pulling out my trusty Remington. \"Say ahhhh, ugly!\" I shoved the barrel of my gun into her open mouth and fired a few shells into her, making her head explode. Black goo and slime flew everywhere as her nasty, wrinkly body fell to the floor. \"Shop smart, shop S-Mart!\" I repeated, sneering at the exploded carcass. Sighing, I put the Boomstick back in the holster and turned towards the stockroom to retrieve the mop and bucket to clean up the mess. Suddenly, I noticed a weird reflection in one of the microwaves and spun around to see the mess taken care of. I looked towards the Electronics department and saw Madison smiling at me. She winked. I winked back. Maybe it would be useful having her around after all. Yeah…and maybe my manhood will grow a few inches. I raised my hand in thanks and she nodded in reply. I guess I will have to take it one day at a time. In the meantime, it wouldn't hurt to get a little action from her. Where was I? Oh yes…I was picturing those luscious lips…those luscious lips meeting mine in a heated, passionate kiss…nummy nummy. \"Hail to the King, baby\" I murmured, smirking. FIN ","Summary":" DISCLAIMER: I do not own anything from the realm of Evil Dead. My name is Ash…and I'm starting to h"},{"Movie":"Evil Dead Army of Darkness","Title":"Lost And Found In Translation","Author":"DesertScribe","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11407578","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Note: I'm reposting this story from my AO3 account. It was originally written for Missy as part of a gift exchange and posted on 4-19-2015. For this story, I'm ignoring the original Evil Dead and only using Evil Dead II and the Director's Cut of Army of Darkness for continuity, for no other reason than I like to think that, this way, Cheryl and the rest of the gang are still alive back in Michigan. Also, everything I know about runes I learned from Wikipedia. Lost And Found In Translation Annie would never know how she managed to hold onto consciousness long enough to finish the incantation, but somehow she did. Despite being in more pain than she had ever previously known, she held on. Ignoring the way the bone dagger piercing through her seemed to pull at her lung with every breath, ignoring the splinters and broken glass pressing against her hands and cheek as she lay on the floor too weak to move, ignoring the roar of the evil made flesh and the answering roar of Ash's chainsaw, Annie held on and spoke the words, not loudly but with perfect enunciation, in order, from memory. She had done it. Her father would have been so proud to know that all those hours spent making her practice her linguistic skills would one day save her life and maybe the whole world. And yet somehow the danger still was not over. The pall of evil which had permeated the place was gone, but though the sound of the trees trying to bash their way into the cabin had ceased, the groaning and cracking of breaking wood and plaster continued, and the wind steadily rose until its howling replaced that of the now vanished giant tree creature. The vortex which had taken the evil back from whence it came would close when it was ready and not a moment before. Maybe, Annie thought, it would be for the best if this place were to be wiped from the map, erasing all traces of the horrors which had occurred within these walls. Ash's shouting had become even more desperate, but there was nothing more Annie could do to help him. She couldn't even open her eyes. The pain of her stab wound was giving way to blessed numbness, and she couldn't hold on any longer. Apparently, neither could Ash. The last thing Annie heard before fully losing consciousness was the sound of Ash's screams vanishing into the distance. The raging winds continued their destruction of the cabin, but Annie was too far gone to notice. \"His last words were, 'Dear God, how do you make it stop?' and then he was just gone, and I blacked out. I'm sorry I can't tell you anything more,\" Annie said, concluding a recounting of events so edited as to have taken almost no time at all to tell to the man and woman sitting at her bedside in the hospital, more than a week later. Ash's parents: his mother displaying the same sharp dark eyes and determined set of her jaw, even while haggard with grief, and his father, not as tall or as handsome as his son, but speaking with a voice that sounded so much like Ash's that it made Annie ache in ways that had nothing to do with the slowly healing hole in her back, though she would definitely blame said hole if anyone noticed the tears that occasionally threatened to spill from her eyes. \"That sounds just like something my boy would say,\" Mr. Williams said, shaking his head sadly. \"Ash was studying to be an engineer, you know. He thought a man could solve any problem in the world if he hit it with the right combination of tools and materials, even a tornado.\" And Annie did nothing to disabuse Ash's father of the notion that his son had died in a freak natural disaster, because according to official reports, that was exactly what had happened. The flashing lightning and swirling debris which accompanied the vortex had been enough to be seen from the road miles away from the cabin, and some passing motorist had found a payphone and called the local fire department about it. The rescue crews reached the site just after dawn, and between the torn-up bridge, the cabin knocked apart until there weren't two boards left nailed together or two stones left sitting on top of each other, all the other surrounding destruction, and body parts (every piece looking human once more, now that the evil had been banished) scattered across the landscape, they instantly declared it all to have been caused by a tornado. Annie did not know if they genuinely thought it had been a tornado or if they suspected there was a darker explanation but refrained from investigating any further for fear of what they might find. Annie did not dispute any of the conclusions the rescue crew presented to her once she was well enough to answer questions. She did not even remind them that the bridge had already been reported as being out the previous evening. If they were willing to so blatantly forget certain facts, then so was she. Annie's own survival had been hailed as a miracle, and she did not dispute that either. The winds had dropped her unconscious body into the sheltered hollow between two fallen trees, and the porous nature of the bone knife embedded in her back had allowed the blood to clot far more quickly than if the blade had been regular steel. She had required multiple surgeries, most of them mercifully carried out before she ever regained consciousness, and multiple types of antibiotics she had never even heard of before in order to quash a potentially nasty infection which had threatened to entrench itself in the wound (probably her own fault for having stabbed Jake in the guts with the knife right before getting stabbed with it herself, but she was not going to tell that to anyone unless specifically asked about it), but the doctors assured her that her lung would have some scarring but not enough to have any noticeable impact on her breathing once it healed, and that she should eventually regain at eighty percent or more of the function of her shoulder if she remained diligent in her physical therapy. And now here she was, trying to talk to Ash's parents, who had driven nonstop from Michigan as soon as they got the news, about the events of their son's last night on earth without mentioning any of the circumstances which had actually contributed to his and everyone else's deaths. Annie wasn't trying to protect herself, aside from her shame at what she had done to Jake. She genuinely believed these people were better off never knowing all the appalling things which their beloved son had been required to do prior to meeting his untimely death, so although Annie could not bring herself to lie through her teeth the way she had with the police, she still ruthlessly edited all the most important facts out of the story until what little truth was left behind might as well have been fiction. \"I wish there was something more I could say, but there isn't much of anything really,\" Annie said starting to shrug, but then the pain in her shoulder reminded her of why that was a bad idea even before she had moved enough to come close to pulling her stitches. \"Chad and I had only just arrived at the cabin when everything started happening, and we didn't have much of an opportunity to talk.\" All of that was technically true if you knew exactly what 'everything' entailed. Annie wished there was some way to tell them more without making either herself or Ash seem deranged. She wished she could tell them that while she had only been able to get to know Ash as a bizarre combination of brash and fear-addled, he had seemed to be a good man underneath it all once she stopped thinking that he had murdered her family, and how he had tried to comfort her after dismembering the demonically reanimated corpse of her mother. \"That's okay, dear,\" Mrs. Williams said. \"We should be leaving soon anyway. We wouldn't want to tire you out after, and we can't stay much longer if we want to get to the crematorium for pick-up before they close.\" \"Crematorium?\" Annie was too shocked to try to sit up, which was just as well. \"You mean they found him after all?\" \"Only his right arm, but at least we can properly say goodbye to part of him. I never thought anything good would ever come from Ash getting arrested for that stupid prank when he was nineteen. It cost him his scholarship and set back his graduation by years because he couldn't go to class full time while working to pay his way, but it meant that his fingerprints were on file when we needed them for identification.\" \"Fate works in mysterious ways sometimes,\" Annie said, trying not to show how relieved she was that they had burned that damn hand beyond any hope of causing more trouble for anyone. She hoped that Ash, wherever he was, knew it had been done and his spirit could rest easier as a result. As soon as she was able, Annie continued her father's work, using her connections, her family name, and her own academic credentials to secure permission to oversee the continuing excavations at Castle Kandar (officially to honor her father's legacy, but really so she could be on hand just in case any other dangerous artifacts turned up), while finishing her own PhD. Once she was officially a 'Dr. Knowby' like her father and grandfather before her, she expanded her area of study to include other ancient cultures of the world, taking a more-than-academic interest in any chthonic myths she could find, because 'once burned, twice shy.' Or maybe it was a case of 'destroy my life once, shame on you; destroy my life twice, shame on me,' with a side of 'that which does not kill me isn't going to get a second chance, you undead bastards,' because those were totally applicable too, even if Annie had felt completely ridiculous the one time she had dared to say them aloud. Some of her colleagues whispered not so quietly behind her back about Annie secretly wanting to transfer to the English department to study comparative literature, but she ignored them, because assholes were assholes the world over, and she had bigger fish to fry of the ancient, malevolent, and possibly cosmically vast variety. In comparison, petty backbiting simply was not worth her time as long as nobody tried to threaten her funding. Years passed, and life went on, and so far Castle Kandar had yet to offer up any other artifacts more dangerous than piles of rusting broken weapons. Annie would have been tempted to feel relief at the apparent lack of supernatural threats, if not for the fact that the more they dug, the more signs they found of someone having gotten to the site before them at some point in the past. At first glance, the layers of sediment appeared to be undisturbed, but tiny bits of the modern world kept turning up, a broken modern plastic button here, a fragment of laminated automotive glass there, the crumbling pages of a movie magazine seemingly preserved in the anoxic environment of a centuries old midden heap. It seemed unthinkable that someone could have overlooked such a strange collection of items while doing an otherwise perfect job of erasing any signs of previous excavation, but the only other explanation Annie could think of was that someone was planting these items as the dig progressed in order to sabotage the project. Whether it had happened in the past or was happening in the present, Annie had no way of knowing what items the culprit might have absconded with in the course of their tampering, but there was nothing she could do without evidence of who was responsible for it. Until she discovered that all-important fact, the only thing she could do was cover her ass by thoroughly documenting all irregularities and making sure everyone religiously followed proper excavation procedures. The breakthrough came when Annie started looking into a proposed satellite site that Chad had presented to her father as being potentially related to Castle Kandar. It was out in the middle of nowhere, probably a half day's ride from the castle by horse, in a barren area with no records of ever having had any human habitation, but certain ancient texts had described it as the location where the Promised One had walked into a cave and then used his magic to bring down the mountainside in a great gout of smoke and fire so that he might sleep undisturbed in his Chariot of Death until it was his time to wake and live again. Following the clues, Chad had gone to investigate and found what appeared to be a centuries old and suspiciously well-contained landslide marked with a standing stone with a single large rune, ᚪ, carved into it. They'd all gone to the cabin and everything had gone to hell before her father could secure enough funding to operate a second dig site in tandem with the main castle complex. Annie had considered ignoring it, because without context a single rune could have meant anything. The concept of graffiti had been around longer than the written word. It could have been carved there by some random ancient idiot whose name began with ᚪ or by somebody who happened to really liked oak trees but felt carving a picture of one would be too difficult, so they used the rune with the same meaning instead. They hadn't even done any testing yet to see if it had been done during the same era as when Castle Kandar was inhabited. Also, countless cultures had legends of a king or hero sleeping for centuries in some secluded spot until they were needed by their people again, from King David to King Arthur to Sir Francis Drake, Theseus to Boabdil to Tecumseh to Vlad the Impaler. However, some of the passages describing the Promised One waking and living again sounded uncomfortably like H.P. Lovecraft might have used them as inspiration for his famous line about, \"That is not dead which can eternal lie, And with strange aeons even death may die,\" and since that same story had ended with its protagonist getting \"plunged into the ghoul-peopled blackness of earth's bowels,\" Annie figured the whole thing sounded far too similar to her experience with the Necronomicon to be pure coincidence. In the end, she decided to go alone, so as to minimize the number of deaths should things go wrong like in the cabin. She left behind a large sealed envelope to be opened in the event that she did not return in a timely manner. It was full of as much of an explanation as she could manage, complete with a first page listing all the sorts of things which should never be read aloud, especially not into a recording device, and phonetic transcriptions of the banishing spells only to be used in extreme emergencies. She took with her a tent, a sleeping bag, three changes of clothes, toiletries, a propane camp stove with spare fuel cans, three cigarette lighters and three boxes of waterproof matches, a week's worth of food and water, three lanterns, two cameras, more rolls of film, flashbulbs, and batteries than she cared to count, a hardhat, work gloves, a shovel, a pickax, a regular ax, and a 48\" Fulton wrecking bar. Then she filled up most of the leftover room in her truck with cans of gasoline. She planned to open the (hypothetical) entrance Chad had identified and then do a quick reconnaissance inside. If there was anything there to find, she would touch as little as possible while photographing everything. If nothing looked dangerous, she would bring in the team from Castle Kandar to get started on the official cataloging and preservation. If she turned out to have another Necronomicon or similar on her hands, then she would use the cans of gasoline to burn everything, historical knowledge be damned, and come back with explosives if burning wasn't enough. As an afterthought, she packed rags and glass bottles into the nooks and crannies left within the rest of her gear, because a potential demon hunter never knew when she might need to lob a few Molotov cocktails instead of just pouring a puddle of gasoline and lighting it. Getting into the cave turned out to be unexpectedly easy. Annie would even go as far as to call it suspiciously easy. What she had expected to take days had taken less than an hour. A lot of the stones in the center area of the rockfall were rounded and precariously balanced. A few well-placed applications of the Fulton and she had dislodged enough stones to open a four foot diameter passage into the cave. A common crowbar would have worked just as well, but she had grown fond of the Fulton, both for its versatility and for the fact that its odd rocker-head design bore more than a passing resemblance to an ancient Egyptian was scepter. Considering how magic seemed to work, anything that looked like a symbol of protection could potentially function as a real symbol of protection. She wouldn't bet her life on it working in that regard, but she figured it couldn't hurt to have it either. Besides, over ten pounds of solid steel forged into a good shape for clobbering things was reassuring in its own right. The rest of the stones seemed to be wedged against each other into place and refused to budge even the slightest bit no matter how much leverage she applied, so she shouldn't need to worry about being trapped inside by another accidental rockfall. She had been inside enough tombs to recognize the smell of ancient death, but this cave didn't have any of that. The air inside smelled if not fresh then at least safe, with no hints of the usual trapped gases that would require time to vent before the cave could be entered. The rounded stones must not have formed a tight enough seal to prevent the cave from \"breathing\" with the temperature changes. At worst, it smelled like someone had left a few dirty gym socks in a corner. Annie strapped the sheathed ax to her back, straightened her hardhat, gripped a lantern in one hand and the Fulton in the other, and stepped inside. Aside from spider webs seemingly everywhere and a few long, skinny soot marks in odd places, the interior walls were unadorned. There were no paintings, no carvings, no demonic incantations etched into any surface Annie could see. There were barely even any stalagmites or stalactites. There was no indication that the spider webs were caused by anything but normal-sized spiders with way too much time and not enough bugs to catch. Maybe whoever was tampering with her main dig site had already been here and gone, removing anything of value. Or, maybe a legend was just a legend and Annie had gotten worked up over nothing. There might still be something deeper inside though. The cave passage only extended back a dozen yards or so before disappearing around a corner. It might go on for miles or it might end just a few feet out of sight, and there was only one way to find out which it was. The rear portion of the cave turned out to be even smaller than the front portion. Just past the curve there was a big lump of something which didn't look like a natural stone formation, and then beyond that, the ceiling dropped lower and the walls narrowed until the whole passage tapered down to nothing. The walls back here were just as unadorned as up front, and the spider webs were laid on even thicker. As for the lump, it appeared manmade, but hardly a sarcophagus worthy of myth and legend. With patches of corroding metal here and decaying wood there, it looked more like someone had taken an old sedan, beat it to hell, tore off the roof, then tried to distract from all the damage by covering it with random chunks of iron and broken pieces of lumber, and then left it to sit and gather spider webs for longer than should have been possible given the apparent manufacture year of the car. Or maybe someone could have sealed tens of thousands of spiders inside the cave and achieved this level of coverage in a matter of months? Annie did not know enough about spiders to know if such a theory was feasible, and she was not sure if she wanted to. Cautiously, she approached the pseudo-car. Beneath its thick shroud of spider webs, the interior resembled that of a car as well, and there appeared to be a body in the backseat, which seemed a bit ignominious given such places were more often associated with accidental conception of children by incautious parents-to-be rather than glorious final resting places of heroes. It was the body of a man with unusually long and unkempt hair and beard. From what Annie could see, he appeared well-preserved, practically lifelike. Even if this whole tomb was a sham and a fresh body had been placed here within the past few days, the temperature within the cave was not low enough to provide significant refrigeration and there should have been some visible signs of the early stages of death decomposition, but aside from the awful hair and the lack of any breath moving the cobwebs stretched across his face, he looked as pristine as any dead body Annie had ever seen. That left two possible options. Either the body had been preserved with such toxic chemicals that no bacteria could grow in or on it, as was so often the case with the so-called incorruptible saints, or this was something evil merely pretending to be dead while it waited its chance to wreak havoc upon the world again. Annie had not thought to bring any chemical testing equipment, but option two was easy enough to test. Standing as far back as she could and using the chisel tip of the Fulton, she pierced through the cobweb veil and gently prodded the corpse on the end of its nose. This was not even close to being the proper way to treat a freshly discovered set of human remains at an archaeological site of unknown age, but Annie was not going to put her fingers anywhere near that mouth until she was certain it was not going to bite, and she was not going to turn her back on it either. At first poke the flesh flexed and then returned to its original shape with just the right amount of elasticity when she removed the pressure, just like living human skin and cartilage would, but there was no other response from the corpse. A second poke produced the same result. Annie almost dared to believe that she really was just dealing with an unusually well-preserved corpse. She desperately wanted it to be true. She gave the nose one final gentle poke, just to be sure, at which point the supposed corpse snorted and backhanded the Fulton away from its face with a clang of metal on metal, like it was trying to swat a fly with its gauntlet-covered hand. Annie shrieked, overbalanced backwards, and both she and the Fulton tumbled to the ground with more clanging, this time of metal on stone. Even before she hit the floor, the corpse was sitting bolt upright with a shout of, \"What the hell?!\" like someone whose alarm clock had inexplicably gone off two hours early. The shredded spider webs drifted around its shoulders like the world's thinnest and most useless blanket. Annie groaned as quietly as she could from her place on the ground. Leaving that ax strapped to her back had not been a good idea at all, she wordlessly berated herself. If she lived through the day, she was going to have an ax-handle shaped bruise all up and down her back from where she had landed on top of it. \"God damn it, what now?\" the not-a-corpse muttered while looking around, rubbing the back of its neck in a manner that looked for all the world like massaging soreness out of stiff muscles, and blinking in the dim light of her lantern and the mid-morning sun which was pouring in through the cave entrance and reflecting off the angled stone wall into the rear alcove. Annie knew that voice, even after so many years, because she heard it in her dreams and nightmares far too often to forget, and now that it was vertical and animated, she recognized that face too, even under all that hair. She might have fallen a little in love with that face and that voice over the course of working her way through seemingly all possible permutations of 'what might have been.' And wasn't that a stupid way to react to the memory of a dead man? she thought to herself, yet here he is. Somehow. Maybe . She re-tightened her grip on the Fulton and called, \"Ash?\" His head whipped around, instantly locating her amongst the shadows on the floor. His eyes narrowed, then widened with a look of recognition and surprise. \"Annie?\" he said. \"I thought you were dead.\" \"I could say the same about you,\" she said. She took her eyes off of him for the briefest of moments while she scrambled upright once more, careful to keep the Fulton hidden on the far side of her body, and when she looked back at his again, his shoulders had slumped slightly and he was scanning his surroundings in a vague sort of way, as if the initial shot of adrenaline was wearing off and giving way to confusion. \"I was having the strangest dream,\" he said. \"I dreamed I woke up nearly a century too early and almost shot my great-grandfather in the face because I thought he was another evil copy of me. He turned out to be better than me at almost everything, and his horse kept making fun of me.\" \"You dreamed your great-grandfather had a talking horse?\" she asked, against her better judgement, because this was still most likely all a deadite trick. They had used her mother against her, and they had already used Ash against her too, even before she had developed any kind of feelings for him. She knew that she should not let herself get too involved in the story, because that would risk letting her guard down too much, but she couldn't help it. \"No, the horse just made horse noises,\" Ash said, \"but somehow I knew it was telling me that I looked like a monkey humping a football when I tried to ride. I can ride just fine, thank you very much, but that horse was picky. There were these two hot German blacksmith sisters, though, and they totally dug guys who were good at building stuff,\" his shaggy face split into a grin before he seemed to realize just how close he was to over-sharing in a major way. \"And you probably don't care about my stupid dreams,\" he trailed off lamely. He placed one hand on the driver-side front headrest and the other hand on the rear seatback and began to hoist himself into a standing position. Wait. That wasn't right . When the realization of what exactly was wrong with the picture hit Annie, it almost felt like relief. Got you, you undead bastard , she thought. She stepped forward as if she was about help him climb over the ruins of the car door, but at the last moment gripped the Fulton like a baseball bat, and swung for the bleachers. She stepped too far forward, though, and only managed to catch him across the face with the straight shaft instead of planting the claw right between his eyes. Still, it was enough to send him over backwards into the foot-well of the backseat. She moved in to take a second, better aimed swing, only to find herself staring down the twin dead-black openings of a familiar sawed-off shotgun swinging out over the edge of the car. She dove for the ground, but the shotgun tracked her movement with uncanny accuracy, and the only thing that saved her life was the click-click of first one barrel misfiring and then the other one too, in swift succession. However long this thing had been waiting for her, it hadn't counted on the percussion caps of the shotgun shells degrading with age. There was a moment of silence then rustling and a series of quick rattle-rattle-clunk sounds which could only belong to unsuccessful attempts at starting a chainsaw. An oddly muffled, \"Fuck!\" echoed through the cave. Annie stayed low to the ground and refused to take the bait, because back in the cabin, any time that things had looked like they might be going her way for a change, it had turned out to be a sign that things were definitely not about to go her way. She gently settled the Fulton on the stone floor, being careful not to let it make even the slightest scraping noise, and then she detached the ax from the holster on her back. She was not going to attempt the banishment spells, because in such close quarters doing so would be tantamount to suicide, but good old fashioned dismemberment of the possessed corpse should still do the job. \"C'mon out and I'll make it quick for you, I promise,\" Annie shouted and then scuttled sideways just in time to dodge a thrown rock only slightly smaller than the fist. All she needed was for him to get cocky enough to stick his head up just once, and she should be able to take it off, or at least take off the top part, which should be good enough. \"Do you think I'm going to fall for your garbage just because you're wearing a pretty face?\" came the shouted reply, still muffled. \"It didn't work with Linda, and it barely worked with Sheila, and I'm not going to fall for it again!\" \"Do you think I'm stupid enough to actually let beginner-level head-games make me question which one of us is the human and which one of us the corpse-wearing demon?\" Another dodge to the side, another near miss with a rock, this one slightly smaller than the first. She crab-walked a few more steps then called, \"Just save us both a lot of trouble and skip to the part where you start babbling about swallowing my soul!\" She dodged in the opposite direction this time, and it was a good thing that she did, or she would have stepped straight into the path of the third rock, which was even smaller than the second rock but still could have given her a concussion if it had connected. Either he really didn't have all that many to choose from in there and was running out of good ones fast, or he was trying to lull her into a false sense of security. \"Ha! That's rich coming from the lady who tried to kill me without provocation!\" Another rock sailed through the air, this one the smallest yet and going in the completely wrong direction to boot. \"Oh, yeah, because the undead asshole you're talking to thinking you're too unobservant to notice he has the wrong number of hands compared to the previous time you supposedly met the person he's posing as totally doesn't count as provocation!\" \"Wrong number of-?!\" He cut short his own indignant splutter. \"Aww, crap,\" he sighed. \"Are we really doing what I think we're doing?\" \"Why don't you stop hiding and find out?\" Annie suggested. And he actually listened to her. He rose out of his crouched position in the Oldsmobile's backseat and glowered down at her from behind his mat of hair. His left hand was clamped across the bridge of his nose, trying to stem the flow of blood, if the red seeping between his fingers was any indication. Well, at least that explained why everything he said had been sounding funny. Unfortunately, his right hand was hanging down at his side and continuing to prove that he did indeed have too many hands to be the real Ashley J. Williams, so she took another swing at him. He caught the ax one-handed. \"Dammit, Annie, can you just gimme a minute to explain without you trying to split my skull open?\" She struggled to hold on, but he yanked the ax from her grasp, and tossed it over his shoulder. \"You know, I would probably think this tenacity in going for the kill was sexy, if I didn't seem to always be the one you were using it against.\" \"Save the false flattery and skip to the point. You have until I get my ax back,\" she said then backed out of grabbing range and started carefully walking around the car without taking her eyes off of him. She had seen the grapefruit-sized rock sitting within easy reach on the seat. At least he would need to bend over to get it, which would give her a tiny bit of a head start in getting out of the way, as long as she saw it happen. Instead of going for his weapon though, he let go of his nose and, with bloody fingers, tripped some kind of small switch just below his right wrist, and then gave the gauntlet a sharp twist, causing it to detach and reveal that there was no flesh and blood hand inside of it. \"Oh my god,\" she said. \"Are you happy now?\" \"Oh my god,\" Annie said again, then, \"Can I take a closer look at that?\" \"Only if you promise not to try to kill me with it,\" Ash said, \"because I've already had enough of my own limbs being turned against me to last a lifetime.\" \"I promise,\" Annie said, stepping closer. \"I'm going to hold you to that,\" Ash said. \"If you go back on your word, then it's no more misted nice guy.\" And with that, he dropped the metal gauntlet into her outstretched hands. It wasn't quite body temperature, but it had managed to absorb enough heat through contact with the metal sleeve which was in turn attached to his forearm that it wasn't ice cold either. She could see different rods and springs moving on the back of the hand for each different finger of it that she flexed. \"Oh my god,\" she said yet again. \"Okay, now you're starting to freak me out even more than when you were trying to brain me. At least I've had time to get used to that kind of behavior. I don't recall you being all that impressed with me the last time.\" He shifted from foot to foot. \"Where did you even get this?\" Annie asked as she rotated the thumb through its full range of movement. Then she passed the hand back to Ash, because as amusing as it was to see him suddenly looking so nervous when he had not while they had been trying to kill each other mere moments before, she was not actually trying to torture the man. \"I made it,\" he said, as he twisted it back into place in a single, well-practiced move. \"Well, most of it. I did the design work but got the local blacksmith to do most of the actual construction, because parts fabrication sucks when you're trying to do it one-handed.\" Ash went back to pinching the bridge of his nose with his flesh hand, while he did a quick and complicated set of movements with the metal one which would not have looked out of place on a musician doing warm-ups and then, having satisfied himself that everything was still in good working order, put it behind his back, as if to remove any temptation she might feel towards taking it away from him again. \"I don't see what the big deal is.\" \"That smith's name wouldn't happen to have been Creidhne, would it?\" \"I don't know. Maybe.\" Ash shrugged. \"I just called him, 'Hey, you.' What does it matter?\" \"Creidhne,\" Annie said, \"the mythological smith, one of the three Celtic gods of art, he supposedly built a fully functional silver hand for king Nuada Airgetlám, so he could get around the rule saying that a monarch needed to have a perfectly whole body in order to rule. You may have either met him or personally been the basis for the legend, and you don't care?\" \"Not really, I just wanted to do what I needed to do so their wise man would send me home. I mean, they did offer to make me king, but that would have required living in a place that was basically godforsaken hole for the rest of my life. Speaking of which, if we're done with the whole duel to the death thing, can we get out of here? I don't know about you, but I haven't eaten since the Middle Ages and could really go for a giant plate of French fries, and pizza, and all the other things I thought I might not ever get the chance to have again.\" \"Okay,\" Annie said, \"but we're going to need to get out stories straight.\" Ash's eyes narrowed. \"About what?\" \"About everything eventually,\" Annie said, \"like where you've been for the past five years?\" \"Five years?!\" \"Exactly, please allow me to be the first and hopefully only person to welcome you to 1992.\" She patted his shoulder. \"We'll start small and work our way up to the big questions. First of all, if we're already doing revisionist history, I vote we start pretending that I woke you with a kiss instead of poking you in the face with an oversized piece of steel and then us trying to kill each other. It makes for a much better story.\" \"Even if it's a story we don't plan on telling anyone else?\" \"We have to start somewhere.\" Ash took his hand away from his nose, dabbed at it to test that it had finally stopped bleeding, and when he saw that it had, he gave Annie a smile bright enough to be at odds with the rest of his battered and unkempt appearance. His tongue darted out to lick his lips, and at the moment, it was the only clean looking part of him, but Annie couldn't hold it against him, because in all honesty, they had both been worse. \"In that case,\" he said, his smile stretching even wider, \"I think you should kiss me, just so we can make it more believable.\" \"I would be disappointed if you didn't let me,\" Annie said and realized it was true. She had been too afraid to get close to anyone after what had happened at the cabin, and here was the one man in all the world who she didn't need to hide from or lie to because he already knew exactly what she had been through. Knowing that he would clean up quite nicely once he got a shave and a haircut was a nice bonus too. And he had called her pretty; one mustn't forget that. He wrapped an arm around her waist, and when she showed no signs of protesting, he literally swept her off her feet, dipping her so low that she was practically horizontal, and kissed her long, slow, and smolderingly. Yes, she could definitely get used to this sort of thing. \"Hail to the king under the mountain, baby,\" she said, giggling. He gave her a funny look but didn't protest as she gathered her weapons and finally led him out into the sunlight. As they passed the standing stone, Annie paused to take another look at it, and then burst out laughing. \"What is it now?\" Ash asked warily. \"Nothing important,\" Annie said, \"just realizing that I probably would have given you a warmer welcome if whoever had carved this had gotten it right.\" She traced her finger over the long vertical line, the pair of short lines slanting diagonally down to the right from its top, and the short upswept stroke at the end of the higher of the two. \" This means oak.\" Then she covered the small upstroke with her hand while leaving the rest exposed. \"And this means ash.\" \"Of course it does,\" he snorted. \"Are you going to try to tell me that they named this after me or something?\" \"Not unless you went a lot farther back than 1300ad, but I thought you deserved to know, seeing how much assorted translations have already caused trouble for the both of us.\" He nodded. \"Okay then. Now let's blow this popsicle stand. Not literally though,\" a pause, \"unless you really want to,\" he added when he noticed all the Molotov cocktail materials in the back of her truck, but he did not ask for an explanation, because he if he did not already know the reason then he probably at least suspected. Without further comment, he fished a bag of chocolate chip cookies out of her food supplies and settled into the passenger seat with them, propping his disintegrating boots on the dashboard, and letting Annie drive them back to civilization so they could both start really putting their lives back together. The End ","Summary":" Note: I'm reposting this story from my AO3 account. It was originally written for Missy as part of "},{"Movie":"Evil Dead Army of Darkness","Title":"Cabin In The Woods","Author":"Philip Ellwell","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12885297","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The following is a file currently reopened for investigation as a cold case homicide, due to recent events in Elk Grove, Michigan, and previous incidents believed to be connected to them from Dearborn, Michigan. Beyond speculative interviews and unreliable \"eye witness\" reports, whether these incidents and the diary are truly connected is open to debate. The diary is presented as fiction for this purpose, and is not to be construed are real. These pages are from a diary discovered in the home of Annie Knowby, deceased. Her remains were discovered in a battered cabin in the woods outside Elk Grove, believed murdered. Evidence discovered in the cabin suggest a total of four people were murdered in it, over a one night period. Currently, Ashley J. Williams, a stock boy at a local value store, is being looked at for possible connection to the crimes, but police have been unable to locate his current whereabouts. Among the deceased: Cheryl Williams, aged 19 (Believed), sister to Williams; Local gas station attendant Bobby Jo (sic); Miss Knowby, and her fiance, Edward Getley. What any of them were doing at said cabin in unknown at this time. The Diary of Annie Knowby (Summer 1987) Late Summer If there was anything I could count on in my life, it was my father: he was braver than I ever was, and proudly strode into any ruin or crumbling castle without fear. Me, I held back, meekly watching the gear while Daddy wandered ancient halls and rooms, searching for anything the museums could use. The only time I braved the ruins was during a run into a castle, ruined centuries ago from a battle of unknown origin, which destroyed nearly all of it but the left tower and battlement. In a cellar hallway, hidden behind an iron door, the greatest discovery of my life was made: the long spoken of Book of The Dead, which many didn't even believe was real, and a dagger of human bone. Daddy didn't have much to offer on it: it appeared to be religious, in some horrible way, and the blade was rusted with ancient blood. \"They must have practiced human sacrifice,\" he'd muttered, turning the blade to catch the light. The carved face made me shudder: a screaming skull, the toothless mouth torn wide into a rictus of pain and horror. I couldn't even image looking up to see this blade coming towards me, the face staring into my eyes as it swung down on its fatal arc, again and again... I shivered, shoving these thoughts away. \"Surely it has some worth?\" I asked, as Daddy slid the knife into a protective plastic covering, tucking it away in a satchel. \"Oh, surely... anything from this era is highly prized by museums. With any luck, it's Kandarian in origins.\" \"Kandarian?\" I hadn't heard that term before. \"A sort of religious sect... we honestly don't have all that much on them. Something about a knight clan, and a demon fairy tale they loved telling in legends.\" He shrugged. \"We could use the money, Annie... you know that-\" \"Yes, I know, Daddy,\" I interrupted. We could use that kind of money... greatly. For Mama... No, can't think of that right now. Mama was better right now, lucid and happy. She'd waited outside as we'd explored, the guide saying it wasn't safe for her. I'd taken him aside before we left the camp to explain to him about Mama, about her memory issues, and how easily confused she became. He'd lied to her softly, claiming the ruins structurally unsound, and suggesting she stay in the car. We'd be fine, of course, but better safe than sorry. Mama had believed it, of course... she believed anything she was told. June The dagger was nearly worthless: as a human sacrifice dagger, many refused to look at it, period, with only one museum considering it before discovering it was Kandarian in origin. I'd asked why, but they wouldn't explain, exactly, merely telling me they didn't take artifacts from that era. The book, on the other hand, many gladly considered taking: The Book of The Dead, Necronomicon Ex-Mortis, was a treasured artifact. It was bound is human skin, written in blood. It tells of funeral rites and arcane rituals, making it the rarest book in history, as only one was ever created. An fantastic artifact. Daddy keeps looking at it. I wish he wouldn't. It unnerves me so much... Late June Daddy has sprung a surprise on us: a trip to our summer cabin in the forest. It's a bit of a drive, and we haven't been there in years, but getting away from it all would be nice. Mama is well: the doctor has said the fresh air would help, and she recalled my name last night, after forgetting it. She kept talking about the night I was born, and insisted it had snowed. I was born in the summer. June 17th The vacation has been postponed until next month, but I wish we could go now. Mama has been so tense lately, forgetting everything, calling me \"Ruby\" constantly. I'm so worried. This isn't fair. Damn whatever would allow this disease to claim her memory. June 30th So much has happened: I've left home on a hunch, with nothing but a call from a man to go on... a man in Dearborn, a few towns over. He claims to have found the pages Daddy was complaining about before, missing from the main text of the Necronomicon. They concluded the rite for resurrection, as well as a warning. Translating such a dead language was difficult, but Daddy had made enough connections to do so, working on a tape of the written words for the archaeology department. Phonetic only, so far, in Latin, the only language close enough to it. I didn't like it. I didn't like Daddy spending so much time on the book, on the translation. Those missing pages had sent him into a rage like nothing I'd ever seen before, yelling and screaming, his fists shattering a family portrait. Mama only watched, rocking happily by the fire, almost blissfully unaware of it all. The second expedition came up with nothing... the castle is empty. Plundered of all it's worth. So I'm going to Dearborn, to find the man. He said for me to meet him in a bar, of all places. Not exactly professional, but what can you do about this kind of thing? July 4th The drive to Dearborn took three days, the town small, rustic. The bar was small and dark, with thick glass in the windows, preventing much light. The glasses were cloudy plastic, and leaked somewhat. It was a place I wouldn't normally be caught dead in, unless it was business. The man wouldn't give me his name, coming in a cloak like something in a spy caper. It was all so stupid, but I got the pages from it. Thick parchment, ink faded to a dull brown, the pages were locked in a glass case, safe from fingerprints or air damage. The man gave me a nod, and left as I was pulling my purse out from under the booth. I stood, calling, but he left without another word, unpaid. The check is still in my purse, should I need money for travel. I feel awful about it, but he really did refuse it, didn't even look back at my call! Someone should use it. July 8th Not back on solid ground, like I'd hoped, but air born. Edward...Ed...called me from New York, wanting to come visit. I admit I sounded like a school girl on the phone: Ed does that to me. Just remembering we were going to be married... oh. But, to business: I couldn't have told him about the pages, and the man in the bar, so I made up a fib about finally finding the pages on a new search of the castle. I was feeling cheeky enough to tease with a telegram, hinting Daddy had found something. \"That sounds really strange... you sure you should be messing around with this crap, Annie?\" His voice was worried. \"Castles and ancient ruins...\" \"I'm a big girl, Ed... I can handle myself,\" I'd chuckled. Oh, the plane is getting ready to land, the seat belt light came on. I'm so excited to see Ed again, and to have him meet Mama and Daddy. They went on to the cabin without me, and would meet me there. It's going to be a lovely weekend, I just know it. Maybe I'll finally beat Daddy in chess. ","Summary":" The following is a file currently reopened for investigation as a cold case homicide, due to recent"},{"Movie":"Evil Dead Army of Darkness","Title":"Hail to the King","Author":"Invaderdoom78","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11825078","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Watch your tongues or have them cut from your heads\" Ash said to himself as he walked along the pathway of the outer walls of the castle \"save your lives by keeping whispers unsaid\" Looking down he saw the people held within the walls as children roamed the streets now orphans of war, the bodies hanging in the street to adore. Shaking his head he looked out into the fields around the castle watching the flames carve the path to chaos bringing daylight to the night. \"Listen up everybody!\" Ash yelled out getting the attention of everyone within ear shot\" death is riding in the town with armor and we need to be ready. I want all of you to gather everything you can find and bring them here so everybody has somethin' to defend themselves with. Blood'll be spilled while holding keys to the throne and there'll be no mercy from the edge of their blades\" \"Let the water throw it's shades of red now\" Lord Arthur called out raising his sword in the air \"arrows will black out all the light. Death is rotting into town with armor and we will fight to our last breaths\" \"There's a taste of fear\" Ash said as he and Arthur continued their walk around the castle walls \"when the henchmen call\" raising his prosthetic metal hand closed it into a fist \"iron fist to tame them. Iron fist to claim it all\" stopping he turned to look out at the fields once again and saw the deadite army emerging from behind the hill \"hail to the king, hail to the one. Kneel to the crown, stand in the sun. Hail to the king!\" ","Summary":" \"Watch your tongues or have them cut from your heads\" Ash said to himself as he walked along the "},{"Movie":"Evil Dead Army of Darkness","Title":"Evil Dead: Rebirth","Author":"Cwonnor","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9106257","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Riley Benson stood at the door of her high school and dropped her book bag to the ground. She sighed and checked the time on her iPhone again. 2:30 the phone read. The guys should just now be getting out, so I probably have like another ten minutes, she thought. Deciding that standing for another ten minutes was not worth the effort, she sat down on the edge of the fountain. The school she went to, Springlake Christian Academy, was situated in the middle of nowhere. The only way you could tell it was a school and not a church (which it was used for, occasionally) was by the gigantic fountain that sat in the courtyard. Situated in the middle of it was a black, roaring panther. Riley found it quite tacky, but it was better than being at her last school. A text blurbed on her phone and she picked it up. Avery, one of her former classmates had texted her, \"OTW, be ready.\" As she read the text, a thought popped into her mind: where was Katelyn? She'd been in English and in Pre-Cal, but after that she hadn't seen her. Riley hoped she'd show up, because the guys were not going to wait on her. They'd been waiting for months to go to the cabin in the woods, and now that they finally were, they were not going to wait on anything. Opening the pictures folder on her phone, she sifted and scrolled through the dozens of selfies, saved photos, and instagram pictures until she found the photo she had been searching for. The picture of the cabin. It was located in the hills of Tennessee, so it would take about five hours to get there. The cabin was new and pristine and had two stories. It was charming and quaint and Riley knew that the weekend would be perfect. Apparently, there had been some sort of murders near where they were, but the cabin it had happened it had been demolished years ago. Still, it gave Riley the creeps thinking about it. Surely nothing like that would happen nowadays. She shook the thought out of her head as she heard steps coming from behind. Katelyn smiled and waved at Riley as she adjusted her gray North Face jacket. Hair having been straightened, it fluttered in the wind with regality. Riley snickered a little when Katelyn stumbled as she walked, but then stopped when Katelyn came closer. \"Where are the guys? I thought they'd be here by now,\" Katelyn said, putting on some of her chapstick. \"They just got out of school, so I'll give them like five more minutes, then I'm driving to their school to find them,\" Riley told her. Katelyn sighed and opened the Twitter app on her phone, scrolling through the countless parody accounts before she turned to Riley and said, \"You don't think it's gonna suck, do you?\" \"What the cabin trip? No, why?\" \"Well, it's just that, I don't know, things always seem to screw up whenever we make plans. It's either something goes wrong, or someone gets pissed. I'm just really hoping for something…fun. For once I'd like to get out of this freakin' town and just chill.\" \"Katelyn, don't worry, once we leave Laurinburg we'll be away from all of these hicks and we'll be into a week's worth of chill time.\" Riley told her, smiling. Katelyn smiled back and adjusted the shoulder strap of her purse. The roar of an engine caused them both to jump and look up. A red headed boy with rectangle framed glasses peered rolled down a window and shouted, \"Get in losers, we need to get going!\" Riley and Katelyn both hopped up and opened the back of the SUV and tossed their stuff in. Quickly shutting it, they both jumped into the backseats, beside two boys, Jackson and Jamie. Another guy, Avery, sat in the trunk, trying to lift Riley's book bag and suitcase off of himself. \"Jeez, did you not see me?!\" Avery asked, straining to lift the luggage. Riley laughed, \"Sorry, Avery, I didn't see you!\" Katelyn snickered and pushed a piece of gum into her mouth. Jamie and Jackson pushed the bags off of Avery while Richie, who sat in the passenger seat, turned the music up. \"Who's ready to go to Tennessee?!\" Connor shouted as he floored the gas. The car shot forward, screeching as he turned out of the parking lot. The car sped down the country road, with the entire car singing \"Bohemian Rhpasody\". \" …no escape from reality! Open your eyes, look up to the skies and seeeee!\" Riley turned to Katelyn and said, \"See, this week will rock! You just wait!\" How wrong she was. ","Summary":" Riley Benson stood at the door of her high school and dropped her book bag to the ground. She sighe"},{"Movie":"Evil Dead Army of Darkness","Title":"The Reeve Chronicles Chapter 2: Through Darkness","Author":"The Writer Of EP1C Fanfic","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9721116","Passage":"[Chapter 1] TRC CHAPTER 2:Through darkness Me and the squad were given instructions to find a kidnapped child named Heine (Jaihne's little brother), but so far no avail.\"If we don't find that kid, Jaihne's gonna kill us!\"Alice said in joking manner.\"True, true. \"Said Colin and I as we examined the map we were given, then wind blew the map away.\"What the fu-. \"We were cut off by the sounds of gunfire and a chainsaw. A man burst out the cabin while being chased by things he called a 'deadites' we helped him finish them off and we introduced ourselves. \"I'm CC Alice, Alice Payne.\" She said. \"PC I'm Colin O'Donoghue.\" \"I'm Commissioner Reeve Bronson.\"Sup, the Name's Ash, Ash Williams. Now tell me what you're doing out here?\" \"I know you, you're a legend back at the S-mart, you worked there and then you got lost out here and killed all of your friends that went evil.\" \"That's me.\" He boasted. \"We came here looking for a little boy named Heine, have you seen him around?\" Alice asked in a concerned tone. \"Sorry little lady, but I've only seen two things out here, jack and shit and jack' skipped town.\" Ash said, while holstering his double-barrel shotgun and switching off his chainsaw. \"Damn it!\" we all shouted. \"Ash, we need your help, Heine was abducted by a flying deadite for some kind of evil ritual.\" I said desperately. \"No problem,\" Ash said while reaching for his keys,\" But I'm driving.\" We nodded our heads and put our gear in the trunk where something caught my eye. \"It's a Playboy, Ash you dog, you!\" me and Colin started giggling as we flipped through the nudie magazine, Alice cleared her throat.\"Can you please stop staring at some babe's boobs? We have more pressing matters to deal with.\" She yelled. \"Yes ma'am.\" We said, and placed the Playboy back in the trunk. We drove back to town in Ash's Oldsmobile 64 delta (a beauty of a car if I do say so myself). We searched all over town in places like the S-mart, Burger King, the Library, the nightclub and hell even the sewers and we still couldn't find him. All of a sudden, a flying deadite came from the mountain range and said this in an evil: \"You shall never get the necronomicon!\" \"Were not looking for that you jackass!\" Alice shouted (one of the things I loved about Alice, She always had a way with words). \"We've lost our precious Heinie.\" Alice announced, while Ash, Colin and I laugh our asses of in the background. \"Oh, well we have the boy and we are going to sacrifice him tonight, and you can't save him!\" the creature said mockingly. \"Like hell we can't!\" I roared. I grabbed my sidearm (a Glock 17) and shot it with a tracker; the demon screeched like a bitch and flew a way. \"Fuck Yeah, that's how it's done.\" I proclaimed. We follow the creature to a cave in the mountains filled with tribal engravings, we grabbed our weapons and killed every deadite in the room (well, cave). We saved heinie and went out for dinner at the restaurant called Cafe Ole and the deeds were done (we got paid $10000) and ash left to go and relax back at his apartment, wondering if he'll ever be a real boy(oops wrong story) i mean he wondered he'll ever live a normal life... This has been TRC Chapter 2, more on this story as it develops ","Summary":" TRC CHAPTER 2:Through darkness Me and the squad were given instructions to find a kidnapped child n"},{"Movie":"Evil Dead Army of Darkness","Title":"Evil Dead: New Dawn","Author":"MarcusRomeroFanHorror","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10880676","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Prologue On a cool, damp and rainy afternoon, an evil arose from the ground, hungry, angry, restless…. The thing grunted, rising above the wet leaves and grass, I'm hungry the rotten thing bellowed, it then started to glide over the wet muck, screaming angry groans of displeasure, suddenly the dastardly evil heard the patter of wheels, more souls the miserable, no good entity roared. It roamed up the hill quickly, yelling and lurching with grim delight as the sound of rolling tires drew near, the demonic evil gleefully looked over the horizon of the hill, it saw a Cadillac Escalade rolling up the road its dinner time the blasphemous apparition said cackling a haggardly, sinister guffaw. \"Dane, are you sure we're going the right way?\" a raven haired girl asked, a thin eyebrow rose. \"Erin look I can't here the damn GPS, so shut the fuck up\" Dane answered annoyed. In 1.2 kilometers turn right, then turn left the GPS chimed. Dane and Erin Ronsonberg are half-brother and sister, different fathers same mother. The siblings were on their way to a secluded cabin in the woods of Tennessee along with their friends Travis Smith and Tamara \"Tammy\" Puentes, but the weekend was going to be one the group would never forget…. ","Summary":" Prologue On a cool, damp and rainy afternoon, an evil arose from the ground, hungry, angry, restles"},{"Movie":"Evil Dead Army of Darkness","Title":"The Evil Dead FF: Dead as a Deadite","Author":"The Writer Of EP1C Fanfic","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9739888","Passage":"[Chapter 1] We had rented out a seemingly harmless, old cabin in the woods. Our judgement was way off. The place was a complete nightmare. There were large,bloodstained holes in the walls, the bathroom door was destroyed and the smell of death hung in the air. \"Oh, well this is just super! Great choice Ash!\" scoffed Mia.\" Hey, the pictures made it look like a palace,so don't yell at me!\"retorted Ash, in an attempt to seem innocent.\"Oh, hell no! Ash, there's nasty ass book on the table that looks like it's made of rawhide and it smells like old fish.\" exclaimed Dashiki (from the island of Waikiki ). We unpacked our bags and prepared to spend the night, when something caught my eye. It was an old voice recorder,probably left over here from the old scientist Dr. Annouby who was researching some old book . \"Let's hear what's on the tape.\" I said while plugging in the device. The tape began to play and said the following: \"I am Dr Annouby, and these are my recorded studies of my research of my findings. I have discovered the legendary \"Necronomicon Ex-Mortis\" which translates as the book of the dead in Sumerian. I have began reading a passage from the book which reads as follows: Klaatu, verada nikktu...\" As the the verse continued I heard a strange sound approaching the cabin and felt a strange presence as the sound got louder and closer by the second.\"Turn it off,please!\" pleaded Dashiki.\"I can't, the switch is jammed.\"I said while trying to switch of the tape as the sound got even louder. All of a sudden the tape stopped, but the noise was still increasing and then a mysterious being broke through the window and knocked out Steven. He lay there, motionless for five minutes. He then suddenly sprung to his feet and began to hover near the ceiling.\"He is one of us now and we feast upon his weak soul!\" IT said in a demonic tone. Ash grabbed the Remington 870 that was above the fire place and blasted the creature out of existence. The girls screamed and began crying. I tried comforting them. Ash went to get weapons from the shed and came back with a chainsaw attached on his stump. He gave me an ax , Dashiki had a Cleaver and Mia used a crowbar. We got back in Ash's car and headed for the bridge. The bridge was mangled and unusable. We then remembered there was a path through an old cemetery. We proceeded down the long dark path and like a bolt from the blue a pair of corpses rose from their graves. Mia bashed the shorter one's head in and I shot the bigger one with my 44. magnum. As we trekked further, we encountered more deadites along the way. Soon there were too many for us to handle so we doubled back to get the Oldsmobile. We ran over those who were in our way and we finally reached the road on the other side and drove back into town. We all vowed to never go back to the cabin again. The end...? ","Summary":" We had rented out a seemingly harmless, old cabin in the woods. Our judgement was way off. The plac"},{"Movie":"Evil Dead Army of Darkness","Title":"When the Dead Comes Knocking, AGAIN!","Author":"M.R. Larcen","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8875870","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ashley a man in his mid 40's, sits in the living room of his ranch house in California. The house is dimly lit by a broken down desk lamp sitting on a small table in the corner. The room in shambles, decorated poorly with pictures on the wall not lined up properly. Various disregarded food containers lay around the room in a mess around an old brown leather recliner. The sounds of the television can be heard faintly in the background as we see our hero in the reclining chair, eyes closed, sleeping. The replay of 10 O'clock news is playing on the television, talking about a recent fire happening downtown. Suddenly there is a loud knock on the door, and our hero jumps up out of his chair. \"What the-? Who?\" Ash said as he cleaned the crust out of his eyes. Another knocking sound came from the door. \"Yeah, yeah, I'm coming keep your pants on.\" Ash barked as he staggered to the door, opening it. The door slowly creaked open and a foul stench flooded into the room, Ash threw up an arm to cover his nose, \"Wow someone missed Saturday night bath tim-\". Ash did not finish his sentence, because what he saw was something he had not seen in a while, something he was hoping he would never see again. Inside the doorway was a long clawed, pasty skinned, white eyed drooling undead. \"Let me guess, you are here to sell me Girl Scout cookies?\" Ash croaked out, \"Well NOT interested.\" He finished as he slammed the door in the face of the undead and quickly dove across the room behind his recliner. BAM BAM , Ash heard as he peered over his recliner looking at the door. \"Crap.\", Ash said to himself as he franticly looks around the room for a weapon. BAM BAM the door burst into two pieces and flew off its hinges. The foul smelling beast stepped inside scanning the room for our would-be hero, as its solid white eyes focused on the recliner. \"YOU CAN NEVER DEFEAT US, THAT WHAT IS DEAD NEVER CAN DIE!\" The beast scream as it ran towards the recliner, but was stopped dead in its tracks as the double barrel of a cold steeled shotgun was plugged up against its face. \"Hey, its 10 O'clock, do you know where your brains are?\" Ash said with a smirk as the creature just stood there with a confused look on its face. BANG The shotgun went off in the face of the undead as its head blew into a million pieces and its body dropped like a sack of potatoes on the floor. \"I would say, all over the floor now.\" Ash said as he laid the gun over his shoulder looking down proudly at the mess on the floor. \"Gotta bury another one...\" Ash said as he looked out the window of his small house into the backyard where four other wooden make-shift crosses stick out of the ground, \"That's the fifth one this month…\". Ash dragged the body outside and quickly spent the night burying the headless corpse in the ground next to the others. Finally just before day light he shoved the wooden cross into the ground. With a crimpled look on his face, he scratched his head looking up into the sky. Ash pulled the cross up out of the ground and slammed it back down looking again up into the dark quiet sky but Nothing happened. Ash shrugged as he walked across his backyard towards his house, giving one quick glance back into the dark night sky. Ash didn't have a large backyard; it was of the average size, so it only took a few moments as he gathered up the equipment heading back towards the tool shed. CRACK The sky lit up as a streak of lightning flashed in the sky above our hero. \"Took you long enough\" Ash mumbled as he opened the door placing the shovels back inside the shed. A quiet scrap is heard against the ground as Ash pauses and turns around slowly looking towards his small graveyard of sorts. Ash smiled as he saw everything was in order, all four little crosses still upright in the ground just as he left it. Ash smiled as he turned around to lock up the shed, he suddenly stopped right in the middle. \"Wait... a... minute, there was five cros-\" Ash slowly said as he turned around only to come face to face with the big ugly. The creature growled and snarled at Ash punching him the gut then kicking him in the face. \"OOFMPH\" Ash screamed out as he flew into the air backwards. The undead stood there for a moment laughing before it groaned out, \"YOU SHALL NEVER PROTECT THE HORN. YOU SHALL DIE!\" Ash wiped the blood off the corner of his mouth slowly standing up, \"Man… the ugly stick must have hit you hard.\" The creature snarled and then looked towards a window in a house, then ran towards it diving through the window. \"Gee, was it something I said?\" Ash said with a half smile, as he soon realized that the reason the thing dove into the house was because the horn of summoning was in the house. \"DAMMIT!\", Ash said as he slammed his fist into his iron one running towards the house and through the open backdoor. Ash quickly grabbed his shotgun and then found his trusty chainsaw in the utility closet. \"Hope this baby still works…\" Ash mumbled as he sped towards the study. Ash entered the study only to see the beast clawing at a safe in the wall that apparently holds the horn. \"Ma'am, I think your books are overdue…\" Ash stated as he raised his shotgun towards the beast. The best growl and then ripped the safe cover off the wall, and inside was the Horn of Summoning in all its glory. Ash flinched as the safe cover came close to hitting him. He then stood up proud, shotgun ready, \"I'm sorry the bookstore is closed today, please do come back tomorrow during normal shopping hours.\" Then pulled the trigger of his shotgun pointed at the beast. CLICK Ash looked confused as he realized he ran out of ammo. The beast grinned and then laughed as it turned around grabbing the horn. Ash quickly started loading his gun as the beast pulled out a small tiny potion like bottle, dropping a few drops on the horn and quickly blowing into it. \"Oh no you don't\", Ash said as he blasted the beast into the wall with a roundhouse kick followed by a smash to the head with the butt of his shotgun. Ash slowly lowered the gun to the things head, \"Sorry. It's closing time.\" BAM Undead guts all over the wall. Sanding there smiling in all his glory with a confused look on his face was Ash, as he watched the horn started to twitch and then jump around wildly. The sky started to get dark outside as if a bad storm was about to happen. \"Not again…\" Ash whispered as he looked around in horror. Storm picked up, the wind blew smashing the windows, and started ripping the house apart. Ash held onto the bookshelf but it wasn't enough, it started dragging him out. The horn went flying, too fast for Ash to grab. He watched it float up into the sky into a wind swirl. \"Ah shit, another stupid portal hole…\" Ash said as his grip on the bookshelf gave way and Ash went flying into the swirl. ","Summary":" Ashley a man in his mid 40's, sits in the living room of his ranch house in California. The house i"},{"Movie":"Evil Dead Army of Darkness","Title":"The Evil Dead","Author":"Ash J Williams","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7250874","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Prologue Its early in the morning and the sun has just begun to rise on a lonely highway road. There is nothing around but miles of tress that surrounds the road in every direction. The only thing that's remotely unusual about this road is the beat up station wagon driving at a steady pace of 80 miles an hour. The wagon has smoke coming from the engine and dents all over it, it seems like a miracle that the vehicle can even start, let alone be drive able. But if you take a closer look at the man driving it, you would realize that it's no miracle that's keeping this car going it's him. The man driving has just been through hell and back, he's seen things that would send you home crying for your mommy, and he has saved this world more then once. So he refuses to let himself be done in by some piece of shit station wagon. The man is in rough shape, he's got minor cuts that cover him from head to toe and has a big gash across his face. He's wearing a black old looking leather jacket that has rips and tears all through it, underneath the jacket he wears an undershirt that was once white the day before, but has now become stained in a coat of blood. Looking down at the steering wheel you would see the man's hands or I should say hand. His left hand is in bad shape, its missing the middle finger and has been wrapped with a piece of his shirt in order to stop the bleeding. The man's other hand has been replaced with some kind of robotic armored glove that could crush your skull like a grape. Beside the man in the passenger seat lays a double barrel shotgun shining from the gaze of the morning sun. If you were to take a peek in the backseat you would see two things of interest. One is the cooler containing the man's missing finger, and the other would be the deadly looking chain saw soaked in fresh blood. This metal beast sitting in the backseat of the station wagon has saved the man's life on many occasions and in a way has become a side kick for the hero of this story. Now fellow reader I know what you're asking yourself, who is this nameless hero I speak of? His name is Ashley J. Williams and he is the chosen one . ","Summary":" Prologue Its early in the morning and the sun has just begun to rise on a lonely highway road. Ther"},{"Movie":"Evil Dead Army of Darkness","Title":"Maiden of Kandar","Author":"Mochas 'N Mayhem","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7378050","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Maiden of Kandar Author: Koohii Cafe Rating: K Fandom: Evil Dead Disclaimer: Since I am a poor chickadee with no wealth to speak of, I think it's safe to say that Evil Dead is not mine. ^^; Written for: Missy Summary: He would never know it, but Ash Williams owed his life to a woman who would die centuries before he ever awakened from his enchanted slumber. Maiden of Kandar Her name was Ashley Von Lichtenstein, a noblewoman of Kandar, daughter of the lord William Von Lichtenstein and his lady Sheila, and she was perhaps the least noble of all the courts' women- or at least that was what was said in tittering whispers of rumors in the court. A lovely young woman, at least when she wished to be, she bore all the looks of her mother, and none of her father; dark curled locks that fell in cascades down her back, wide eyes the color of a deep brown amber, a delicate frame to her lithe body that belied her true strength… No, hers was a dark beauty, a far cry from the light blondes and blues of her foreign father and his family, and a beauty that had earned her mocking as a child, in the halls of his home so far from Kandar. Many said that it was that initial spurning of her father's court that led Ashley to become the woman she had grown to be; unable to be a lady with the other young girls her age, she instead rebelled. Many others said that it was not the spurning of her peers that etched the young girl's fate to be so far from what it should have been, but her mother's influence. Indeed, her mother had once been the perfect noblewoman herself, before Kandar was struck with the horrible affliction of the Deadites that so laid waste to the once proud land. By the time she was wed to the Lord Von Lichtenstein, she had become a changed woman. Always a feisty woman, she became more so after the Deadite plague, her temper fiery and dangerous to behold when wronged, and she even dared to learn herself in the art of the sword and shield as she distanced herself from the court. The nobles of Kandar had been amazed when her marriage to the Lord Von Lichtenstein had been announced, that any man would have the self proclaimed maiden of the shield. It was obvious, many whispered, that the child Ashley had been afflicted with the same madness of her mother. Still others held to a theory that was popular in her father's court, although it was not one to be mentioned in the lands of Kandar; the girl had been named for a legendary hero of Kandar, and there were those who believed that she had been forever poisoned by the stories she had been told of that hero as a child. After all, she had grown up inundated in the retellings of the Promised One's deeds, given to her by her mother. For the girl to have heard only these stories as she grew, rather than more the more sedate and appropriate stories of court ladies she should have been told, surely had twisted her mind and her wits into the parody of a lady she had become. This was especially thought to be the case by those who doubted the truthfulness of the great stories of the Promised One her mother had relayed; while it was true that Kandar had fallen under the curse of the Deadites in the past, none outside of Kandar and its closest ally had ever seen proof of the Promised One's existence. Whatever the reason for her deformation of nobility, Ashley Von Lichtenstein was as little a lady as a woman could possibly be- and that was the saving grace that allowed her to save the life of the man for whom she had been named. Influenced surely by her mother, Ashley bore the title of shield maiden, for she was well schooled in the art of combat, of the shield, the sword, and of more weaponry than many of the young knights of her father's home. Some she had learned as a child, taught by the Lady Sheila, and much of it she had learned in the courts of Kandar, instructed by those who had trained with the Promised One himself during the battle against the Deadites. She had been tested not only by her tutors, but also by the fire of combat itself, in battle against one of the rare demons that still roamed the lands. By the age of sixteen, Ashley had begun to join the hunt for the few Deadites left, to forever rid the land of the demon threat. It was during one such hunt, separated from the knights with which she rode in the search, that the young warrior came upon what she would later remember as one of the greatest moments of her life. Their party tracked a Deadite that had been sighted in one of Kandar's small villages, and driven off briefly by the villagers. The trail had lead definitively for a good while outside of the village, but at a thick knot of trees in the wood, it all but disappeared, even to the eyes of their best tracker. With the need to split apart and cover more ground apparent, Ashley found herself searching alone in a port of the wood when she finally caught sight of the thing; it was running reckless through the trees, heading for the edge of the forest and toward what looked like the outside of a collapsed cave. \" Halt !\" Her voice was fearless, as she always was, for these dreadful demons held no sway over her heart. She was the daughter of the Lord and Lady Von Lichtenstein, named for the hero of Kandar, the Promised One; Ashley would let no fell creature besmirch her honor. The Deadite responded to her command with an ear splitting screech, turning to look upon her with a deathly glare upon its decaying and deformed face, before it wrenched around to shamble again toward the entrance of the cave. Its speed belied its rotting form, and even as Ashley dug her heels into the flank of her steed to spur it forward, the demon reached the collapsed rocks, and began to dig. Her mount was swift, the offspring of the horse which had once born the Promised One upon his historic quest, and in the time it took the shield maiden to draw her sword, they were upon the Deadite. The dark haired warrior swung from the horse with a deadly arc of her blade that sliced effortlessly through the back of the demon, drawing a shriek from it as it threw one of the boulders it had freed from the mountain front in her direction. As she was forced to whirl back in defense, it turned yet again to the collapsed cave, digging with putrid, puss covered hands at the rock; it was determined to free whatever lie beyond that rock, in the cave within, and she was just as determined to disallow it to uncover it. \"Turn and face me as a man,\" she growled, regaining her balance so that she might swing again with the heavy weight of her broadsword. It was a well placed blow, her blade biting mercilessly into the flesh of the demon's arm as it continued to dig. A foul white fluid flowed freely from the wound, the slice deep enough it almost completely severed the limb, and it let out an even higher cry than before, spinning and striking at her with its other hand. The edge of her sword struck strongly, cutting through the arm completely. By the time the hunting party followed the demon's screams to find her, it lie in pieces on the ground before the cave, destroyed and decimated by her hand. The eyes of the eldest knight in their party, however, were not for the Deadite, but for the place it had found. \"It was clawing at this wall.\" His words were not a question, his wrinkled eyes squinted as he reached to lay a hand on the collapsed stones. \"Aye…\" Her dark brown eyes exchanged perplexed frowns with the other men, and she nodded in affirmation. \"It seemed intent on freeing whatever lie behind it.\" \"Nay.\" The word was firm, unquestionable, and the older knight looked down upon her with a determined gleam in his eye. She trusted him; he was one of the knights who had trained her, who had once trained himself under the Promised One. \"It wished to destroy, not free. It is well that you stopped it, Ashley. The fate of this world may someday rest upon he who lies within.\" The old knight reverently took one of the freed rocks and laid it against the mountain front once more, and with a flash, Ashley understood. She remained for some time after the rest of the party mounted up and rode off, staring at the wall. She was so close- and yet, she might as well have been centuries apart from the man who lay sleeping beyond the mountain front. Never could she truly see him, never had she seen more of him than the emotion that shone silently in her mother's eyes whenever she spoke of him, but standing there, she felt a connection she would never be able to describe with words. Hours later, when the older knight returned to the cave to gather up his lady and return her home, he reflected upon one of the theories behind the peculiar nature of the daughter of Sheila Von Lichtenstein. It was a thought to be murmured in the darkest of shadows, with lights dimmed, and no others around. Words whispered in secret, between only the closest of comrades, the most trusted of friends. And yet, a silent celebration, that coupled with respectful nods to the Lady Sheila, and a loyalty to the Lady Ashley that no peculiarity could ever dissuade. The Lady Sheila had become the bride of the Lord Von Lichtenstein barely a month after the departure of the Promised One. Birth had been given to a precious daughter hardly eight months later; premature, the midwives had said, and yet… There were none of the looks of the Lord von Lichtenstein to the child, and all of the looks of her mother- and of the man her mother had loved. ","Summary":" Title: Maiden of Kandar Author: Koohii Cafe Rating: K Fandom: Evil Dead Disclaimer: Since I am a po"},{"Movie":"Evil Dead Army of Darkness","Title":"Afterwards","Author":"rocketrider231","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9519363","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Thanks for not leaving me, David.\" Mia said as she tenderly embraced her older brother. Even though things between them had been pretty distant, at the moment there was not a single thing that would make Mia happier than her brother. It was time to leave this awful place. They walked to the front porch, where Mia found her boots and put them on as she and David got ready to leave the cabin. \"Wait here.\" David said, \"I'm gonna get the car keys, okay?\" \"Yeah.\" Mia replied as he opened the door and walked inside, slightly limping from the nails that were shot into his shin earlier. When inside, David immediately saw the keys to his good ol' Wrangler on the nightstand. In one swift motion, he swiped the keys off of it and went out the door. \"What should we do with that?\" Mia asked, looking down at the ground to the book of the dead that started it all. \"Should we burn it?\" \"Eric tried before. The book doesn't burn.\" \"Then let's bury it.\" \"Okay.\" David took the book and placed it into the hole where Mia was before, and shoveled all the dirt on top of it. When he emptied the last shovelful onto the grave, he patted the dirt on top of where the book lay, finishing the task. \"We should go.\" Mia said, seeing that the sun was rising. \"Yeah.\" David nodded. \"Let's go.\" \"Wait.\" \"What is it?\" \"Don't you think we should do something about Eric, Olivia, and Natalie? Like, something to memorialize them?\" Mia had a point since they didn't really have anyone to go back to. Eric didn't have any family, David didn't know Natalie's, and Olivia hadn't talked to hers in years. Therefore, Mia and David felt they needed to do something special for them. \"I've got it.\" David took his knife out of his pocket, and began to engrave words into the tree closest to the front of the cabin. After a few minutes of doing so, the names 'OLIVIA', 'NATALIE', and 'ERIC' could be seen in the tree trunk. \"One last thing.\" Mia picked up Grandpa's collar, lying near the tool shed. She took it and strapped it onto a branch of the tree David had just carved the names into. \"We can go now.\" She said. David opened the passenger car door for Mia and she stepped into his old car. He went around to the driver's side and got in the seat next to her. There was silence between the two of them driving down the path. Neither one of them really knew what to say after everything that they had experienced the night before. \"It was horrible.\" Mia said, finally breaking the silence, \"I could see and feel everything, I was fully aware of what was happening. But I couldn't do anything about it.\" \"Mia, it's okay. Whatever it was isn't with us anymore.\" \"I watched it all happen.\" \"I know, Mia-\" \"No, you don't know! \"Mia-\" \"You don't know what it was like! Have you ever-\" Mia stopped herself. \"Mia, listen to me.\" David said as he pulled over, \"I have no idea what you went through and I never will, but I know for a fact it was terrifying. I love you, Mia, and I'm here for you. If you want to talk about it then I'll shut up and listen.\" \"Okay.\" Mia and David sat in the car and looked into the wilderness. \"You know, I keep forgetting how nice it is up here.\" David stated. \"Life in the big city kind of makes you forget all this.\" \"It is beautiful up here. It really is.\" The two of them took a moment to look at all this. After the night before, they needed something beautiful to see, something to give them hope. \"Hey,\" David said, pulling something out of his pocket. It was the necklace he had given her the day before. The one Mia had destroyed in her fit of rage. \"You fixed it!\" She exclaimed, taking it out of his hand with great enthusiasm. \"Yeah. I did.\" As he started to drive again, for the first time in a while, David smiled. After they returned home, David and Mia tried to return to their every day lives. For David, he eventually recovered from his leg injuries and over time was able to walk properly again. Also, Mia kicked her addiction to drugs. The two of them both recovered physically from the whole ordeal. However, neither of them ever healed emotionally. Whenever David closed his eyes, he would see something from that grisly night. Whether it was Eric pulling a nail out of his hand, Natalie's arm getting sliced off, or Olivia lying dead on the bathroom floor. In addition, David had nightmares too. Whenever he slept, he heard voices. Voices saying things like: \"Why are you hurting me?\" \"I missed you, man…\" \"Your little sister's being raped in hell!\" Every so often, David would wake up all sweaty with his heart uncontrollably pounding out of his chest. Though what happened in the cabin didn't just take its toll on David. Mia suffered from anxiety for years. Sometimes when she was able to sleep, she would wake up screaming in the middle of the night, thinking she was still possessed. Things had been really rough for the two of them. Four years later, David and Mia got together and decided to go to the cabin for the first time since the terrifying event that took place there. After taking the same trip they had once taken four years ago, the two of them arrived at the cabin. But instead of going inside right away, they just sat in the car for a while. Finally, David stepped into the hot air, with Mia following him. \"Woah, check that out.\" He said, pointing at a small area of dead grass and weeds, which of course was where they buried the book. \"That's just creepy.\" Mia shook her head. \"Oh look!\" she excitedly said, running over to the special tree. \"It's still here!\" The names of their three friends could clearly be seen with a small bit of moss over them, and Grandpa's collar was still on the branch. \"It's still here!\" Mia exclaimed \"Wow. Looks like I did a good job.\" David chuckled a bit. Though he stopped as soon as he saw the homemade defibrillator connected up to the car battery lying in the dirt. \"What do you wanna do?\" David asked Mia. \"I can't even bring myself to go inside.\" \"Me neither.\" \"So then what now?\" David took a deep breath. The cabin had been a family safe house for years, but there was no way that either of them wanted to keep it. \"Let's burn it down.\" He expected for Mia to jump all over him and object to it. \"Okay.\" Mia said with no opposition at all. David was somewhat surprised by her reaction, but he certainly couldn't blame her. Without wasting any time, he went into the tool shed to find anything that he could use. As he pulled a snow shovel aside, a tank of gasoline caught his eye. \"Oh yes, please.\" He came to the house with the tank, and doused the front porch with gasoline. \"Will that be enough?\" Mia asked from behind him. \"Let's hope so.\" David said as he pulled his lighter out of his pocket. He took a deep breath, then knelt down and lit the gasoline. With that, the entire cabin went up in flames in a matter of seconds. He and Mia watched as the cabin burned, along with all the memories tucked inside. After a few minutes of this, they decided it was time to leave this place once and for all. \"You ready?\" David asked Mia. \"Yeah, let's go.\" \"Oh wait.\" David pulled out his knife and went to the tree with the names put in it. On the other side of it, he carved \"DAVID AND MIA WERE HERE\". \"How does it look?\" \"That looks just downright fabulous.\" She replied with a smile. The first time he had seen her smile since their horrible experience before. With David in the driver's seat and Mia in the passenger side, they drove off onto the path and started the journey back home. Before losing sight of the cabin, Mia turned to look at it one last time, taking a final glance at all her pain slowly burning and fading away. Soon, the burning cabin went out of sight. Mia sat back into her seat and closed her eyes to take a nap. As she slowly drifted off to sleep, she could hear the sound of her mother singing... Baby, little baby It's time to say goodbye Baby, little baby I'll miss you day and night Baby, my sweet baby I'll write you every day Baby, don't cry, baby I wish that I could stay ","Summary":" \"Thanks for not leaving me, David.\" Mia said as she tenderly embraced her older brother. Even tho"},{"Movie":"Grease","Title":"The High School Reunion","Author":"annieandsen","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12997035","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sandy and Danny had been through some rough times and some good times; all due to their differences or similarities. But one thing was for sure - they had forgotten all about Frenchy and Doody; Rizzo and Kenickie; Marty and Sonny; Jan and Roger. In fact, they had forgotten that the reunion was to be in 2 days. Sandy had begged Danny if they could go… had begged him - one more chance to see her high school friends. Sure, they hadn't been the best of friends - she had once been Miss Sandra Dee. Made sense… she did wear long skirts and thick woollen tops. That was until the girls had so kindly given her a complete makeover - making her into the girl all the 'lettermen' were constantly staring at. Danny had tried to persuade her not to go - had reminded her of how Rizzo had tormented her. But one thing he did know - this reunion meant the world to Sandy. As it did, he knew that they had to go. It was better for them. But they were due to be travelling and visiting family before he proposed properly at the same time as the stupid reunion. No matter how much she wanted to go to the reunion, there was no way that they were going to be able to visit his family. No way to introduce her properly at a formal dinner party. They were 22 now, they didn't have to. Doubting himself, he shuffled through the yearbook organised by the over enthused Patty Simcox. While he had no worries in the world, she was always stressing about something. In fact she was one of the reasons why Sandy and him had never been together. He couldn't imagine living without Sandy; he couldn't imagine living with Patty… or any of the other girls from Rydell for that matter. Sandy knew that it wasn't the end of the world if she didn't show up for the reunion - it had only been 4 years anyway… there was no point. But she needed to see their faces again, she needed to be reminded of the kindness that had brought her and the love of her life together. As she unzipped her suitcase, she was reminded of how her father had been offered a great promotion which involved a transfer… that was the whole reason she had ended up at Rydell anyway. She was suddenly grateful for everything that had happened then, despite the fact that it had torn her apart. Danny knew that Sandy would be heartbroken if she couldn't go or if he wouldn't let her go… he wondered if Frenchy's hair was still bright pink after the beauty school mishap… maybe, he thought, just maybe, she had decided to be original and keep it that way. As the creak of the wardrobe hinges squeaked, Sandy caught sight of the black latex leggings she had once worn to seduce Danny… the last time that she had worn that outfit was when they were both 18… when they were both trying to grab each other's attention. The creaks echoed through her parents' house… Danny had been living with them for three months now. This place now felt like home… he hadn't seen the T-Birds for 4 years. Before they all used to meet in the park regularly. But then again, that was before Doody got a job working at the mechanics; Kenickie got a regular job carrying boxes at the nearby department store; Putzie got a job as a waiter; Sonny got a job who knows where. No matter how innocent the couple were, things would all change… no matter how soon.[Chapter 2] \"And just why shouldn't I be allowed to go to the reunion?\" \"Because… because… because… because\" \"Because your jealous? What do you think is going to happen?\" \"I'm just scared Sandy, you won't fall in love with someone else will you?\" \"Are you crazy? After everything I went through in high school? I love you Danny Zuko and I always will\" Somehow, the idea of Sandy loving Danny forever didn't comfort him - he still held the shadow of doubt in his mind… he didn't think that he would have any hope of marrying her if they went to the stupid reunion. Sandy thought about walking out at this point, she let her eyes wander and suddenly they caught on the door. She knew that Danny was just being an overprotective jerk… surely the other T-Birds would have let their 'chicks' go the reunion. But then again, after everything they had to do to be accepted as a couple, she doubted that she wouldn't do the same. Danny saw a flicker of mutiny in Sandy's eyes. As her eyes crept towards the bedroom door, he reached for the lock… stopping her in her tracks… he stood in front of the door trying to overpower her with his masculinity. He was scaring her; there was a flicker of mischief in his eyes. As he flicked the lock up, she knew that there was no hope of her escaping… even if it was just to get some air. He threw her down onto the bed… she didn't want this to happen; well, she did but just… just not today. As her body collapsed under the force of his hands, Danny knew that he now had leverage over her. Several ideas flew through his head; he was going to offer a ransom so that he didn't have to revisit the pain of high school… he was going to offer a ransom so that she wouldn't see her friends… he was trying to look after Sandy. \"You can only leave this room if…\" but he couldn't finish, Sandy had already crept out from under him and was halfway to the door. \"You can do anything you like but if I can't go to the reunion, you can get out of my house\" At last, she had come up with a dealbreaker - something that would make him want to go to the reunion. He could come up with all the offers in the world but she had wanted to go to this reunion since graduation. After everything that they had been through to be together, Sandy understood why Danny was so overprotective. But now, it had got to a point where he was being an overprotective jerk. As she slowly stumbled down the steps, she heard the faint sound of his tears. Surely he wasn't crying over this? What was so bad that had happened to him recently? Had she done something?[Chapter 3] Danny had tried to console himself but he felt like his heart was about to break... to break over something as stupid as this? He tried to console himself more but her words were ringing in his head... \"get out of my house\". Surely, he hadn't acted the way he had... throwing her down on the bed like that, threatening her with such... such... such anger. Sandy stumbled down the stairs trying to think of ways to run back upstairs and console Danny. One thing she knew for sure was that he wasn't going to leave her over this stupid high school reunion... but she didn't know that for sure... she wanted to be sure but couldn't. The creak of the door opening echoed throughout the house; a flicker of hope dashed through Sandy's brain. Was he coming back to apologise and tell her that everything was alright? She hoped so; she wished... surely her hopes and dreams would be true to her heart. He had tried packing his bags... he had tried climbing out the window but falling distance was too much for Danny's irrational fear of heights. As he clambered down the stairs, her face turned towards him. It was like that beautiful summer, the summer they had spent together; the summer they had found each other. She knew that he had tried. There was the flicker of frustration and upset running through his eyes. She had heard the window being pried open but had thought nothing of it... she knew that Danny would never be able to jump out the window; at least not with that irrational fear of heights. As he clambered down the stairs, she leapt up with pride. This was what she had been hoping for - him to finally give up planning his escape... to find her and realise that there was more to their love story than a petty argument. But then, his voice wavered as he tried to push past her... tried to push past her with two small suitcases in hand. \"Let's go.\" \"What? What are you doing? Where are we going?\" \"It's time to go to the reunion Sandy, so hurry up.\" The brazenness of his voice stung her ears as she leapt up with joy... a certain joy that left her wondering why he had changed his mind all of a sudden. \"What made you change your mind?\" \"I'm not sure anymore... It probably had to do with the offer, I guess.\" \"Why were you crying?\" \"I couldn't risk losing you... not again. And definitely not to something so petty as a high school reunion that was probably organised by Patty Simcox.\" The brutality of his answer stabbed her like a knife. Both of them had despised Patty throughout the whole of high school but that didn't justify the fact that he didn't realise how much work she had probably put into it. She knew that Danny had never had to do much work of his own... throughout high school, he did the bare minimum; copying people's work constantly... his grades only just scraping average. But then again, he was the only T-Bird who hadn't flunked a subject and had to return throughout the summer. Somewhere in the closet was his T-Birds jacket... along with Sandy's Pink Ladies jacket, of course. In all honesty, it had been pointless for the girls to give Sandy a Pink Ladies jacket... by the time they accepted her, it was graduation day - their last day before summer school started and everyone who flunked a subject had to return to that sorry excuse of a high school. In the car, they had tried to engage in small conversation but neither of them were eager when it came to small talk. \"So… do you think the boys will be there?\" At least she was trying… making more of an effort than he was at the moment. \"Maybe… depends if they are still with their high school girlfriends… If Sonny is still with Marty, then they will definitely be there. If Kenickie is still with Rizzo then there is a slight chance they won't be there. If Frenchy is still with Doody they will definitely be there. As for Jan and Putzie, if there is food, they will definitely be there without a doubt!\" They both laughed at this… it felt good that they were talking again; laughing even. She knew that they had all moved away following high school - they had all wanted to get away from school as soon as the graduation ceremony ended. They hadn't left as early as they said they would… they had the party to look forward to. The arrival of the fairground on the school's premises early graduation day had filled everyone with excitement and had caused their adrenaline to fly through the roof… not that there was a roof over the field. As Sandy drifted off to sleep, the motor slowed down and the car ground to a halt… somehow she knew that they hadn't reached the school yet… she wondered if they ever would.[Chapter 4] The car had ground to a halt and suddenly Sandy felt his arms wrap around her. As her eyes flapped open, she caught sight of a mysterious but shabby looking motel. Danny stumbled, trying urgently to book a room… to book a room before Sandy woke up… but Sandy had opened her eyes before he could. \"Why aren't we on our way to the school? You could drive the rest of the way… it should only be an hour.\" \"I'm too tired to drive Sandy. It isn't safe if we don't stop for a rest. Please, I know what I am doing.\" \"And so do I. In fact I know what you are doing too. If you are too tired, why were you carrying me? Why not just wake me up and ask me to walk? I wasn't even asleep.\" He knew the more that he lied, the less she would trust him later. Truth was, he didn't want to go to the reunion - she knew that. He was trying to stall - she also knew that. \"If you don't want to go, why don't you just tell me and I can drive the rest of the way?\" \"Sandy, don't. Let's not fall out again over this. Please.\" A faintly familiar car also turned towards the shabby motel. As the car ground to a stop, a faintly familiar couple clambered out… Sandy knew exactly who it was… but Danny had no clue. How could he not recognise that one familiar face? That one girl he had gone out with so many times but all without success? The idea crawled into his mind… of course! It was Rizzo and Kenickie! He knew that someone would swoop in to rescue him out of this hole he had dug so far into. \"What you doing here Zuko?\" Kenickie sauntered over to him, his arm around Rizzo. \"Hey Rizz.\" \"Sandy, it's you! Oh I have so much to tell you!\" Rizzo exclaimed. It sounded like they had so much to catch up on and as they all wandered inside, Rizzo immediately had the idea that the girls would share; Sandy needed to ask her advice on something - it was a more pressing matter than who was going to share with whom. \"You going to the reunion tomorrow?\" \"Of course Sandy! We wouldn't miss it for the world!\" There was a flicker of happiness in Rizzo's eye, \"Plus, we haven't seen each other for so long, it would be great to hear about what you have been up to!\" \"Rizz, I need to ask you something.\" \"Go ahead Sandy, you know I'm here, don't you?\" \"Of course Rizz. Tonight, Danny and I had an argument and, well, he got quite violent. I was just wondering… wondering if…\" \"What Sandy? You know he wouldn't do anything right?\" \"I thought that I knew that last night. But obviously I didn't. He threw me down on the bed like a rag doll… he's never done that before. He wouldn't let me go… I was scared Rizz.\" \"Listen Sandy, if anything happens… anything at all, you tell me?\" Her eyes lit up with anger. Anger that anyone would ever do that to one of her closest friends. \"You won't tell anyone, right Rizz?\" \"Of course not Sandy.\" And with those last words, the lights flickered out.[Chapter 5] His back bolt upright... his head spinning... he had forgotten where Sandy was and was starting to panic. Surely his love hadn't started running? As he clambered over to the neighbouring bed, memories of the previous evening came flooding through his brain. He was unable to stop them... unable to stop the pain of remembering. Danny knew that he was probably just overreacting but was determined to make sure that she hadn't started running. As Kenickie rolled over, his eyes pulled away from each other in a vicious attempt to open. Unfortunately, nothing went to plan these days. His relationship with Rizzo had been tough - she had wanted to move house from Day 1 whereas he wanted a steady homelife where he could escape from his worries and not have to continually worry about how long they had to find a new house. Of course, all of these houses and none were fit to be a home to Rizzo. Rizzo and Sandy had slept the night away, unaware of the daunting prospect of a High School Reunion. They hadn't stayed up late - like they had planned - but instead had decided to wait for the others to arrive. The prospect of seeing everyone they hadn't seen for so long haunted Rizzo. She, like Danny and Sandy, hadn't seen the others since a few months after graduation. Both her and Sandy had been the only ones who had managed not to flunk any subjects. This had meant that they had had time to see each other while the others were resitting their final exams... again. Soon enough, these two young women had changed the ways that they thought about each other and were ready to start over. In fact, they had seen each other constantly in the first two years but had drifted apart when Rizzo and Kenickie decided it was time for a change... time to move. Rizzo was unsure of when her and her love would find a house to call a home... she didn't think that Sandy was happy with the fact that she was still living with her parents but she was happy with the fact that she was living with Danny. Despite everything that Sandy had told her yesterday... about the fight... about the way Danny treated her, Rizzo knew that Danny and Sandy were meant to be. The faint knock on the door had truly woken Sandy up. As her eyes drifted off to sleep, the memories of the reunion fluttered back and she hurried to get ready. \"Come on Rizz. Time to see the other girls! It is finally the day!\" \"Hey, Sandy... can I talk to you quickly?\" \"Sure Rizz, but it might have to be quick... I need to pack.\" \"Well, you remember all the pregnancy scares I had right?\" \"Of course I do. How could I forget how upset you both were that you weren't having a child?\" \"Well, I went to the doctor and... and...\" A glint of happiness slid across her face. Hopefully Sandy would be able to decipher her expression, her stutter. \"And you're pregnant?! YAY!\" The screams filled the room and as Rizzo hushed Sandy, she had one final question. \"How do I tell Kenickie?\" \"You both were so upset when you thought you were pregnant but you weren't. You really think that he is going to be upset with the fact that you are both having a child together? After everything that has happened? You know for sure that this child is his right?\" \"Of course I do Sandy! I don't sleep around like I used to...\" Sandy was so excited for Kenickie and Rizzo... she couldn't wait until Rizzo told him... she couldn't wait to see his reaction. He loved her and she loved him... what more could they want? They were the same... young and in love... but with one difference, Kenickie wasn't as violent towards Rizzo as Danny was towards her.[Chapter 6] As Kenickie slowly opened his eyes to the bright morning sun, he could hear the babble of people talking outside the door. As he wandered over to the window, he caught sight of Rizzo. His love for Rizzo had never changed and their journey through high school together was troublesome to say the least. People never thought that they would be the best couple, what with the pregnancy scare and all. But, they loved each other and that would never change... hopefully. Danny had woken up to the quiet rapping of knuckles on the door. As he shuffled over to open the door, the glimpse of a worried looking Rizzo made him think something had happened to Sandy… he had no idea what she was so worried about. The sudden sight of Sandy peeking out of the door made him relax slightly as it reassured him that everything was alright. After finding out the big news, Sandy had made Rizzo go and find Kenickie. After all, she had to tell him, it was his right to know. She couldn't keep it from him for forever, no matter how hard she tried. She could tell Rizzo was worried about his reaction but when she heard Danny talking to Rizzo, she curiously wondered and peeked out of the door. \"How do I tell him Danny?\" \"Just tell him Rizzo, I'm sure Sandy already asked you, but you are absolutely sure that it is his baby? And that this isn't just a pregnancy scare?\" \"I already told you, the doctor just made it official. And yes, I am absolutely sure that this baby is his. Like I told Sandy, I don't sleep around like I used to.\" \"Well then, as you are absolutely sure, go in and tell him.\" Unfortunately for Rizzo, the windows were thin enough for Kenickie to hear but he was too tired to pay attention. When Rizzo knocked again on the door, Kenickie was there, waiting to open the door. \"Morning Kenicks.\" \"Morning Rizz.\" \"There is something I need to tell you.\" \"Sure go ahead, whatever you need I am here. I love you, you know that right?\" For the first time, he had said that. A glimpse of joy strolled across her face, she was so happy. She knew that he wouldn't be angry, they loved each other. What was there that you needed to be angry about? \"I love you too. But there is something I need to tell you. I'm pregnant! And for real this time!\" \"Really Rizz?! You checked it out with the doctor right?\" \"Yes I did! That was one of the first things I did this time! Can you believe it? We're going to have a baby!\" \"I can't believe it! I'm so happy!\" Rizzo knew that this news brought them together… Kenickie knew it too. As Danny and Sandy looked through the window at the joy and love between Rizzo and Kenickie, they wondered if they could ever have love as powerful as theirs and they both caught themselves wondering if they would ever love each other.[Chapter 7] Danny and Sandy never thought that they would find love with each other like Rizzo and Kenickie but they also both knew that they couldn't compare their relationship to anyone else's relationship. Sandy could feel his gaze buried beneath her skin… the familiarity of that stare. The fear in his eyes answered all of her questions about him. But she didn't want Rizzo's news to change their relationship, she didn't want it to change them. With the reunion coming up in less than 2 hours, the four of them knew that they had to depart. But it wasn't really goodbye, after all, they were going to see each other in less than an hour and a half. \"Danny, mate, see you soon right?\" \"Yeah sure Kenicks. You are going to the reunion right? You aren't going to bail on me now right?\" \"When and why would I ever do that? And yes, of course I am going. Just not all for you. You should know that it will be great to see all the guys. Obviously, I'm going for Rizzo and you're going for Sandy.\" \"I don't really want to go Kenickie. I don't want to have to see all the people who kept me and Sandy apart.\" \"Yeah but look at how that turned out. You are a happy couple now, why can't you see? Why do you have to take the girl of your dreams for granted?\" \"I don't know Kenickie, they were all plotting against us at some point. I don't want to feel as hurt as I did then.\" \"Are you forgetting everything you said to Sandy to keep up your reputation? You were part of that plot. Once upon a time, I knew a Danny Zuko who was looking for a nice chick but only someone who wouldn't make you look bad. And then, when you found her, you said all of these things and she still made her way back to you. You should be grateful she saw past your walls, that she could see right through you. You should go to this reunion for her, you owe her big time after all of that.\" He knew the words Kenickie spoke rang true. He just didn't want to have to 'owe' Sandy. \"Rizz, how am I going to be in a car with him?\" \"I think you are slightly overthinking it Sandy. You are thinking that this could be the worst thing when it could be the thing to fix everything that went wrong before. You just need to give him a chance.\" \"And haven't I done that enough. Example - the whole of high school?!\" Sandy could feel the anger boil inside of her. She didn't want to be angry with one of her best friends but she knew that Rizzo was right, she had to give him another chance, no matter how many times she had done that. As Rizzo and Kenickie drove away, Sandy knew that she had to do everything in her power to give him another chance. As Rizzo and Kenickie drove away, Danny hoped that she would give him another chance to change and prove that he truly loves her.[Chapter 8] Sandy had finally made a decision. She was going to give him another chance... there was a light at the end of the tunnel and she remained hopeful. Danny had also made a decision... if Sandy no longer wanted him around, he would be willing to give it a break. These two decisions were completely opposite but would give them both a chance to forgive and forget. As much as Sandy didn't want to be able to forgive him for throwing her down like a rugby ball, she hoped that it was just one of his 'phases'. Something that she would be able to help him cope with and understand. She didn't want to leave him only to let him continue with this 'phase' with future girlfriends - however much she doubted that there would be any after today. Danny sat upright… today was the day. The day that they had both agreed on. Agreed on to either go their different ways or continue trying with their relationship. The longer he was held in suspense, the less willing he was to forget the ways that he had treated her in the past. He wanted to change but knew that without her help, he wasn't going to be able to. He wanted to change so badly… but had no idea how to do so. Sandy had no idea how Danny would react. Hopefully, he would agree with her; hopefully she would be doing the right thing. No matter how much people doubted the success of their relationship, it was up to them to make it work. It was up to them to fix everything again. If they truly loved each other like they had once loved each other, they knew that they would both be willing to make it work. She wasn't sure whether to ask Rizzo if what she was doing was right. Maybe she should just ask Rizzo for some advice… Maybe she should just ask her if what she was about to do was the right thing. She could hope but she could also doubt. The last thing Rizzo wanted right now was to have to deal with someone else's problems. Both her and Kenickie were celebrating the pregnancy but hadn't yet told anyone - they couldn't work out how to. She desperately hoped that Sandy was about to call her so that she could ask advice but she knew that the tables would quickly turn and the conversation would end up with Sandy demanding advice. Kenickie wondered about how to tell his parents that Rizzo was pregnant. He knew that there weren't many safe resources regarding abortions but he also knew that an abortion was a choice for either of them. Neither of them had even considered it - they didn't want this to be just as unsuccessful as the other pregnancy scares. He wondered if he should call Danny and ask him about how to but, like Rizzo, knew that the tables would turn and Danny would go on and on about him and Sandy. However much all four of these young people demanded the truth, they knew that the future would hold something good - if only they saw the truth in each other. ","Summary":" Sandy and Danny had been through some rough times and some good times; all due to their differences"},{"Movie":"Gladiator","Title":"Beautiful Nightmare","Author":"JJJPK","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12036208","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N So, I recently watched Gladiator and fell in love all over again. It's such an AMAZING STORY (Most regrettably I don't own it. Sob.)! I had the idea for this fic because well I wanted more Maximus and Lucilla but there doesn't seem to be much fanfic for them out there so I just decided to write my own! This can be read as a oneshot but I am going to continue with it. I have the next chapter, all I have to do is get it out of my notebook and onto my Doc Manager but I'm going on vacation in a few days so don't expect it till some time in late July or early August. Anyhoo read this, excuse typeo's and lemmie know what ya think! (A little secret: Reviews will make me post faster!) Lucilla felt as if she would surely die from lack of breath. Her brother and the love of her life were going to fight to the death before her eyes and her heart felt ready to burst. All the blood drained rapidly from her face as the platfrom ascended from below the floor of the arena. The soldiers formed a ring around the two opponents. Her eyes darted to, and fixed upon, Maximus. Instantly she could tell something wasn't right. He favored his right side and slightly bent as if in great pain. The roars of the crowd were deafening. Commodous pranced around goading them to an even higher pitch of frenzied excitement. Finally the two locked eyes and began circling. Lucilla's horrified gaze did not leave Maximus even for a second and the buzz of the crowd faded from her ears completely. All she seemed to hear was the clashing of swords and the banging of her own heart so loud she wanted to cover her ears to block it out. But of course she knew that would do her no good. Maximus and Commodous moved through an intricate dance, one gaining one moment the other the next. They were dead even for what seemed and eternity. But then Oh! Maximus seemed to be taking control. Now he decidedly was! In no time at all he had unsworded Commodous. Her brother shouted for a sword from one of the guards. The tension that followed was palpable. No one did, no one would. The rage in Commodous's eyes filled Lucilla with yet greater terror. Then Maximus, refusing a hollow and unjust victory, dropped his weapon. Lucilla wanted to scream as the men met a second time, this time at much closer quarters. As they grappled she felt a kind of disbelief rush in annd break over her like waves. Her brother and her father's favorite general (once Oh so long ago!) throwing blows, on the floor of the Colosseum in front of a crowd of jeering Plebeians? This could not be happening! And when Commodous produced a Stiletto and there was a sickening moment of nothing but Maximus' sheer will for revenge preventing the dreadful blade from cutting his throat, it was as if not she but another beheld the awful scene. She was only vaguely aware of the sickening feeling of her gut wrenching and wishing she could wake up as she watched Maximus's strength finally win out and the blade jam haltingly the emperor's throat. His bloody corpse fell into the dust at Maximus's feet and she felt neither relief nor sadness nor anger nor any other emotion. She felt nothing. This had not really happened. Maximus walked a few steps like a man in a trance, holding his hand out as if reaching for something distant and unattainable. Quintice called to him but he did not reply. Eventually he caught Maxiumus's attention with a softer tone. As badly as she wanted to though, Lucilla could not hear what he said in reply. With unbelieving eyes she watched as Maximus collapsed onto the sand a few seconds later. Breathless, bottomless silence threatened to engulf everything. Finally she was recalled from her unbelieving dream-like state and reality crashed harshly upon her. Her heart burst the same moment it did. All the emotions that had been pent up within her her entire life spilled forth. Her spirit cried to her numb body, \"Go to him! There may yet be time!\" She ran with the last of her ebbing strength from the Grandstand, through the gate, and across the sand. Sinking to her knees beside his broken body she noted with pain the blood oozing from his side. His eyes were distant and filled with pain and she could tell he was already halfway in Elysium. \"Maximus!\" Softly, she attempted to recall his attention one last time. When his eyes locked with hers they gained a look of recognition and then Oh! they told her things he could have never said with words. They spoke forgiveness for the times she had wronged him. They spoke regret for the times he had hurt her. They spoke thanks for the times she had aided him. But most of all and above everything else-Oh dare she presume it?!-They spoke love. Her own eyes betrayed her and overflowed with years of unexpressed love which spilled down her cheeks in liquid form. \"Lucius is safe,\" He had given her one last gift, for which she would be forever grateful. A pang of guilt struck her consumed her as she realized she was keeping him from Elysium. With everything left in her she choked, \"Go to them.\" She nodded and she felt her spirit die as his left his body. Oh how she longed to go with him! He went limp and she murmured, \"You're home.\" The Colosseum crashed to the ground around her, Rome fell, the world burned and still none of it mattered. The only thing that mattered was him and she clung to his lifeless form as if her life depend on him. Indeed she had depended on him. But now he was gone. Finally, with grim resolve, she rose to her feet and faced the assembled crowd. Their shocked faces made her hatred boil to the forefront. \"Is Rome worth the life of one good man?' She called vindictively. \"We believed it once, make us believe it again!\" No one seemed to remember that he had been her father's general, Maximus Decimus Meridius. No one seemed to care. \"He was a soldier of Rome! Honor him.\"[Chapter 2] A/N Hey guys, I'm back! Vacation was awesome :) (just in case you care!) Thanks so much to the small band of you out there who read the last chapter! I feel glad there there is still a group (no matter how small) who is still keeping the Gladiator fandom alive even sixteen years later! Even though I know this fandom is virtually dead (Me: *SOBS* \"WHY?!\" Voice of Reason: \"Maybe just maybe because this movie has been out since before you were born?\" Me: \"NO EXCUSES, IT'S AN EPIC CLASSIC!\") I hope all of you who are looking for new Gladiator fics appreciate this ;) Any way, now you know how I feel about that lol! Please read, review, favorite, whatever you feel like, but mostly, just ENJOY! Three weeks later Lucilla sat at dinner with her son, Lucius. He was telling her excitedly about something his tutor had taught him that day. He was becoming quite animated. There was a time when his happy prattle would have transfixed her and caused her heart to overflow with love for her son. Now it was as though she was too cold and dead to love. \"Mother?\" \"Yes?\" She looked up, startled at being addressed. \"Isn't that fascinating?\" \"I am sorry Lucius, I am tired.\" She sighed and rose, slowly withdrawing to her chamber, leaving her son bewildered. Tiredly, she sank down in at her vanity and stared at her mirror into a pair of hollow, lifeless eyes. How long ago it seemed that those same eyes had stared back at her full of hopes and dreams and even merriment! She thought of Maximus for what must have been the millionth time since his death. He was always present in her mind, but during the day there was only a vague shadowy phantom on the edges of her consciousness. Only during the nights could she retreat into her own heart and spend hours there with her precious memories of him. She fled there now for the same fleeting comfort she always drew. She knew full well that one of these ethereal nighttime walks down the paths of memory would provided temporary solace but in the end they always left her dejected and crushed with such a great desolation in her heart she had not thought it possible. And she would think of his eyes and a tiny accusing voice would hiss in her ear, \"You killed him, you could have stopped your brother.\" \"How? I tried everything!' \"You didn't try hard enough.\" And then she would bury her face in her hands and sob because she knew the voice was right. On that particular night three weeks after his death, she chose one of the sweetest memories she possessed, their first meeting. When she was seventeen her father had taken her to Hispania. He said it was because he wanted to teach her some political tactics and for a change of scene. Of course his intelligent daughter guessed the real reason immediately with ease. It was because she had been getting too friendly with one of the young Patricians at court. She instantly regretted it and begged the emperor not to take her away from the height of the social season in Rome. He flatly refused. It was with these disgusted emotions and wounded sensibilities that Lucilla arrived in Hispania in the summer of 170 A.D. The land was lovelier than any she had yet seen and the villa the emperor was housed in was beyond luxurious but she refused to be consoled. One afternoon she was lying on her cloud like bed and wondering idly what was happening back in her beloved Rome when her Carthaginian slave girl came in. \"My lady, the emperor is going to a state dinner tonight and he requests your presence at it.\" Lucilla groaned. She wanted nothing to do with her father or his friends. \"Must I really?\" \"Yes my lady, it is he express wish.\" Lucilla closed her eyes and sighed before slowly rising from her bed. Could her father not let her be miserable in peace? The slave girl bathed her and dressed her in a fine pale yellow silk. Expertly, she twisted her hair up into a golden head band. She lined Lucilla's exquisite storm blue eyes in dark ink and painted her already thick lashes in black charcoal paste. Lucilla wished she would not. Once she was ready she descended the shallow marble staircase to the atrium where her father and his guards were waiting. \"You look lovely as always dear,\" Marcus fondly greeted his daughter. \"Father,\" Lucilla curtsied deeply to the emperor. He took her arm and they climbed into the litter which jolted out into the night to some senator's house, who's name Lucilla was too lazy to take the trouble to learn. When they arrived the scene was exactly as she had dreaded it would be. Low burning candles illuminated the greedy eyes of old men in white robes who clustered round her father like bees to honey. All the different scents of perfumes and ointments mixing with the heavy aroma of sweet wine was noxious. She must stand with her father, smile, nod, and try to look imperial. All the while her head throbbed. Her father kept telling her things like, \"You see him? That's the senator Crispus, he's one of the most powerful men in Rome.\" These comments too she tried to receive with an intelligent, understanding countenance, but after the first hour that became increasingly difficult to was only slightly roused when her father called more loudly than usual, \"Ah, Maximus! I've been looking for you.\" \"My lord,\" Answered a deep masculine voice which sent an inexplicable thrill through her being. Eagerly she looked for the speaker, but for a moment beheld only the top of his bowed head. But when he rose his face was unlike any she had ever seen before. Or was it? It seemed somehow familiar though she was certain she had never met this man before. \"I am sorry if I kept you waiting, some new recruits arrived unexpectedly and I was detained getting them housed in the barracks.\" \"No matter!\" Laughed Marcus. \"Lieutenant Maximus, this is my daughter Lucilla.\" For the first time his eyes slid from the emperor to meet hers. But oh! She was only able to hold the unnerving gray eyes for a moment before her soul was filled with such trembling that she was compelled to look away. He bowed and she could feel her face spread into a ridiculous grin. \"My lady, I am honored.\" His sonorous voice hummed. \"I assure you, the pleasure is all mine.\" For the first time in her life she actually meant it. \"How go things on the Gallic front?\" He addressed the emperor again. \"Tolerably, though I fear the Galls have been bent but not yet broken. I think they have been amassing strength again since your last victory in the fall. We may have need of your sword before the summer is out.\" Lucilla heard the last part with alarm. \"I feel you are exactly right my lord.\" Maximus was replying but she was no longer looking at him. Her shrewd eyes had landed on a group of senators approaching her father. If they began a conversation Lieutenant Maximus would leave! Why, she might not see him again the entire evening or worse, ever again! She must act quickly, \"Father, I feel a bit faint in this warm atrium. Could Lieutenant Maximus show me the gardens?\" She ventured a shy smile in the direction of the object of her adoration and felt her pulse nearly double when she met his eyes and found them smiling back down upon her. \"Yes of course my dear, do as you wish.\" Marcus said distractedly for he too had seen the senators and his keen mind was already planning and analyzing the conversation he was about to take part in. Maximus extended his arm, Lucilla gratefully took it and they began the slow process of extricating themselves from the crowded, noisy room. The coolness of the night air outside embraced them like a friend. As they strolled beside a rippling fountain Lucilla could feel Maximus gazing at her and the feeling was at once pleasant and disconcerting. She was suddenly terrified of him. She cared so much for his opinion of her and she was crippled by a shyness that would never normally afflict her. \"How have you been enjoying your time in Hispania thus far my lady?\" His voice cut through her misery and filled her with gladness. \"Very much,\" She smiled as they lie rolled seamlessly off her tongue. \"I'm glad. I am no judge but I have always been partial to our gardens.\" He gestured to the Eden like scene before them. \"Oh I think you are a very wise judge, I could not agree more myself, Lieutenant. But you refer to the gardens as 'ours,' as though you hailed from here. Are you a native.\" \"I am.\" \"It must have been lovely.\" \"What?\" \"To grow up here.\" \"Oh, yes, it was very lovely. You did not like your city upbringing?\" \"No. My favorite times were when we would go to one of my father's estates in Sicily. Some of the beaches were whiter than salt! And that was were I learned to ride for the first time. \" \"Are you very interested in horses my lady?\" His voice held a hint of excitement so she quickly decided she would be for his sake. In reality she was completely indifferent! \"Yes!\" She smiled brightly. \"Then I will have to show you some of mine some time! Spanish horses are said to be some of the finest in the world. \"So I have heard!\" She had not. \"I'm quite intrigued.\" She was not. At least not by the horses. Their owner? Very much so. \"Bring two of your finest to my father's villa some time, perhaps tomorrow if you have no pressing engagements, and we'll take them for a run.\" The smile she beamed him gleamed more brilliantly than the stars. \"I would be delighted.\" Abruptly, their felicity was interrupted by the voice of one of the Praetorian guard, \"Princess Lucilla, your father bids you. There is someone he wants you to meet.\" Her heart sank to her toes. \"Excuse me Lieutenant Maximus, I must take leave of you.\" \"Goodnight my lady,\" he bowed deeply, \"it has been a pleasure.\" For a moment disappointment seared her heart and she longed for him to say something more personal in the way of a goodbye. But his infectious smile more than sufficed for any unspoken words. His storm gray eyes captured hers and held them fast betraying all the mutual attraction already present on his part. She allowed a radiant smile to fill her features and tell him all she wished to say. \"Princess?\" Called the guard. \"Of course,\" She blushed and tore her eyes from the Lieutenant's. She followed the guard who was hurrying her back into the buzzing room, but not without peering back one last time to see Maximus slipping out a back door. The rest of the night flew by in a happy daze. How little they had said, just a paltry conversation about horses for a few moments but it had made all the difference in the world! An hour ago she had been a lonely girl with nothing more to excite her than stodgy old senators. Now the world opened before her and delightful prospects presented themselves to her vivid imagination. The room, which she had left feeling sick, she returned to find feeling fresh and airy, the company angelic, and the flickering light served only to remind her of how her own spirit pulsated with joy. She was incapable of saying anything coherent to the emperor on their journey back to the villa and expressed her happiness by simply laughing at completely inappropriate moments. Her father assumed she'd had too much sweet wine. After giving him an especially affectionate goodnight kiss she flew up the stairs to enjoy all the bliss of being young and in love and completely delirious. The slave girl was quite stunned when she entered the room to find her mistress laughing and singing. \"You are in a jovial mood my lady!\" \"Yes I am! Do you want to know why?\" She held her hand up to silence the girl, \"No need to ask I shall tell you!\" She laughed giddily. \"I'm in love!\" \"In love?\" \"Yes, with Lieutenant Maximus!\" \"From your father's regiment?\" \"Yes.\" \"You know your father will soon choose a husband for you.\" The very reasonable slave chided gently, reminding Lucilla of the horrible thought crouching ever on the periphery of her thoughts. That the emperor would chose someone for her to marry based on politics. Someone who would strengthen an alliance or come with many legions. Lucilla would have no choice in the matter. She would not, could not think of that tonight. \"Yes,\" her brow fretted only for a moment, \"But why should it not be him?\" And really, why should it not? Her father loved Maximus, she had heard him mention his name often. Yes, she felt almost certain she would be able to convince her father of the advantages of the match. Or at least she told herself she was certain. She laughed and let go of all rationality and the ignoble fears that went with it. The slave shook her head. There was no reasoning with a woman in love[Chapter 3] A/N So, I know it's been a long time since I wrote any of this, but because I got a few reviews (you guys are awesome and the main reason I write!) I got another chapter done for you! I have to warn you though, I am typically a very slow writer...snails are outstripping me constantly! And (ironically) with the end of the semester coming up, I'll probably have less time to write (because my family always wants me to spend time with them over breaks) so I probably won't get the next chapter up till some time after break. But I hope you enjoy it, and, as always, let me know what you think! Disgustedly, Lucilla slit one eye open as the blinding sun streamed through the curtains around her bed. She had been having a delightful dream but the cursed sun had ruined it and now she could not remember it. She sighed, stretched her arms, and yawned. Now for another dull day in Hispania. Then, with a sudden thrill, she remembered last night and a brilliant smile filled her face. She sprang out of bed and spun about in giddy circles. She proceeded to throw the curtains open and bask in the warm light. When her slave entered she spun about, \"Ah, there you are! I've been waiting forever! Quickly, I must get dressed.\" \"Yes my Lady.\" The slave had come prepared, carrying a simple white tunic, that fastened at the shoulder with a bronze broach. Lucilla's face clouded over in dismay, \"Oh no! That will never do. Bring my purple silk.\" \"Yes my Lady. Although I don't believe your father is having anyone over today.\" Lucilla smirked coyly, \"I know he's not. But who said I'm not?\" The slave's eyes opened with wonder. \"Is it that Lieutenant?\" \"It may or may not be,\" Lucilla chuckled. \"You know I don't like this my Lady. It feels wrong you know, and without even telling your father.\" \"Be quiet slave! Who are you to tell me what I can or cannot do? I am a Princess of Rome!\" \"Mea Culpa,\" The girl bowed in a posture of humility. \"Oh, stop sniveling and get the dress already.\" The slave wasted no time. When Lucilla was ready, she idled down to breakfast where she found her father. \"Good morning, Lucilla.\" Then, noticing her gown, he added, \"Are you going somewhere today?\" \"Good morning. No, I'm not going anywhere.\" \"Well, I hope you don't mind, I'm going to be out most of the day, at a meeting with some Senators.\" Lucilla smiled a little secret smile. \"Oh that's alright, after all, you are the Emperor.\" She replied, trying to sound as if she minded his absence terribly. Of course nothing was more pleasing to her. \"Very good.\" Her father left soon after. She watched from the window in the front room as his litter departed. After that moment, the seconds dragged by like hours. She tried to sit but found herself unable to for more than a few minutes. She paced, but having her back to the window for any length of time was unendurable. She ended up settling for standing at the widow, while drumming her fingers rhythmically against the pane. The sun traveled high into the crystal blue dome of the Hispanian sky and her slave urged her to eat something but still Lucilla refused to leave her post at the window. One, two, then three more hours slid by and a sinking disappointment began to creep in. \"And he said he'd come today,\" she murmured, nearly in tears. Her head ached and the sun was uncomfortably warm on her face. And of course, that was the moment he decided to appear. Riding up the road on one of the most beautiful black stallions she had ever seen and leading and equally exquisite chestnut mare beside him. Instantly, all imagined transgressions of tardiness were forgotten. She wondered if it was improper to run out and greet him, even as her feet were hastening toward the door. She made a compromise and walked slowly out. However, she could not resist letting a musical laugh ring out and calling, \"You know, I'd nearly given up on you coming!\" He grinned and closed the gap between them before swinging easily out of the saddle. \"I'm sorry if I kept you waiting.\" He bowed gallantly and kissed her hand. \"Don't worry, it's not like I didn't have other occupations.\" She almost couldn't resist laughing at the absurdity of the lie. \"But who is this lovely lady?\" She asked, stroking the mare's nose, effectively changing the subject before he could ask her what had kept her so occupied all day. He beamed with pride, \"That is Velox. You will not find a faster mare in the empire.\" \"I don't doubt it, she's lovely. And what about him? Is he faster?\" He smiled, \"Only a little, but we will make sure you can keep up, won't we Immitis?\" He addressed the horse and it nickered and stamped its agreement. \"Oh ho! You may know the horses, Lieutenant, but you do not known this rider. I challenge you to a race!\" She grinned defiantly. \"I dare not refuse!\" He laughed. The sound made something in her chest tie into a tight knot that radiated warmth to everything in her being. And when he took her hand in his to help her into her saddle, it was like his touch was magnetic and her hand had been made to fit into his. She let her small, delicate fingers linger in his calloused hand a moment longer than she should have, reveling in the roughness and strength. He mounted Immitis and asked with mock ceremony, \"The challenger must declare the ground rules. Where is the finish line?\" She giggled. \"Do you see that willow over there?\" \"The one across the wheat field?\" \"Yes, by the stream. That's where we'll finish.\" \"Alright. Three...two...\" She sprang forward. \"One! You cheated!\" He yelled, as he spurred his horse into motion. Lucillia could only giggle more then she was forced to hold her breath, awed at the speed of the animal she was flying with. The golden wheat rushed by like a breeze. It was a few moments before she even thought about Maximus, but when the wheat to her left was mowed down by a great set of thundering hooves she was alerted to his presence. \"Cheating never pays princess!\" He smiled wickedly as his horse began pulling ahead of hers. Even the fact that Lucilla was madly in love with him did not dull her desire to beat him, and beat him definitively. So instead of wasting energy on an answer, she leaned forward further and whispered, \"Faster!\" In Velox's ear. And if she thought she had been going fast before, now the horse accelerated so her hooves seemed barely to skim the ground. The willow was only one hundred yards away, now fifty, now twenty-five, now she was even with Maximus, now she was passing him...the tree...she had won! He came in a split second behind her. She smiled, breathless but happy, cheeks red and hair an absolute mess. She didn't known it, but he thought she must be the most perfect woman he'd ever seen. \"Well fought,\" he extended his hand, with just a hint of admiration in his voice. She took it, coloring a bit more with pleasure and beaming. \"Why thank you!\" He couldn't resist a barb though, \"Although I won't forget what happened at the beginning.\" She tried to look offended, \"How impertinent! I can hardly help that I have quick reflexes.\" He grinned wryly, \"Perhaps too quick.\" \"I'm hot, let's rest here a while.\" So he tethered the horses to the tree and they strolled in the shade along the bank of the stream. \"So Lieutenant, tell me about yourself, I hardly know anything about you, except that you own the loveliest horses I have ever seen.\" \"There isn't much to tell. I was born here, as the son the the governor, I've lived here all my life until I joined the army several years ago and I have a farm here...\" he trailed off, unsure of what else to say. \"Do you like it in my father's regiment? I think it must be an exciting life.\" \"Yes it is, and I very much like the campaigns and seeing other parts of the world, but if I've been gone long I begin to miss this place.\" She took in the scene in all its beauty, the green and silvery-white birch trees swaying the the breeze, the crystal clear stream stumbling and tripping over the red stones, and the strands of wheat tossing their heads like so many tiny golden horses. And the sun, smiling down on it all and wringing earthy fragrance out of everything. \"I can see why,\" she breathed with reverence. Then, thinking more she asked, \"But what's it like before a battle? I've often wondered. Are you frightened?\" \"Only a little. The funny thing is, the moment before a battle is always very still. And in that moment the fear and the nerves disappear, and you're thinking of your family, and your home and wondering how you ended up in all this carnage and bloodshed. But then you think of the enemy, and you think of your home and your family being destroyed and you know exactly why you're there. And not you're not there for yourself only, but for your emperor, and country and the glory of Rome. And then you're eager to fight, either to win renown or die in the attempt and your only fear is that you will fall short in some way.\" His eyes shone and the passion in his voice, when he spoke of Rome, thrilled her to her core. \"Oh what I would give to be there.\" They walked in silence for a while, both lost in their own world. The sun was Westering when he finally said, \"I must go, but I must thank you for one of the pleasantest afternoons I have spent in weeks.\" She smiled broadly, \"No, I must thank you! And the horses,\" she added, chuckling. They mounted and road back to the villa. As he rode off, she stood waving her hand, until he disappeared down the road.[Chapter 4] Ho! ho! ho! Santa came early! Yup. School ( finally ) ended so I had time to get this done. Yes, take a picture folks, because me posting two chapters in one month (gasp!) is rarer than a blue moon. Any way I hope you like it. I felt a little off my game, and like my style wasn't as good as past chapters, but it'll have to do. Merry Christmas and, (if I don't post again before 2017) Happy New Year! Lucilla did not see Maximus again for some time, and it drove her nearly mad. Every day she kept her eyes open for opportunities to see him and every day she was disappointed. Her father either did not go out, or went to extraordinarily dull meetings. One day, nearly a week after the horseback riding, she sat, attempting to weave at her loom. However, she was having difficulty concentrating and the wool kept tangling into knots. Knots that looked exactly the way she felt. \"Lucilla dear,\" her father's voice penetrated her frustrated silence. \"Yes?\" \"I'm going over to the barracks today to inspect some of my regiments. I was wondering if you would be interested in coming?\" She sighed deeply. One mustn't seem overeager. \"I suppose I shall. There's nothing better to do here.\" \"Very good, I'll call for the litter.\" The entire, jostling trip, Lucilla was filled with nervous energy. What would she say if she saw him? Would he act differently when her father was around? Or perhaps she wouldn't even see him at all! That would be a bitter blow. Resolving to be prepared, she tried to keep a calm demeanor and thought, \"He probably won't even be here.\" But it was difficult to squelch the mounting hope inside of her. Soon enough they reached the barracks and she gratefully exited the stuffy litter. An officer greeted her and her father, and offered to show them around the barracks and training center. Lucilla vaguely heard him saying things like \"That's where the men sleep,\" or \"This is where they practice archery,\" but most of her energy was focused on looking around for any sign of Maximus. When they came to a courtyard there were several groups practicing sword fighting. One man caught, and held, her attention. The way he spun and struck was spell binding. Transfixed, she hardly noticed when her father said, \"Lucilla, are you coming?\" \"What?\" \"Are you coming to see the stables?\" \"Oh, may I stay here? It's so interesting.\" \"Yes I suppose you wouldn't be in anyone's way.\" And then he called across the courtyard to the expert swordsman, \"Salve (see footer) Maximus!\" Maximus bowed and replied, \"Hail Ceaser!\" When he didn't acknowledge her, Lucilla's heart sank, but then she noticed he was smiling at her and she smiled back. Carefully, she began crossing the courtyard, dodging pairs of fighting men. When she felt close enough she settled herself on some stairs. There was something magical in the way Maximus fought. It was precise and quick and elegant, like a dance. Relentlessly, he wore down his opponent. And the more she watched the more she wanted to be a part of that dance. Apparently, Maximus had beaten his opponent because both men had stopped and were shaking hands, smiling and panting. The other man left and Maximus seemed to be preparing to go inside too. Taking her courage in both hands, Lucilla rose and walked calmly over to him. \"Hello Lieutenant.\" \"Princess Lucilla,\" he bowed, looking pleased. \"Forgive me, I did not see you sitting there.\" She smiled, \"I've been watching you these five minutes.\" \"Oh? And what did you think?\" \"I thought it was beautiful.\" He threw his head back laughing. She felt her cheeks begin to burn and indignation rising at this. Was he laughing at her? \"Why such scorn?\" She asked icily. \"Oh I did not mean to be scornful,\" he instantly became serious, \"I was only thinking, that that is the last word on earth I would think of to describe hand to hand combat.\" \"How very unimaginative of you. I was just thinking it's almost like a dance.\" \"Well, yes there is some truth to that. I stand corrected.\" She couldn't help smiling triumphantly. \"Only, when you've seen fighting as I have, when it is not mere practice, and everywhere there is death, and your comrades are falling on every side, and all you can think of is staying alive, then you might not find it quite so enchanting.\" \"Oh, I see.\" She felt quite subdued. For a moment there was silence. The grimness of his explanation seemed to have let all the air out of the courtyard. How could she have been so stupid? She was so naive! All she saw was a dashing young man but had she forgotten that he was also a soldier? That he was hardened and scared by the bitter realities of war and politics? \"I am sorry. I did not mean to be dower.\" He smiled and the sun shone again. \"Oh no don't apologize. It really is fascinating though, how people with different perspectives have different perceptions of things.\" She laughed nervously, trying to diffuse the situation. Then she added all in a rush, \"But will you teach me?\" \"Teach you what?\" Her heart beat wildly. What was she doing? \"Oh, never mind.\" \"No, what is it? I don't mind. I am completely at your service, your highness.\" He smiled and bowed playfully, and so reassuringly that she couldn't resist. \"Would you please teach me to fight?\" When she saw he looked slightly confused she quickly added, \"Only for fun of course.\" \"Yes, of course.\" Then, calling across the courtyard to a boy, \"Lexus, quick! Bring me the lightest sword you can find.\" \"Yes Lieutenant Maximus.\" The boy scurried off and soon returned with an elegant little sword. \"I used this when I was a boy,\" he explained, handing it to her. She grasped it clumsily and he smiled and said, \"Here, allow me.\" Again she felt the same magnetic pulse, as he took her fingers and gently molded them into the proper position around the hilt of the weapon. \"Now take a staggered stance, like this,\" he demonstrated, \"good! Now open up your torso,\" \"Like this?\" She tried to imitate him.\" \"Not quite. Here,\" he stepped behind her and guided her waist with his hands. He was sweaty and dirty and hot but she didn't care. All she wanted was for him to hold her like that forever. He seemed to feel it too because he didn't let go when he said, \"There. Now you're not so vulnerable to attack.\" \"I'm not so sure,\" Breathlessly, she murmured. She could practically feel him smile behind her. However he chose to ignore her pointed comment and moved back to his place in front of her. \"Good. Now you're ready for a an attack.\" He made a slow, jab at her left side and she lunged to block it. When she was successful she smiled proudly. \"Yes good, that's the general idea. The only problem is that your right arm came up. Now you're totally exposed on that side.\" \"Oh dear, I'd never survive!\" she laughed at her clumsiness. He smiled, \"It wasn't really that bad. Now you'll remember for next time. Keep trying.\" They skirmished for a while and Lucilla found that Maximus was an excellent teacher. He made her feel as though she were the best fencer in the world, while at the same time correcting all her mistakes. Soon she was breathless, hot, and happy. He was playing easy and had left his right side defenseless. She was laughing and just lunging for the kill, when her father's voice called across the courtyard. \"Lucilla! Maximus! Whatever are you doing?!\" She could not tell if he was angry. No matter. She could talk him out of anything. \"Oh Maximus has just been teaching me to fight father. He's really quite a wonderful teacher.\" They started walking towards him and soon the distance was closed. Maximus bowed, \"Ceaser.\" Then he added, \"I would never have taken the liberty if she had not asked herself.\" It was the first time Lucilla had ever seen him look flustered. It made him even more irresistible. Marcus was completely unreadable for a second until he smiled benevolently and said, \"Ah yes, sometimes my daughter has the most extraordinary, headstrong ideas, but I see no harm in it. Thank you for humoring her.\" Maximus bowed and kissed her hand. \"Of course. I wouldn't dream of anything else.\" She smiled gratefully. \"Well Lucilla dear, we must be going. I have a strict schedule to keep and I cannot keep my counselors waiting.\" \"Of course father.\" As she walked towards the litter Lucilla felt like exploding she was so jubilant. \"Thank you for asking me to come. I enjoyed it so much father.\" \"Oh yes, of course dear.\" Replied Marcus, absolutely oblivious. She smiled. \"Oh Lucilla, before I forget I must tell you something.\" \"Yes father?\" \"The plans for your marriage have been finalized.\" Her heart stopped. Gasp! Some actual plot is being introduced! Who knew I was capable of writing anything other than fluff? Lol. Salve is just a Latin greeting. I'm learning Latin and I couldn't resist having a geeky little moment there XD. See ya next time![Chapter 5] A/N Who's back?! That's right, I'm back! And I'm kind of digging this chapter. First because I think the introspective style of it came out well, and second, because of some personal stuff going on. I couldn't bear to write the happy end I want to do for my original fiction (because when you're sad, happy endings make you even sadder!) so writing this angsty stuff really fit the bill. Let me know what yalls think. Is it too short, too long, just right? Getting draggy, going too fast, does there need to be more plot and less fluff? Lemmie know and Enjoy! \"W-whatever do you mean father?\" Lucilla finally managed to stammer. \"I mean, that in December, when we return to Rome, you will be wed to Lucius Verus.\" \"But why?\" \"Because he comes from a wealthy, powerful family. The union will greatly strengthen the senate.\" She felt her face growing warm and angry sobs bubbling up in her throat threatened to burst forth. \"But father I've never even met him! What makes you think I could love him?\" \"Now don't start that again, we've been over this before, Lucilla.\" Something in his tone and voice was like iron. It said, more than the words themselves, that he was not to be provoked. And he was right. They had been over it many times before. The Emperor had told her for years now, that she would marry politically. Marrying for love had always been out of the question. Then why was she so distressed by the news? There was one simple answer: Maximus. How was she going to tell him? Her mind fairly burned with the thought. The rest of the trip home was filled with pregnant silence, and she succumbed, allowing the angry tears to fall down her cheeks unimpeded. When they reached the villa Marcus gave her one disgusted look and muttered, \"Compose yourself in time for dinner, we're going out tonight.\" She shot him a venomous glare and flew up the stairs without saying another word. Flinging herself on her bed to bemoan her life seemed the only option. She lay there for hours, horrible thoughts and images haunting her. What would this Lucius Verus be like? Was he young, old, homely, handsome? This last alternative made her shudder. She could not swallow the idea of him being handsome. There was only one man she could ever consider truly handsome. And that man had been put out of her reach forever in a paltry conversation with her hateful, cunning father. How she loathed the man who was going to sacrifice his own child on the alter of political imperialism. Oh yes, he would have his filthy Roman hierarchy strengthened. At what price? The terrible price of her happiness. Of course her father would never let her marry a soldier. What gain was there in that? As emperor, he had to play every card in his hand to its greatest advantage. She was a card, and Maximus was a card. She would strengthen the dynasty by marriage, and Maximus would strengthen it by military service. It would be a waste to use two cards at once. And she groaned when she remembered the happiness of the afternoon. Had it really been just a few short hours ago, or another lifetime? Eventually, her slave came in. Lucilla sighed a heavy sigh and wished to all the gods that she did not have to go out that night. What wonderful timing her father had. As the slave was applying her cosmetics, Lucilla felt tears beginning to brim in her eyes again. Oh she was a weak, foolish woman. \"Oh dear, how will I ever keep your makeup on my Lady?\" \"Oh Fulvia, it doesn't matter any more, weather or not I'm beautiful.\" The black paste ran down her cheeks and landed in inky puddles on her lap. \"Your father has chosen your husband for you, hasn't he?\" The most Lucilla could manage at the moment was a nod. Fulvia smiled compassionately and give her mistress' hand a squeeze. \"I understand. It's alright, you're beautiful just the way you are, my Lady.\" \"You are t-too kind.\" Lucilla choked. There was a knock on the door. It was one of her father's guards, coming to collect her. The journey to the senator's villa was silent and tense. As soon as they arrived Lucilla begged to be allowed to explore the gardens. \"You know, I didn't bring you here to hide and skulk,\" Marcus said, his voice lined by anger. \"Please father?\" He hesitated but something must have told him that he would not beat her tonight. He shrugged his consent and she gratefully slipped out. Hurriedly, she made for a promisingly secluded hedge maze. In the center there was an open space with a shallow pool in it, full of silver and gold fish. Fearing detection and dreading her inevitable return to the crowded house, she paced about there for many minutes. A terror clung to the back of her mind, that if she went back inside, she might have to face him. And he was absolutely the last person on earth she wanted to see at the moment. Finally, she ended up falling into a desperate kind of trance, hypnotized by the moonlight reflected off the water and her own dower thoughts running round and round in her head, till it made her dizzy. \"There you are! I thought I might find you here.\" Startled by the unmistakable masculine voice she jumped but did not turn. She could not look at him or she might fly to pieces that very instant. Her fists balled up the silver fabric of her gown at her sides. \"Lucilla?\" When he said her name, her own lovely name, divorced from it's awful title, it felt like she had been stabbed in the heart. He approached slowly, till he was standing directly behind her. \"Is anything wrong?\" Instead of doing the only reasonable thing, she swallowed hard, blinked back the moisture in her eyes, and painted on a smile that only an actress could match. Then the dreadful moment came and she faced him. \"No, nothing's wrong.\" \"Oh good. For a moment I was afraid you were annoyed and I had done something to anger you.\" His smile was visibly relieved. She gave a tortured chuckle, \"How could you ever anger me?\" \"I don't know, but I thought I may have inadvertently committed some offence in my fervor to make a favorable impression on you, like Orion with the Lady Artemis.\" \"Really? I did not know there was a love affair between them. How fascinating! You must enlighten me, I don't know this legend.\" \"You don't? Well, my father used to tell it to me as a boy. 'Maximus,' he would say, 'you must be careful around women, for they are slow to show affection and quick to anger.'\" She laughed in spite of herself. \"I must confess he spoke at least partial truth!\" \"The legend, goes something like this. Orion was a very skilled hunter. There's his constellation there, do you see it? Every day he hunted to provide meat for the god's table. One day Artemis, goddess of the hunt, asked if she could join him. Happily, he obliged her and took her to the forest with him the next day. When they spotted a deer, Orion carefully fixed and arrow to his bowstring and shot the beast in the heart. Artemis was so delighted by the shot, that she told all the other gods about it, including Zeus himself. Determined to impress her even more, Orion went out early the next morning and killed every animal he saw. He heaped the great pile of carcasses outside her door and knocked. When the goddess opened the door, and saw his offering, she was horrified! For you see, Artemis was also the protector of animals and the forest and punished those who took more than they needed. In her wrath she stamped her foot on the ground, and out of the cloud of dust, a great scorpion appeared. It stung Orion on the heel and he did in dreadful agony. But Zeus was so impressed by his skill, that he allowed Orion's constellation to be placed in the sky. \" Lucilla sighed. His voice soothed her to the very marrow of her bones. \"What an enchanting fable. Artemis must have been very beautiful indeed to cause Orion to act so recklessly.\" Suddenly, he surprised her by catching her waist and spinning her towards him so their faces were mere inches apart. \"Yes, but not nearly as beautiful as you.\" Even in that half light, she could see his eyes darkened with desire. He took her strong, angular jaw gently in both hands and nearly closed the distance between them. Her own heart was nearly pounding out of her chest but she realized what was happening only just in time. \"Maximus, there's something I must tell you.\" She stammered, panic stricken. \"It can wait,\" His voice came out in a throaty growl before his lips crashed into hers and the world exploded. The sheer passion of the moment blinded her to the reality of the situation. If she'd been firmer, she could have prevented it. But by her own weakness, and desire, she had allowed them both to lose their hearts. Their decisions were unanimously and irrecoverably made. From that point forward they were doomed to love each other for the rest of their lives. She explored his face with her hands, enjoying his coarse beard under her fingertips. When they broke panting for air, she realized that there were tears streaming down her face. This was all too much. She had never felt this before, for anyone, and she would rather die than lose him now. \"Now what was it that you wanted to tell me?\" She began to tremble. \"Oh Maximus, hold me, it will be easier that way.\" He was confused, but he did not refuse her. For a long time, she reveled in the feeling his his strong arms wrapped so securely around her and she allowed herself the pleasure of burying her head in his chest and quietly weeping. \"You know, it will be easier if you just tell me.\" Gently, he tried to prod it out of her. She gulped down a gigantic breath, trying to steady herself. \"I only wanted to say, that I love you.\" \"Well, is that such a terrible thing? Because I, for my part, adore you.\" \"No,\" she laughed unsteadily, \"it's not terrible at all.\" But all the while her heart was screaming at her \"You cowardly liar!\" He kissed her again. A cloud scuttled across the moon and thunder rumbled in the distance. A storm was brewing. Oh, one more thing for the future. I'm planning on (maybe, subject to change) writing a scene in Germania. You know, the one set near the very beginning of the movie. Would you guys like to see me do that with the same lines from the movie, or change things up a bit? I know I kept the first chapter of the story pretty true to the movie, so I do kind of hesitate to take too many liberties. Just let me know what you guys want and I'll figure something out! See ya next time![Chapter 6] Okay folks, we have the lovely AngiieHerondale entirely to thank for commenting, and making me get my lazy butt in gear and write this chapter! It was a very fun one. I don't know if I captured all the emotion I wanted to, but hopefully you get at least a little bit of a sense of what I was going for. Writing for me can be a very frustrating experience because it's like this awesome picture I have in my head but I don't have the right paint and brushes or enough skills to paint it on a canvas. Often my best work is thoroughly vetted and I've revised it and gone over it a few times. Good writing is like fine wine, it takes time for it to mature! But anyway, I hope you guys like this. Sorry for tyepos. Wrote this late at night when my brain was already pretty spent from studying and Basketball watching XD! See you around the writer's block (See what I did there?! XP)! The summer days began fading into fall. The thin hard grains of wheat, nurtured by the heat and rain and rich black earth swelled and morphed from pale yellow to lustrous gold. Each evening, the sun dropped from the clear mirror of the sky and hid itself behind the rim of the black earth a bit sooner than the night before. The stars burned a bit brighter, the moon glowed a bit colder, foreshadowing the mysterious nights of winter. The earth poured forth her abundance and all creation seemed to ring out it's praise to the gods. These should have been lovely times for Lucilla, however, they were not. As the earth poured out her beauties, Lucilla felt something in her heart constricting, like the moment at night, in winter, when water becomes ice. A shadow was looming over her and she could do nothing to stop it, at least for herself. She could however end the agony for someone who she cared for very much, only she was too afraid, too selfish, too cowardly. She saw much of Maximus in those days, he invited her to his farm nearly every afternoon he was not training with his regiment. She hardly even tried to hide her visits from her father any more. Marcus was busy and also oblivious of the romance between his daughter and Lieutenant. Such an idea was indeed inconceivable to his calculating mind. The thought of anything so human as romance rarely penetrated those dark corridors where his daughter or Lieutenant were concerned. So it came to pass, that one sun kissed afternoon in September, Lucilla and Maximus were sitting upon a hill, in the midst of swaying, heavy laden lemon trees, watching Maximus' servants gathering the wheat. Lucilla was sitting with her back propped against a tree and Maximus had stretched the length of his body next to her and laid his head in her lap. She liked the expression on his face, the way his long, dark eyelashes curled against his cheek and the sunlight and shadows took turns etching delicate lines across the contours of his jaw. She like the feeling of his soft hair as she brushed it back from his forehead. But she must be one cursed by the gods. For there was no peace or bliss for her even here, in paradise. The looming cloud of her faceless husband seemed to crush out the image of the man lightly dozing in her lap, even as he lay there, so tangible, yet utterly unattainable. His eyes fluttered open, and he smiled sleepily. \"Lucilla Love, do you like it here?\" He asked, languidly. \"More than I can describe.\" She replied, unable to keep a note of sorrow out of her voice. \"You would not mind being away from Rome?\" \"I should like to stay here always. But you know that my father and I are leaving here at the end of November.\" \"Yes, that is most regrettable, but Lucilla, I must ask you something.\" And he sat up, beginning to look as though he had something very serious indeed that he wanted to say. Lucilla could feel beads of sweat forming on her brow and back. Her hands were starting to tremble. She could not do this, not here, not now, not in paradise. The thunder which had peeled on that night in June, and had promised a howling raging storm, reechoed through her very soul. She did not want to see the sheets of black rain mar this perfection. \"Can it wait?\" She tried feebly. \"No it can't!\" He laughed, pulling her to her feet beside him. \"But first let's get away from here and go somewhere we can really be alone.\" For though no one was really observing them, there were many field hands and servants about. \"But were are we going?\" She protested. He had her by the hand and was running up the hill at a painful speed. When they reached the top she stopped dead in her tracks and nearly forget everything but what she saw. \"Oh the sea! \" She breathed in the tangy air and let out a panting breath. She had forgotten this wild, living thing called the sea, and the way it made her feel so small, like one of the grains of the sand on the beach. Like nothing really mattered at all, except being there. \"I haven't been to the sea since I was a little girl!\" \"Shall we go down?\" \" Shall we? Shall we race?!\" She laughed and took off sprinting. He thought it outrageously funny, and laughed at her, \"Still a cheater I see! But you'll never outstrip me on foot!\" And he was right. He reached the waves a full minute before she did and stood laughing at her as she clutched at her side and slowly limped into the shallow breakers, after carefully removing her expensive sandals. \"No...fair...!\" She panted, splashing him in the face with water. \"What?!\" He gaped at her boldness and she smiled but still could not find enough breath to laugh. \"How dare you splash Lieutenant Maximus Decimus Meridius, of the Imperial Roman Army in the face?\" She stuck her tongue out at this pompous speech. \"And how dare you leave Princess Lucilla, Daughter of Emperor Marcus Aurelius, alone and unattended in a place she does not know?\" Then he splashed her and she screamed. She lost her balance, reeling backward as a larch breaker came in, and would have fallen completely, had he not stretched out his arms just in time and wrapped her into his embrace. The churning foam rushed about their legs and flecked their lips and hair. Her white dress was quickly becoming rags. \"Lucilla, say you'll marry me.\" And before she could say anything at all his lips had captured hers again in that ever maddening embrace . He had managed to surprise her with a question she had been both expecting and fearing for months. She could not reply to this, could not tell him she had been deceiving him and selfishly devouring his heart for months, not even attempting to spare him any pain. So she deepened this kiss instead. She forgot time and space and everything but his lips. She dueled for domination, almost becoming angry in her passion. When the need for air finally overcame her, she broke fiercely and turned away from him. \"Was that a yes?\" \"I do not know. I would rather not talk about it this instant if you don't mind.\" \"Lucilla look at me.\" He took her face between his hands, forcing her to meet his honest eyes. It was like being stabbed. \"Do you love me?\" She shook her head in despair, battling the weak tears that would fill her eyes. \"I love you more than life itself.\" And then he beamed, completely transfixed. \"Lucilla my one, dear, love. Then why will you not be my wife?\" \"I... I would, but you must ask my father first.\" \"Yes of course. I'll go ask him right now!\" And he was already running back in to the shore. \"NO!\" He wheeled around, surprised by her adamance. \"Why ever not?\" \"My father is stubborn. He-he may not like this plan!\" \"Come, your father loves and respects me, and surely he will see the advantages of the match. Just let me ask him.\" All she could do was nod her head. He grinned and ran off. She hated herself more every second. She should be the one to tell him of her engagement. The waves crashed on her, one after another, each one saying \"Coward\" in its hissing, whispering voice, she thought it would drive her mad, and then she fled from the sea, to the shore. The sand clung to her skirt and feet. Her heart slammed into the walls of her chest and she found it hard to breath. Heavy weights were crushing her soul. She paced back and forth, images of what her father and Maximus might be saying flashed through her head. Oh this was unendurable agony! Why hadn't she told him! An hour passed. Her tongue stuck to her throat. Her eyes felt dry and ached from the stinging salt. Where was he? Perhaps her father had been persuaded? No no no no. It was impossible. When at last she saw Maximus on the crest of the hill she ran toward him, unable to take the suspense any more. His face was like death. \"Lucilla, how could you?\" \"Maximus, I...\" \"You're engaged? You've been engaged since JUNE!?\" \" It was my father, Maximus what could I do?\" \"At least have the decency to tell me? And to think, all the times I kissed you and told you I loved you and you said it back! How could you say it? It makes me want to choke myself just thinking of it you little viper! And now I've made a complete fool of myself in front of your father!\" \"Oh, is that all you care about now? For all your fine words about loving and devoting your life to me is it really only your career that you care about after all? Are you just like my father? Devoted the to his beloved Roma above everything else? I should have known you were self serving and bloodthirsty and lusting for glory from the very beginning! I suppose I was the next step in your climb of the Imperial ladder?\" \"Don't insult me with lies!\" \"Lies, who's talking about lying? It's you who lied when you told me you loved me. I can't help it I was forced into an engagement against my will.\" \"That, Princess, is your affair.\" \"But I only found out in June, Maximus!\" \"Oh really? Your father made it painfully clear to me that this marriage has been in the works since before you were born. And you claim to have had absolutely no idea? You hardly deserve to be called a princess of Rome you've behaved so shamelessly! Pray tell me, how can there be love between two people where there is no trust? You are not the woman I fell in love with.\" \"You Horrid, awful man, how can you be so fickle? Look in my eyes not and tell me you don't love me! SAY IT!\" She was sobbing violently, her liquid heart pouring out of her eyes. \"There, you see, you CAN'T! If I wasn't the woman you fell in love with you'ed be able to!\" He spoke, measuring his words, carefully, barely keeping control of the storm that was his emotions. \"You just look like her.\" She shook her head, shuddering with sobs. \"I hope you die, cold and unloved fighting your cruel wars for my cruel father and I never see you ever again!\" And she let fly all the force she had through the back of her hand connecting solidly with his cheek. The same cheek not two hours ago she had stroked and kissed. His head whipped to the side but he did not even stagger under her week blow. \"GET OUT OF MY SIGHT!\" He bowed stiffly, \"Your Majesty, I think you need not fear our meeting again, this side of Elysium.\" His words were like having her soul ripped from her body. She collapsed on the ground, too miserable to conquer her pride an apologize or beg him to stay. He walked away from her, very slowly. He walked out of her life.[Chapter 7] I just finished my last Final of high school and sat down to write this because you poor people have been sorely neglected... A brisk, cool breeze whispered through the room. Lucilla sat bolt upright with a start and realized she must have left the doors to the terrace open. She sighed dully, and stood to close them. Yes, she had thought that in that summer of 170 that Maximus had walked out of her life forever, that she would never see him again. But she had seen him again, seen him in a dripping forest, seen him in prison, seen him on that awful, blood spattered sand. These were all the memories which were too fresh, too painful to revisit. She reached the door to the terrace, but instead of closing it, she walked out instead. It was a cold, clear, keen, piercing moment. The night was leaning into morning, the stars were surrendering to the pale gray streak in the East. Rome lay sprawled beneath her like a city of the gods, the grime and the filth that showed plainly in daylight, masked under a thin mist, the last shreds of the mantle of night. Ah Rome. Who was she without Rome? Who would she be divorced from that crushing, strangling hand that had held her in its deathly grip all her life? She reflected on her relationship with that city, which was her mother. In the beginning, she had known nothing. She had accepted the mother who nurtured her and fed her and made her its imperial daughter. She had learned to live in, and enjoy her wealth and status. She had been upset at the thought of leaving. But then, she had found Hispania. She had found someone who made her small, Roman, world disintegrate with one glance. Then she loathed Rome for taking him from her, but after the first sting, she had turned back. In her bitterness and anger towards him, she had realized, that though he may desert her, Rome never would. So she devoted herself to it. To the empire, to politics, to serving her father and furthering his cause. She had married Verus, she had born him a son. And somewhere along the line she had learned from her mother how to be cruel and cold and to have a crushing suffocating gravity of her own. She had believed in Rome. She had believed, not only that it was worth the life of one good man, but the life of every man, woman, and child on the face of the planet. But here, looking now, at the mystical city below her, she realized it was only a mirage. The greatness of Rome was only a shadowy thing, that faded and disintegrated with the first rays of the sun's brilliance. The doubts that had been forming on the floor of the arena near the body of her love now fully realized themselves. She must leave Rome. There was nothing left here for her. Nothing except ghosts and memories. Bitter tears ran down her face as she realized her grievous mistake. She should have married Maximus and run off with him. Why had she not? Because she cared too much about Rome. Because of her duty. Duty. What a cold crushing word. Now they would say it was her duty to raise her son as an heir to the throne. People expected it. They expected the democracy to fail. Perhaps it would. What did it matter? Duty? Had she not already fulfilled hers? Had she not given Rome a father, a brother and her love? How could she be expected to also give it her son? The gray strip in the East was turning peach. And suddenly, the tears turned from bitter, to relived. She was sorrowful, but there was a way to escape this Hades. She and Lucius would leave. She did not know where, or what she would find there, but she must start somewhere new. She was under no illusions that she herself would ever be able to be renewed, that was indeed too much to ask. But she could give Lucius a future. Had those not been his last words to her? Her son was safe. She would go and seek the peace that she and him so desperately needed. Then the fear and bitterness would be gone, and she could find rest in fading and becoming part of the haunting, beautiful, nightmare of memory. She breathed in one last deep breath of the clear morning air, then reentered the room. She hit the small gong on the wall to summon a servant. \"Livia, order the carriage and pack only what is necessary for me and my son. We will leave Rome in two hours.\" Finis. AHHHH I am a very mean author. I guess I have some explaining to do to you guys! So yeah, this is the last chapter (and a short one too, sorry!). Originally (approximately a year ago when this little yarn began weaving itself) I had planned on making this longer. Maybe tying in a bunch more Commodus stuff (Let's be honest, who doesn't love Joaquin Phoenix?) but I got going on the Maximus/Lucilla backstory stuff and it was great fun. Then, I reached this point, where I'd told pretty much all I had for that, and I was going to have to start a new part (or Act. Did you notice the chapter names changed?). But, some major life changes are coming down the line very fast for yours truly. I may or may not be in a place where I have no internet access practically indefinitely. My writing is slower than a snail, so I didn't want to start this whole new plot and be one of those jerks who doesn't finish their story. So I've finished it. Sorry if you feel it's a cliffhanger, but this is the first multi chapter fic I've ever finished and I feel so accomplished! Thank you all for all the support. I love you (readers and reviewers) so very much. You are the reason this fic got finished. If someone wants to write a sequel, more power to them. Also, don't expect any more fics from me in the near future (maybe ever in fact!) because of said life changes. If you happen to want to read more of my work, just shoot me an email at and it will make my day. I squeal and scream and wave my hands around for a while before delightedly sending you my novella (it's almost finished, I promise!) and impatiently waiting for you to tell me what you think. I could go on, I really could, but I guess I should wrap this up. Thank you so much loves! JJJPK ","Summary":" A/N So, I recently watched Gladiator and fell in love all over again. It's such an AMAZING STORY (M"},{"Movie":"Evil Dead Army of Darkness","Title":"EVIL DEAD : Resurrection","Author":"Night Owl 93","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9078088","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"So what's this place like, anyways?\" asked Veronica as she laid in the back of the van with her head on her boyfriend, Ivan's, lap. She took a drag off her joint, then handed it over to him. \"Well, it used to be a real shit-hole,\" answered Louis as he maneuvered the van along the narrow, winding mountain road, \"but my uncle Don and his crew fixed it up real good. It's got satellite, a pool, not to mention fully stocked with food and booze.\" \"Sounds like a sweet joint,\" Veronica responded, blowing the green smoke out between her red lips, her fingers playing with her black-streaked blonde hair. \"Speaking of joint,\" said Ivan, stifling his breath to hold the smoke in his lungs as he passed the joint on to Erin, who sat in the front passenger seat. \"You said it's secluded, right?\" she asked Louis. \"Yep, it sure is,\" he told her, \"It's right in the middle of the woods, and there's a trail to go hiking on.\" \"Awesome,\" she said with a smile, leaning over to give him a kiss on the cheek. Another ten minutes of driving later, the van pulled up in front of the small, white cabin. The light breeze caused the swing on the porch to thump against the banister. \"Oy, finally,\" Veronica groaned as she hopped out of the car, stretching her muscles. Louis went around to the rear of the van and unlocked it so everyone could get out their bags. As Veronica was reaching inside for hers, Ivan snuck up behind her to pinch her on the butt. She gave a yelp from surprise, then turned around, shoving Ivan's bag into his chest so hard she almost knocked the wind out of him. \"Oomph,\" Ivan grunted, \"Oh, you know you like it baby.\" \"Not as much as you do, Ivan Von Full-of-yourself,\" she replied, hefting out her own bag. While Louis was pulling out his heavy duffel bag, he noticed Erin a couple yards away, standing faced towards the forest. Louis called out to her, but she didn't seem to hear him. He walked over to her to see that her gaze was fixed on the woods, her eyes staring vacantly out towards the trees without ever blinking. \"Babe,\" he said, gently shaking her shoulder, \"Hey, you home?\" Her eyes blinked and she turned to Louis, her trance broken. \"What?\" she said. \"What are you looking at?\" he asked her. \"I... I don't know. Something about those woods...\" she said, looking back to the forest. \"She's just stoned,\" Ivan hollered out to them from the porch where he and Veronica stood waiting, \"Hurry up, it's humid as fuck out here!\" And so, Erin pulled herself away from her tree-gazing and got her suitcase out of the van and followed behind Louis as he unlocked the front door. Inside, it was even more spectacular than they thought. The hardwood floor was polished so shiny one could see their own reflection in it, the walls were covered with a crisp white wallpaper, the windows draped with dark red curtains. The living room was filled with plush, comfortable leather furniture and an ovular glass coffee table. It was also equipped with a full entertainment system; flat-screen TV, stereo system, an X-Box, Wii, and racks overflowing with DVDs and video games. In the far right wall was a fireplace with a hearth of gray rocks. By the fireplace was a dining table that extended on into the kitchen. \"Dude, this place fuckin' rocks!\" Ivan proclaimed as he slid his bag from his shoulder, dumping it to the floor. \"I wonder what this place looked like before,\" Erin inquired as she looked about the place, her eyes falling on the cellar door in the floor of the corner of the room to her left. \"Trust me babe,\" Louis chuckled, his hand squeezing her waist, pulling her to him, \"you don't wanna know.\" \"So which way to the pool?\" Veronica asked, \"I could do with a cool-off.\" \"Right down this way,\" Louis answered as he led the way down the hallway to the back door, which opened to a newly added terrace. Through that, it led out to the swimming pole dug into the ground, filling the clearing of trees there. Veronica eagerly dashed down the steps, peeling off her clothes as she ran for the pool. Once she was down to her lingerie, she dove headfirst into the cool, crystal-clear water. Ivan followed after her, stripping down to his gray briefs and cannon-balling into the water. Louis, meanwhile, ducked back inside. \"So are you going to join in, or just watch?\" Veronica asked when she resurfaced. \"I think I'm just gonna work on my tan,\" Erin answered, unfolding one of the green lounge chairs, then peeling off her Michigan State t-shirt, leaving her in her white bra and cut-off jeans. \"Like you need work on it,\" Veronica joked, commenting on Erin's red-brown-colored Native American skin. Ivan then came up behind Veronica, wrapping his arms around her waist and pulling her back, dunking them both back under the water, while Erin laid back in the chair, taking her MP3 out of her pocket and plugging the earphones into her ears, soaking in the sound of her music and the soothing warmth of the sun. She was brought out of her relaxation when a sudden icy breeze brushed her skin. Her eyes opened again, looking to her right, where she felt the breeze coming from. As she gazed through the thick jungle of ancient trees, she got the strangest feeling, like there were a hundred eyes on her at once, like there was someone, or something, lurking out there that was watching her, even though she saw nothing there. Instinctively, she touched her necklace made of woven leather and stones and crystals. Her grandmother had made it for her years ago, telling her it was for her protection. She didn't know if it actually worked, but it helped her feel safe at times, like now. As soon as her fingers touched the stones over her chest, that feeling disappeared. She nearly jumped right out of her seat as a hand touched her shoulder. Happily, it was just Louis, shirtless and holding a wine cooler in each hand, offering one to her. \"Oh, Louis,\" she sighed, taking the bottle, \"It's just you.\" \"Who were you expecting? Lucifer? Ha ha ha.\" Erin gave a meek laugh and sipped from her drink, her fingers remaining entwined in her necklace. Louis grabbed himself a chair and plopped down beside her. \"So, I was thinking,\" he then said after a belch, \"later on, maybe we could go out on a hike, get a feel for these woods around here.\" Erin looked back towards the forest, that paranoid part of her wanting to check and make sure there was not actually anything out there, and there still wasn't. \"Sure,\" she then said, turning back to Louis with a smile, \"That's sounds alright.\" here's my Evil Dead story. don't worry, it's not any remake or anything, more of a sequel. this is actually based on a nightmare i recently had, and i just thought it'd make a perfect fan-fiction i was originally going to just write this as a one-shot, but it looks like it'll end up getting stretched much further than that :P enjoy[Chapter 2] Half an hour later, Louis and Erin were changed out and were venturing through the thick forest, trekking through tall grass and stomping over fallen branches and debris. The sunlight shining through the leaves cast a glowing green aura across the land. \"This is paradise, isn't it?\" Louis remarked dreamily. \"I guess,\" Erin responded, looking this way and that through the trees. \"You guess? I thought you liked being out in nature like this?\" \"I do, usually. I don't know why, but these woods give me the creeps.\" \"Well, don't worry baby,\" Louis chuckled, coming up behind Erin and snaking his arms around her waist, \"I'll protect you.\" Erin couldn't help but laugh at her boyfriend's corniness, and turned in his arms to face him, wrapping her arms around his neck to pull him in for a kiss. Just as their lips met, she suddenly pulled back. \"Did you hear that?\" she said. \"Just the crickets providing the mood music, hehe,\" answered Louis. He went in for another kiss, which only lasted for a second before Erin pulled away again when a much louder, more prominent 'snap' echoed from nearby. \"That,\" she then said, \"You heard that, right?\" \"It's probably just some bird, or gopher, or something,\" Louis said with an indifferent shrug of his shoulders, \"We are in their neck of the woods you know, no pun intended.\" Despite his nonchalant attitude, Erin separated herself from him and ventured towards where the sound had come from. With Louis following behind her, the two continued on down an incline, and were horrified by what they found: the half-rotted corpse of a dead coyote caught in a web of thorny branches between two trees, hanging like a marionette puppet from the branches wrapped around its neck and front limbs. The front legs themselves were separated from its body, torn off and hanging from the branches. Its muzzle was caked with black dried blood, along with the rest of its body from where its flesh had been sliced with the thorns. The flesh itself was hanging loose from its skeleton like a suit two sizes too big, and was being feasted on by a flock of crows, their long black beaks piercing the rotting flesh and pecking at the bones, creating the snapping noise they had heard. Erin was forced to turn away, hunching over and gripping her stomach, which was rumbling with the threat of vomiting. \"Ugh, god,\" she gagged, doing her best to stifle the urge to heave. The sound of her voice spooked the birds, forcing them to take flight. Their wings flapped frantically as they soared straight upwards. The gust of wind they created blew the horrible stench of the corpse straight towards them. Louis covered his face in time and was able to keep himself from getting hit by the smell, but Erin was not as steely as he was; she braced herself against the nearest tree and puked her guts out. Once her stomach was emptied, she straightened herself, wiping her mouth off with the back of her wrist. \"What... ugh,\" she groaned, \"What the hell happened to him?\" \"It looks like it got stuck in the thorns,\" Louis answered, keeping his hand over his mouth, \"then chewed off its own limbs to try and get free.\" As he examined the gruesome scene, he started moving in closer to it. \"Louis! What do you think you're doing?\" \"I'm just going in for a closer look.\" As he got closer and closer to the maggot-infested dog carcass, he noticed something. Just about two or three feet away from the coyote, there was something sticking out of the ground that looked like the corner of something square that was halfway buried. He then carefully slid his way through the branches, maneuvering his way through the dangerous network of thorns. Once he made it through, he crouched down and went to work digging away the dry soil and twigs, bringing the object to light. It was a rectangular parcel, wrapped up in a tattered brown cloth. When he stripped away the cloth, it was revealed to be a book, or at least, that's what it appeared to be. The cover was some kind of thick, dried leather, and on the front it was shaped with, what looked like, a human face, stretched tautly into a permanent scream. Stricken with a sense of macabre fascination, he opened it and began thumbing through the pages. The papers were yellowed with age and were covered in scribbling written in some bizarre ancient language, also containing drawings of all manner of demonic-looking creatures. Before he could examine it any closer, he turned back to his girlfriend that was calling out for him to return. So Louis clutched the strange book to his chest and prepared himself to go back through those thorns. Oddly enough, as soon as his hand touched one of the branches to push it aside, the entire web collapsed to the ground, taking the coyote down with it, clearing the way for him to pass right through. Louis just shrugged off the weirdness of this and continued to walk back up to Erin. \"What is that?\" she asked him, seeing the object in his hand. \"Check it out!\" he said, his voice perking up like a kid showing off his awesome new birthday present. Erin ran her finger down the spine and shivered. \"That thing is disgusting.\" \"It's actually kind of fascinating,\" said Louis as the both began walking back towards the cabin, \"The text looks ancient Sumerian to me. It may take me a while, but I bet I can translate it. All those ancient language courses may finally come in handy, hehe.\" \"Wait a minute,\" Erin then whispered, stopping them both dead in their tracks, \"Do you hear that?\" Louis held still and listened around, but couldn't hear a thing. \"No,\" he whispered back, \"I don't hear anything.\" \"That's just it,\" she then said, \"I don't hear anything! No more bugs, no birds; it's all gone so quiet.\" He then realized that she was right; it was completely quiet out. Just moments ago, the forest was alive with the sounds of birds chirping and insects buzzing, but in an instant, everything had gone mute. The only noise now was that of their own voices. \"Let's get the hell out of here!\" Erin shuddered, jumping right into a near-jog. \"Wait for me!\" hollered Louis as he followed after her.[Chapter 3] They were all sitting in the living room, passing around doobies, sipping alcoholic beverages, and pigging out on junk food in front of the TV. Louis, meanwhile, remained on the outside of the circle, sitting in the armchair with the book on his lap, reading glasses on his nose as he went over the contents inside it and writing down some notes and translations onto a notepad. \"So what have you learned, professor?\" Ivan then asked. \"Like whose face they ripped off to make the cover?\" Veronica herself asked, only half-joking. \"Apparently this book is called, 'Naturom Demonto', in English: 'The Book Of The Dead'. It's basically a kind of ancient spiritualism manual,\" answered Louis, \"Like a field guide to the spirit world.\" \"Sounds wicked,\" said Veronica, \"Let me see.\" Louis passed the book on to Veronica, who proceeded to flip through the pages, looking over the eerie artworks inside while Ivan peered over her shoulder to get a look as well. \"And you found this thing buried in the woods?\" asked Ivan. \"Yeah,\" Louis answered, \"I can't believe somebody just trashed something so valuable.\" \"Can you blame them?\" Erin muttered, her knees folded against her chest, eyeing the book warily from a distance. As Veronica continued to flip through the pages, she suddenly uttered a sharp cry. \"Yow! Damn, a paper cut!\" A single drop of her blood fell into the book before she took her finger between her lips to suckle on the small, oddly deep, cut. When her eyes fell back on the book, a new light gleamed in them. \"Hey!\" Veronica elated, \"There's a part here in English!\" Louis jumped up from his seat to get a look for himself. Even after he saw it, he still couldn't believe it. \"That wasn't in there before,\" he said. \"Maybe you just need some new glasses,\" Ivan joked. \"What's this part say?\" Veronica asked, pointing to the header at the top of the page, which was still in that ancient language. \"It says...\" Louis answered, \"something about resurrecting dormant spirits, kind of an invocation, or something. I'm not sure; the writing's faded.\" \"Sick! Hey, why don't you read some, Vee?\" Ivan said, nudging Veronica's shoulder, \"Invite some ghosts to come and party with us, hahaha!\" Before she could, Erin interjected, \"Please, don't.\" \"Oh, come on, Erin,\" Veronica chuckled, \"It's not like this stuff is for real or anything.\" \"You don't know that,\" Erin replied, \"To the people who wrote it, it was.\" \"Well, they're all worm-feed now, aren't they?\" Veronica retorted, rolling her eyes, holding the book up as she prepared to begin reading the passage. Not wanting to be around to hear any of it, Erin retreated to the kitchen. But even from there, she could still hear Veronica reading aloud. \"Tantir, Ah'mis, Trobeen, A'zarta, Manov, Mansizo, Ha'zan, Sobar...\" Erin, still refusing to hear anymore of it, stormed out of the kitchen, down the hallway and out onto the terrace. \"What's her problem?\" Veronica grumbled, pausing from her reading. Louis then rose and walked out to follow after Erin. \"Keep reading, baby,\" Ivan goaded, nudging Veronica's shoulder again. And so she did. \"Montosse, Astratta, Nosf'ratos, Irn'rex, Nakta, Amantos, Can'da.\" By the time she was finished, Louis was outside with Erin, who was standing leaned forward, resting both her elbows on the wooden railing. Her gaze remained fixed on the sunset, the orange sun lowering past the trees. So focused on it, was she, that she didn't even notice her boyfriend's presence. She didn't even jump when his arms wrapped around her stomach from behind. \"Did it bother you that much?\" he asked her. \"I just don't think that kind of stuff should be taken lightly,\" said Erin. \"Hmm, you're so weird,\" Louis chuckled next to Erin's ear, trying to lighten the mood, \"But that's what I love about you.\" His charm succeeded in winning Erin over, as it always had, and her face broke into a smile. \"Let's go back inside,\" she finally said, and they both returned inside the cabin. As they reentered, Veronica was in the middle of pouring another drink. When she saw Erin, she pulled her into a hug of inebriated friendliness. \"Hey, I'm sorry about pissing you off with that voodoo shit,\" she slurred. \"It's okay,\" said Erin, \"But you can make it up to me by mixing me another drink.\" \"Coming right up.\" Veronica went to fix Erin her promised drink, then paused. \"Did you guys hear that?\" she asked to anyone who could answer 'yes'. \"Hear what?\" asked Ivan. Then, as if answering for itself, the noise returned, a low rustling, scratching noise. \"Where's it coming from?\" Louis wondered. The rustling returned, followed by a whoosh and crash as something plummeted down from inside the chimney and landed in the fireplace. \"What the hell?\" Louis muttered as he stepped closer to investigate. \"It's a crow,\" he proclaimed as he picked up the deceased bird by its wing. Everyone in the room moved in closer to get a look at it. Its neck was broken, its head lolled over to the side with its beak hanging open. \"Many cultures believe that crows deliver lost souls into the afterlife,\" Erin randomly stated, not wanting to get close to the carcass in Louis' hand. \"So what does it mean when a crow dies?\" Veronica asked as she ran her fingers down the soft feathers of the crow's belly. But before Erin could answer, the unthinkable happened. The crow they had thought was dead suddenly sprang to life. Its wings flapped wildly and it started screeching unlike any bird on Earth, forcing Louis to release his hold on it. When he did, the thing went straight at Veronica, its beak and talons clawing at her face, causing her to fall on her back to the floor. She tried to swat it away with one hand while she used her other arm to shield herself, but the thing persisted, slashing her hands and her arms. Ivan moved in to try and grab at it. When he did, its beak stabbed into the flesh of his palm, and it continued its assault on Veronica. Leaping into action, Louis grabbed the small shovel by the fire hearth and used it to bat the bird away, sending it flying until it smacked against the wall and slid down to the floor. Its legs gave a few weak twitches, then went still. \"Oh my god, baby, are you okay?\" said Ivan as he scooped up the hysterical Veronica in his arms. Her arms were cut up something fierce, same for her face. Her lips and right nostril were split and her right eyelid was sliced pretty bad. \"We got to get those cuts cleaned up,\" said Erin, and she and Ivan both began to lead her out of the living room. Just as they were about to exit, the crow suddenly came alive yet again. Its wings had been badly broken, so it could not rise off the floor, only flop around like a suffocating fish. Veronica whimpered and tried hiding behind Erin in panic. Erin took Veronica out of the living room and walked her down the hall towards the bathroom, while Ivan stormed across the room towards the bird. As he stood over it, he could see how badly damaged the thing's body really was. Its beak was crushed, its right wing snapped while its other was completely dislocated, its left leg was broken, and its ribs were protruding from its skin. Not only that, but its eyes were somehow completely milked over, just solid white. \"Jesus,\" Louis gasped, \"How the hell is that thing even still alive?\" \"Not for long,\" Ivan grunted as he raised his foot above the crow and stomped down on its head, crushing it, then continued to trample the animal until it was nothing but a black-feathered pancake on the floor. \"That's what you get for cutting up my girlfriend, you little shit!\" and so it begins, MUAHAHA! :D don't forget to comment ","Summary":" \"So what's this place like, anyways?\" asked Veronica as she laid in the back of the van with her "},{"Movie":"Evil Dead Army of Darkness","Title":"No Indians in my Cupboard","Author":"ReneeHouck","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11618388","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is an idea that I've toyed with (no pun intended) for quite a few years, and I finally decided to place Ash in this position, out of everyone else. I can't promise that I know where this is headed, but hopefully you'll enjoy it all the same. Disclaimer: I do not own the Evil Dead franchise whatsoever. I also do not own the character Ash Williams, nor do I own the show that's briefly mentioned (Jack of all Trades, for those who are curious). I don't even own the dog that's in this story, because she is not mine. I only own Heather. Wind whipped around the woods with undeniably harsh force. Roots rose and fell, struggled to free themselves from the earth and made it look as if the ground itself were breathing in the gusts of air. Trees practically bent like tall blades of grass as their leaves caught the wind, many of them ripping off at the stem. There was no storm though, no rain pelted the ground to soften it and there was no thunder trying to roar over the howls of the air. Lightening didn't threaten the trees to catch them on fire, or even any unfortunate souls that were in the woods at the time…not that anyone was out there. No, a hurricane would've been easy to handle, let alone to explain in regards to what was going on. Nothing within the past two days of Ashley Williams' life was easy to explain. All he'd wanted to do, was spend time with his girlfriend, Linda, at an abandoned cabin. And sadly in those two days, the dead began to walk the earth because of some damned book and a few translated words on a tape recorder they'd found. Apparently this book summoned demons that possessed the bodies of the living…and now a whirling vortex that not only sucked away the evil, but was trying to tug him along? His luck was just horrible anymore. The man gritted his teeth, grasping onto the counter of the cabin that had been his living hell since the moment he and his now dead girlfriend, Linda had set foot there. From killing a woman he loved, to losing his right hand to the deadite menace…it had just not been good for him. The wind tugged his dark hair back from his face, and he could swear it was like there were fingers yanking his head back. The feeling of the counter top ripping had his eyes widening. Holding himself in place with only one hand wasn't fair, and he couldn't help but wince when his fingers slipped as the counter top grew stuck in the doorway of the cabin. No one would believe this. Not one little bit. The chainsaw he'd attached to his right stump was against the countertop, the arm instinctively trying to hold on with a hand that wasn't there. Dark eyes wide and wild, they watched as the cabin itself even start to fall apart. \"How the hell do you turn this thing off!?\" Sadly he was yelling to no one, his eyes turning to the body lying on the floor, and even she was scooting as if gravity was now centered around the swirling pool that had formed in the woods. He didn't even remember her name..but apparently her father was the reason for all of this, and she was the cause for this damn vortex. It had apparently destroyed the evil, but now she was dead and he couldn't translate that damn book even if it was around. He didn't even know where it was. It was no use in the end, the brunette felt his fingers slip, and soon enough he found himself sucked into a dimensional portal, with no knowledge of where he would end up. -Elsewhere in the World- \" Luckily I don't have a Cherry Tree\" Were it not for the food in her mouth, she would've burst out laughing. Instead though, air sucked a noodle back into her throat and she began coughing to keep the threat of the food hitting her windpipe at bay. Forcing the swallow, she couldn't help but giggle around the minor choking sputters. A hand over her mouth as she watched her laptop screen. \"Yeah, that's exactly what you say so you can bang the President's niece, Bruce.\" She spoke to no one in particular, green eyes turning their attention to the chat screen on the laptop. This fuckin' guy. Heather cracked a grin at the comment, letting her fingers click out a reply on the keyboard. He's killin' me! It was nice to find someone who could share a love for something, even if she didn't know them completely. It was always a pleasure, for the brunette, to find someone she didn't know, and not only relate to them on their fandoms, but then learn about one another in other aspects. Roleplay and story writing did that for her usually, and this friend on the other side of the screen was not only a lover of all things horror, but a fellow roleplayer who was fond of playing the brave 'Ash Williams' From 'Evil Dead.' They were taking a day off, both of them mostly relaxing for now, while Heather was waiting to go to work later in the evening while watching the episodes of a show that Bruce Campbell, the original 'Ash Williams', played in. Not only that, but her newest 'Pop Vinyl' figure of Ash settled on the coffee table around all of the DVDs, the bobblehead state with cute eyes almost too much for her and yet she couldn't quite set him with her Tenth Doctor statue just yet. Her eyes were lidded as she went back to the little television screen, continuing to watch the curious show she'd sadly missed out on while it was airing and giggling to her hearts content. \" What are you, some kind of Mad scientist?\" \" No, Only mildly irritated.\" God it was so cheesy but hilarious all the same. The woman snickered, only to pause when her phone vibrated. She had a text, but the elusive devise was of course gone. Typical. She sighed, typing a quick brb while turning to the couch and began her search. Sliding her hands under cushions, frowned and jerked back when the skin of her right middle finger caught something sharp. \"Ow- what the-?\" She lifted the arm rest of the couch, spotting a staple from the upholstery sticking out and making her grimace. The back of her middle finger had a nice line, a bit jagged even as it turned red with blood rising to the surface of her finger. Well that could probably scar. Getting up from between the couch and the coffee table, her knees bumped what she'd used for her desk of sorts and sure enough, her Ash figure wobbled and toppled over, falling to the floor. A sigh escaped her as she moved around the table, blood steadily winding down her fingertip and brushing the figure when she picked it up. Of course, it'd scratch her dominant hand enough to need a band aid on a day she had to work. With a squint, heather spotted the blood on the vinyl figure's chainsaw, even smearing on his face. \"Damn it.\" She quickly grasped the figurine with her other hand, middle finger to her mouth to lick at the cut and grimacing at the sting to follow. She paused, looking at the cut on his face and the blood that had hit him there. \"…Least it looks real.\" She mumbled, slipping to the bathroom and setting the toy on the bathroom counter, Bruce Campbell's voice played on in the living room from the livestream. \"If only you were just as real,\" she sighed, but grinned and shook her head. Impossible. Nothing fantastical like that would happen even when she turned ninety, if she lived that long. Well maybe in her mind it would, after all there was dementia to look forward to. -And Falling again - This was almost too much for him. In fact, he wasn't sure what was going on anymore. Ash felt sick from being spun and flipped about within the portal, but there was nothing in his stomach to really expel. When did he even eat last? Everything anymore was starting to blur…his throat was sore from screaming, he was tired and frustrated. So damn tired, he just wanted to close his eyes and wake up from hell once they were opened. He wanted to wake up from this damned nightmare, look over and maybe see Linda again. Maybe she'd call and he'd forget about the damn cabin visit and they could go somewhere else. It just was dark and…was he even falling anymore!? He let his eyes close, as the spinning was giving him a headache now. He could feel the steady pounding into his skull right at his forehead. Wind whipped his hair, his clothes. The weight of his chainsaw felt heavy and he was surprised he still had his gun. Which way was up? Which way was down? He didn't even know anymore…. Until he felt something cold and solid hit his chest and his face. It was such a relief to feel something solid that he let his eyes roll back and allowed darkness to take him. -And back once more- It was barely noticed at first, Heather thought she'd felt a rumble off in her sisters room, hitting the wall of the bathroom. Surely the dog was kicking the wall…maybe rolling on the bed? Not the first time that happened. Her back was to that wall, opening the cabinet to get a band aid only to hear a small squishing noise. … What? Looking over her shoulder, she blinked and stared towards the wall, only catching the Ash figure staring at her. She hadn't set him that way…had she? Didn't she set him facing the mirror and the sink? She squinted, looking and leaning forward only to watch as blood—her blood—start to disappear around the cut on his face, almost as if the vinyl itself were absorbing it. \"..The fuck?\" She took a step and practically stumbled with the jolt beneath her feet. A yelp escaped her, hissing out as her head hit the wood of the cabinet. Her hands stretched out on either side of her and she held to the wall, catching a yip from the dog in the next room. Since when did Ohio have earthquakes!? She squeezed her eyes shut as she nearly fell towards the bathroom closet, standing in the doorframe once she managed to yank open the door. She could hear the sound of objects on the sink clattering to the floor as they rolled and fell off, the toy included. White knuckle grips on the doorframe, she felt her heart echoing in her ears as her chest grew tight… And then it all stopped. Her eyes opened slowly as she looked into the closet, the blankets and towels surprisingly in place still. Closing the closet door she looked off to her right. The cabinet was okay, the picture hanging beside it never fell. She turned and looked to see nothing really out of the ordinary. Everything was…fine. Until she looked down to see a chainsaw at her feet. \"JESUS CHRIST!\" She fell back into the corner of the bathroom, eyes wide as she followed the blood covered weapon, spying it's attachment to an arm…and then the body of a man that was face down on her bathroom floor who looked all too familiar. Left hand flying to her mouth, she stared wide eyed and whined out against her palm, still bleeding from her right hand. This was bizarre. Who? Was this? She looked over the dark head of hair resting next to her toilet's base. She inched, stepping carefully over the chainsaw, then around the body altogether to get out of the bathroom with a little squeal. Ash had jolted a little at the very sound of someone's voice. A woman's no less. He didn't want to open his eyes though. They felt as if they were burning. Hell, every bit of him felt as if it were burning, and the ground he was on felt cool. He registered an odd texture of flooring, and part of his skin was on soft, fluffy carpet. A rug? His conscious made a groan rumble out of his throat, and his eyes rolled back while his lids stubbornly remained shut, only earning his brows to lift. That was only until he felt something moving beside him. That brought those eyes to snap open, narrow even as the weight and shift of the floor moving caught his attention. No deadite was getting the drop on him, the bastards. Paranoia had his hand launch out and grab at what felt like a soft denim, his ears catching a squeal, rather than laughter. Unfortunately, Heather didn't have the best balance, so she was moving to the ground before her other foot could come out to catch her weight. The drop of her body rattled the few pictures on the nearby walls as the boom shook the floor. Sure enough jingling from a dog collar came to peek out of the room of her little sister and the black lab mix, Abby stared at her on the floor. \"Shit—let go!\" Heather squirmed and kicked the leg until she heard a grunt and the hand released her. She scooted back to watch the back of the man shift. His dirty arm, both dirt and dried blood on olive skin, moved so his hand could press to the floor and lift him up. Little by little, he groaned and forced his way up to a sitting position after dragging his legs beneath him to catch the weight. He sat back on his heels with a tired sigh, head limp and the dark tousled hair askew in its thick waves as the angular face turned so Ash could send a narrowed gaze back to the panicked woman. \"…Where the hell am I?\" Well here's the first chapter. This will more than likely be a bit more of a ridiculous sort of story, and I hope you enjoy as the story continues. I will hopefully be updating once a week, schedule permitting.[Chapter 2] A.N- I would to say a few things. First, I want to apologize for a delay in posting, and I hope you've all enjoyed your holidays. I've been dealing with a tad hint of stress to try and get ready for my last semester for college, so be prepared for extended delays in the future. School and graduating with a degree is a high priority Furthermore, I would like to thank JuliaBoon for the wonderful review. I'm glad you're on board, and I'm happy you like the story so far! Let's see if I can keep you enticed. And now, without further ado, chapter Two. Heather couldn't believe any part of what was going on at this point. The beat of her heart hammered against her ribcage and echoed in her ears while she fixated on the man who was glaring over his shoulder at her. Her lips resembled that of a fish's mouth at this point; open one minute and closing the next in attempts to speak. Her brain unfortunately hadn't registered the lack of a voice though, and so it told her to keep trying. There was a man…sitting in the space just beside her toilet and the bathroom sink…dirty, blood covered, and rather angry. Panic was drowning her thoughts, and while sweat graced her palms that pressed to the carpet, she felt undeniably cold. As her vocal chords caught up with her thoughts, she could only croak out a single word. \"…W-what?\" \"Where. The Hell. Am I?\" Ash repeated, and he took his time to let those dark eyes drift here and there over everything. From the clean counter that was bright white, to the walls that matched. A partially dirty mirror, linoleum flooring, blue fluffy rugs. There was evident tension in his shoulders, and the scowl was a far from playful. \"I….m-my house?\" She stammered out while those eyes burned into her. She trembled out lightly against the rough carpet of the living room, having scooted at least that far from the man as he shifted, turned even and plopped his butt so he was sitting facing the sink and able to turn his body towards her. \"Please don't…I didn't do anything.\" She had to swallow the next breath of air as her pulse took a turn towards erratic. How was this possible!? This fictional figure was sitting here, plain as the daylight and sitting in her bathroom! Ash let his eyes wander over the panicked face of this young woman. \"Your house huh?\" He lofted a brow while he grimaced. A grunt left him while he scooted on his butt back to the wall so he could lean against it. \"Just where the Hell is that?\" He felt sore all over, and too damn tired for anymore bullshit. Sure, this broad was scared. Sure, part of him felt bad. But the last few didn't listen to him and they beat the snot out of him at the same time. \"Ohio,\" the response was quick for fear of making him angry. Heather licked over her lips while she tried to get to her feet. In the midst of rising up, she froze as he tensed up and narrowed his gaze suspiciously at her. \"…I won't do anything, I swear—you have a chainsaw and a gun, okay?\" She put her hands up in defense and blinked when she thought she heard a gurgling in his direction. Getting to her feet, she watched the man look down at his abdomen with a grimace. \"…Do you want food?\" \"I wanna find my way back home, lady.\" Ash snapped his gaze back with a scowl. \"I've been through more damn shit than you can imagine, right now. And all I want is to just…\" He threw his good hand up, dropping it in his lap as a sigh escaped him, more aggravated than tired. \"Fine. Yeah, sure. I'll take food.\" Heather bit her bottom lip, catching her tongue in the process at his tone. Panicked as she was, the attitude was not appreciated, and she very badly wanted to snarl at him in response. On the other hand, however, the Social Worker and horror nerd combo knew damn well what he'd been through...or was potentially put through. The chainsaw hand told her that they'd at least gotten to the second movie and he had every right to be a bit moody. Taking a deep breath to calm herself, she nodded to the bathroom he was in. \"...You can use the shower if you want. I uh…think my Dad's got stuff you can use. I'll make something'.\" She didn't pay any mind to the small frown he sent her way, the anger almost dissipating for a brief moment at her offers. She just turned from him and out of sight with a silent exhale of breath. I can't deal with this shit. A hand moved over her forehead as she looked to the coffee table and froze. The whole trilogy for Evil Dead still remained on the short table, and she was quick to snatch them up while her blood turned cold. He couldn't see from the bathroom could he!? Nabbing them all to her chest, she looked around the corner to the bathroom to see the door shutting. Oh thank god. Her shoulders slumped while she turned to the television stand. The middle section by the T.V. held DVD's and video games of her sisters. Shifting a few photos about, she slipped the three movies in behind a picture of her parents on their wedding day, keeping them hidden for now. How could she explain to the man in her bathroom, that he'd been a small toy at one point? She would've gotten the chainsaw for sure. A loud Bing from the laptop made her jump and yelp, looking to the device and slowly move around as she heard the shower from the bathroom. There were a few messages that she'd missed it seemed, and she squinted at the few as story offers. Politely clicking the keys to decline and offer a 'brb' she slipped off to the kitchen. There's a man in my bathroom. Heather kept her eyes on the island counter, her hands resting on it while she stared at her finger. She'd dropped the bandage in the bathroom, but the jagged cut seemed to have stopped bleeding on its own. The digit was still a mess. With a wince she moved off to the family room, slipping through her parent's bedroom to their bathroom. Minimal water was used, so as not to bother his shower as she cleaned the blood from her finger, snagging a Band-Aid as well from their cabinet before returning back to the kitchen. There is a fictional character in my bathroom. Heather took a deep breath after resting a hand on the refrigerator handle. Lifting the wounded digit to her gaze, she narrowed her eyes. This was perhaps the most illogical thing to ever occur in her 23 years. How the hell did it make sense, for some toy she'd purchased to turn into the full grown man after her blood touched it? It didn't make sense at all. Her head shook with a sigh, gaze flicking over to the coffee pot on the counter left of where she stood. The clock read 12:45… And she had to be at work by 3:30? \"Fuck,\" How the hell would this work? Her parents didn't know about him, work didn't know about the situation. She couldn't just take him to work, and she couldn't very well leave him at home for her parents to find him. Licking over her lips she scowled in thought. There was only one thing she could do. A quick jaunt to the living room, she snatched up her phone and scrolled through her contacts list. One button punch later and she was given a list of numbers to press for different store departments. Pressing zero for customer service, she waited until a young man's voice came on thanking her for calling the store and asking how he could help her. \"Hi, may I speak to a member of management, please?\" On hold again, she began looking through the pantry of her kitchen for something to fix, finding soups mostly. Tomato was probably a bad choice…chicken noodle maybe? \"This is Tom, how may I help you?\" \"Hi ah, Tom. This is Heather from the Deli. I um...I'm not gonna be able to come into work tonight…I uh—\" \"Which Heather is this?\" \"Young,\" she responded, licking over her lips and reaching for the Chunky Chicken Noodle can. \"I'm supposed to work at three thirty till ten.\" \"Alright, Thanks Heather, we'll get it taken care of.\" Tom's voice made her sigh out lightly, in relief. Out of the managers that were at the store, Tom and Howard were the only two that seemed to care for their employees. Hell, even the store's top manager didn't give two shakes. Running a hand through her hair, she hung up after he'd done so, closing the pantry door to find a half-naked man standing behind it. A part of Ash never intended to be the world's biggest jerk to this strange woman, not with the way she was being after all…which was sweet as could be if not a little scared. He was still in shambles though in regards to nerves, and the majority of the instinct he'd been going on the last couple days told him that something would happen. As he got into the shower though, taking off the shredded remains of his shirt, the straps to his chainsaw attachment as well as to his shotgun…well, nothing happened. He didn't even get that creepy vibe from the weird painting of the little boy in the bathroom…and hot water was a godsend. He just stood in the spray, not minding the steam of the room in the slightest as he let the warmth soothe the aches he was dealing with, though mindful of his right arm and the still tender stump. He noticed in the far corner of the shower stall that there was a set up for an assortment of soaps it seemed. Not bar soap though, but body washes. Citrus, Toasted Marshmallow, Plum? A lady's bathroom for sure after he curiously opened each and took a whiff. What the hell happened to Irish spring bar soap? Or just regular bar soap in general? Two razors were there, both feminine…the only thing he was familiar with was the Head and Shoulders shampoo…which he had to use with a loofa sponge that was setting on a stand by the shower. By the time he'd finished, which was until the water got cold, there were still no clothes for him, and he sure as hell wasn't going to step into his dirty old ones. The pants were still okay, but dirty. He winced and looked into the bathroom closet, snagging a white and blue body towel and wrapped it around himself after giving a good once over through his hair. What the hell was taking this broad so long? He narrowed his eyes, fastening the towel at his hip and using his right arm to hold it in place to do so. It was a bit clumsy really, and in the end he opted to just hold the towel in place with the only hand he had. Eying the stump of his right arm he grimaced. He'd need some new bandages for that for sure. He wasn't about to put the old ones on. It was a struggle to open the door and keep the towel on. In the end he had to drop the towel, open the door, and then re wrap the towel around his waist with his right arm guiding the other bit of the material around. Stepping out of the steamy bathroom, he poked his head out from the small hallway and into the living room to hear the brunette's voice. She was calling off work or something. Brow arched, he padded silently against carpet and the dining room rug until his bare feet were at the door that blocked the woman from his vision. \"I worked three thirty to Ten...\" was all he caught, then a pause until the door closed. She clearly hadn't noticed him, because her reaction was to nearly drop the can of soup in her hand while screeching out a 'Jesus Christ!' \"..Hey, what happened to the clothes ya promised?\" The can of food made his stomach clench and snarl again with hunger, and he could feel it nearly gnawing on itself. When was the last time he'd honestly eaten..? \"R-right!\" Heather swallowed, trying her best not to look the man over as he clutched to the only thing keeping him from being naked in front of her. \"Clothes…\" The can of soup was set on the island counter, moving the long way around it to head back into the family room so as not to squeeze past the still partially wet man. \"Those would probably be good, give me just a second.\" She had to breathe out and tamp back the fluster that attempted to tickle up into her cheeks. She didn't expect the man to follow behind her, but sure enough he was doing so and she felt her fingers fumble after opening her parents' bedroom door. Her father's dresser was immediately to the right, and she started to frantically look for something that had jeans. He had to have his jeans in one of these drawers right? \"If some of your clothes aren't bad I could wash them,\" she muttered. \"Yeah whatever, just hurry up.\" The snapped voice made her pause as she finally found a pair of pants. \"Sooner I get the hell out of here the better. I'm also gonna need a map, 'cause 'Ohio' isn't helping me out at all, shrimp.\" She was still lingering on the jeans, and he gave a little growl, and she caught the stump waving close to her. \"Hurry up, damn it. What are you doing, staring off into la-la land?\" His tone, the snippy snark behind everything he had to say…She was never one to take rude people all too well, and aggravation was rising. His last comment did snap her back for a moment, jeans yanked out as he grumbled about her. The dresser drawer was closed with a slam that even had Ash jumping. \"You know what. No. No I'm not in la-la land,\" She swiveled and glared at him, pointing a finger since his hand was occupied with holding the towel. \"But I'm getting damn tired of your attitude!\" She glared up to those dark eyes that seemed to go a bit rounder, the glare subsiding a moment. \"I don't know what you've been through, but I can guess it hasn't been fun at all with how bloody and torn you were. I get it. You're a little peeved—Well you're not the only one! I don't even know where you came from or how you got in my house! But you're stuck here!\" She let the jeans whap against his now dry chest and she snorted, his eyes narrowing a bit as she did so. She watched him open his mouth but she only grew louder. \"Now I've done nothing but try and help your bloody behind, and the least you could do is say 'Thank you,' instead of being some grumpy ass Dick wad because you just happen to show up in my house with no idea of where you're at!\" She used the jeans as a way to keep him pushed out of her way, and he was surprisingly able to stumble around. The moment her hand let go of the pants, he moved to catch them, and all that did was cause his bath towel to slip. \"I'm making food!\" she used his towel as a way to skirt right out of the bedroom. \"Find your own damn Shirt!\" The door closed behind her with a thud, and Ash actually felt his shoulders tense as part of him jumped. What the hell was that? His eyes narrowed at the door that was closed now, looking down to the pants and scowling. She called him a…a Dick wad? He snorted, searching around the drawers and finding boxers, which he didn't touch. Wearing another man's pants was one thing. Wear his underwear? No thank you. There wasn't a button up in sight though, which had him glaring a little more, but he soon opted for a light gray long sleeved shirt which he sat on the King sized bed behind him. He was still stewing about her barking at him as he slipped into the jeans one leg at a time. \" I don't know what you've been through. Damn right you haven't, shorty.\" He grumbled and nearly mocked her words. \"You'd piss your pants with the crap I've seen.\" He wanted to button jeans, only to frown as he remembered his lack of a Right hand. \"…Shit.\" He ran his tongue over his teeth and looked around. He opted to flop backwards onto the bed behind him to keep his jeans up. Even then, he struggled to fasten the button one-handed. Even a damned zipper was trouble, and he let out low grumbled curses until they were on. He breathed out as he sat up, reaching for the shirt and tugging it on. The arms fit, though the shirt itself seemed a little large at the middle. This fella was a bit shorter and probably a bit larger around. He could tell that with the way the pants inched up just a bit at his ankles…until he stood up. Then they nearly fell with the rest of the denim, just catching at the curve of his backside. \"God Damn it!\" Heather heard that curse from the kitchen, having nearly dumped the soup in a pot she clattered about with her own snarls at the time. La-la land indeed, the bastard. Why did she like the assholes in media? She'd folded her arms and glared at the soup pot, which was starting to steam up when she heard him snarl from her parent's bedroom. Licking over her lips, she turned off the stove, lid placed over the food to keep it hot and moved to the room. She really didn't want to, but at the same time, the Social Worker within her was stubborn. This was going to give her a headache for sure if he kept his attitude up. She quietly approached the door, a knuckle tapping it while leaning forward to listen. \"What?\" Was the snap from inside, and once more she narrowed her gaze at the door. \"…Soups Done!\" She retorted twisting and moving away soon enough. She didn't get past the couch along the wall though before she heard him call out, a little tired sounding in her opinion, and enough to make her stop. She turned around, stared at the door to her parent's room, and let out a long sigh before approaching once more. An easy twist of the door handle had her taking in the sight of Ash holding up the pants she'd handed him, the towel on the bed now beside him. He was still shirtless, but at this point she was using her annoyance with his attitude to keep from staring, eyes directly trained on his face for the time being. Dark eyes glared out to her, but strong shoulders slumped as he sighed out. \"…I need a belt.\" \"There's one there,\" Heather pointed to the dresser, which only earned her a sharper scowl to which she rolled her eyes at. \"…Ya need help?\" \"….Please,\" the word struggled from his lips and she bit back the smirk, the short brunette moving into the room to snag the belt. She let her gaze dip to where the belt loops of his jeans rose up to the very hem's edge, where denim and tan stomach met. There was just the faintest hint of dark hair rising, just a barely there dip down the blue that had her tongue resting between clenched teeth. Professional, Heather. The end of the belt was slipped in the first loop of his pants, working around as she gave a little huff. \"..Sorry, I figured these would fit better. I mean, I know my dad's a little short, but I kinda thought…\" she bit her lips as she gently lifted a hand, pushing at his shoulder to guide him in turning to get to the next loops. \"Thought what?\" The anger wasn't there as bad, but there was the obvious distaste in the fact he had to have someone help him. \"Well, I thought it'd cancel with your butt.\" She shrugged, slipping the leather through the back loops to his next hip before he turned to face her. \"….You sayin' my ass is big, shorty?\" He couldn't help but narrow his gaze down at her, one brow arching significantly higher than the other as the clink of the buckle hit his ears while she slipped the two ends together. \"No, I—tell me if this is too tight at all.\" She pulled at the end strap, looking up and waiting for him to nod his okay. \"..just thought they'd cancel out…\" She shook her head and let out a breath, swapping subjects. \"I'll put your pants in the washer real quick too. Shouldn't take that long and I can get all the stains out…\" \"Uh huh..\" Ash watched her poke the metal prong through the leather and slip the leftover through a belt loop. The jeans bunched just a tad, but it probably wouldn't be noticeable if he put the shirt on. She was moving to leave while he reached for the shirt, though his attention stayed on her. \"…So is this a confession that you were looking?\" He watched as she paused, taking his sweet time to tenderly move his right arm through the appropriate sleeve of the shirt, so as not to irritate the bandaged stump. If he didn't know any better, he could swear her cheeks were tinted just a shade pink despite her glare. \"Finish gettin' dressed,\" she grumbled, moving from his sight. For once after all of this utter and complete bullshit since the cabin, he could feel a grin etch onto his face albeit, a small one. It faded though when she called out that they would be going to town when he was done eating. Right arm through the sleeve, there was a bit of a rush to get his head and left arm in the shirt, pulling it down as he stalked after her. \"What fo-\" He didn't see her when he entered the green carpeted living room and so he paused. Why did they have two of these things? Living room, to dining room, to kitchen on the right and another living room with a fireplace to the left. Since she hadn't turned deadite on him yet, the man allowed himself a bit of a respite, taking in a few details of the house. The wall to his right had an array of framed pictures. A heavier set man, a woman with brown hair all. Probably her parents. Two sets of grandparents. He spotted a girl with red hair, a little blonde…these had to be old ones because—Naw. He caught a familiarly shaped face, but with a perm and short hair…and probably ten years younger or so. The rest of the photographs had other people and their children…family, he'd assume. He pursed his lips and gave a small, quiet whistle. Damm…big family. Heather reemerged from the blue living room, passing through the dining room and he was quick to move after her again. \"What're we goin' to town for?\" he inquired with a narrowed gaze. \"I gotta get a way back to Michigan, and I don't need you involved—\" \"Bit late for that,\" Heather slipped into the small laundry room past the kitchen, opening a washer with a black, clear top after grabbing a pine sol bottle and a small hand held scrub brush. \"And if you want to leave, then why not go to town? You won't get a taxi out here.\" She chuckled, pausing and then glaring over at him as she pulled his wallet from the pants, holding it out for Ash to take. \"Besides, I used up one of my call off's for you. I gotta stay out from three, until ten. Otherwise, I'll get my ass in hot water.\" Ash frowned, taking the wallet as she dabbed the brush in the pine sol poured into the bottle's cap and began scrubbing his pants. \"Yeah well…\" he arched a brow at her work. \"…yer a big girl. Why would they ca—what're you?\" he grabbed the bottle and squinted at the instructions. \"…Hey, this is floor cleaner. What the hell are you puttin' it on my pants for?\" \"Look,\" Heather set the pants down and let out a shoulder dropping sigh, \"You have your skill sets. I have mine. Pine sol, whether you wanna believe or not, gets out a helluva lot of stains, from blood stains to food stains.\" She shook the brush at him as if it were a menacing device. \"And if you wanna be the one to explain to my parents why you're here and spending the night, then be my guest! 'Cause the only way you're gonna get that is if you tell 'em we're dating. And frankly, I haven't said diddly about anyone.\" She returned to her work, soon inspecting each spot on his pants before dropping them into the washer. \"Plus, you only have one damn pair of pants, a chainsaw, and a gun. You have no shirt, no clean socks, and one pair of underwear.\" She'd left them in his pants, tossing in the socks previously mentioned before putting detergent and softener into their appropriate spots. The lid closed, and she pushed power, ignoring the song that her machine gave her in greeting, soon changing settings to start the wash. \"Go eat. It's on the stove.\" Ash, on the other hand, stumbled back a little at the musical machine. \"…Fancy,\" he muttered, warily eying it while retreating back to the kitchen where a bowl was already out. Chicken noodle. Of course..well it was better than tomato or anything right now. The idea of consuming red liquid might make him dry heave at this point. Ladle grabbed, he scooped himself some and looked around, finding the spoons in the island counter's drawer. That was also weird. \"..Where'd you get a fancy washer like that?\" Ash didn't sit, but merely kept his food at the island as he scooped a spoonful of chicken, broth, and noodles into his mouth. Actual flavor and something partially solid made his stomach snarl, and he started to forget about manners for a moment. \"Never seen one with all those fancy buttons..\" Heather cringed, biting her bottom lip and shook her bowed head while leaning against the washer. \"…It's a new model,\" she lied, a silent breath escaping her. There was no way she could keep everything about him a secret. How was any of this supposed to turn out? How could she tell him what he was without getting shot or her head sawed off? How could she tell her parents without someone getting shot!? She gave a low sigh and moved out of the laundry room. \"Don't worry about it. Soon as you're ready, we're heading out to get you clothes, and buy me some time.\" I'll need all of the time I can get..[Chapter 3] And we're back! I deeply apologize for the long delays with these chapters. The creative mind works painfully slow and sporadic, so hopefully I can make it up by posting this long awaited third chapter. Hopefully it isn't near as choppy as I feel it seems to be. I will admit, I partially rushed because I wanted to give some life back into this story. I've been meaning to update, so please forgive me. Thank you, JuliaBoon, for leaving a lovely review! I also want to thank Chaosjuice98 and AwesomeMan327 for the favorite! Hopefully I can keep you all entertained still. Ash was curious for her intention to go out so eagerly, looking over to the washer curiously while she sat down with him as he ate. There was a bowl of soup at least left in that pot, but he tilted his head when she didn't eat at all. \"…You gonna eat?\" he swallowed down a bit of carrot and noodle from the more filling soup. This was better than the simple noodles and little miniature chunks of mystery meat sort of thing. He could idly recall the easy Campbell's soup that was so salty he needed to down a glass of water after eating half a bowl. \"I did before you showed up,\" was the reply, slowly looking over to the coffee table where she could easily spot the near empty bowl she'd had, as well as a few things left of her previous lunch. \"…You actually interrupted it a bit.\" She waved him off as she saw his mouth open, rising up from her chair. \"Keep eatin' if you're hungry. We'll get dinner tonight somewhere.\" She didn't see much of a protest from him, pausing when she happened to notice that there was not a soul in sight…other than Ash and herself, of course. The dog… She moved to pick up her foot remnants from earlier, closing her laptop absentmindedly while moving around the corner of the hallway from the family room, peering into her sister's room. Sure enough, there was the black canine curled up on her master's bed, lifting her head when she spotted Heather, as a thick tail thumbed softly on the mattress. Ash paid little mind to what she was doing, but even he had to look up when he heard kissing sounds. Licking chicken broth from his lips, the man perked his gaze up to momentarily pause at the backside of the brunette, only to look to her face quickly as she turned around. Brow quirking, he peered around her as she called out 'Abby,' and soon spotted an older looking black and white canine slink around the corner. At the sight of the dog, he sat up in his chair, tilting his head as Heather coaxed her further past the kitchen while the dog seemed a tad scared as it—she, now that the canine approached. Though her tail was wagging, she looked a hint timid with the slow approach. He could see white on her belly, but it seemed she was starting to have more white on her chin from age. \"Abby,\" Heather called again, and the dog stopped only to Ash just to lick his thigh after a quick sniff, making him tense up briefly, and watch as she clicked her claws across the linoleum to what he could assume was her food bowl as he heard scraping sounds of food being dumped into something metal. \"…Didn't even know you had a dog,\" Ash mumbled out, looking over to her when she returned, jumping a bit at the soft musical beeps behind him. Was that the washer already? When did they sound like that!? \"She hides,\" was all Heather replied as the dog started to eat what was left of her noodles. She moved to the washer, opening the lid and grabbing the few things that were in there to be soon tossed into the dryer. They wouldn't take long to dry…really, she took in a deep breath and twisted the knobs accordingly and pushed start, letting it rumble to life. He was going to need more clothes, which would buy her the time for work…but how was Mom going to ignore a pair of pants that weren't her husbands in her dryer? Not to mention a pair of men's underwear? Scrubbing a hand over her face, Heather growled out in agitation, yanking out her phone again while moving back into the kitchen to move her dirty lunch bowl from the top of the dryer to the kitchen sink where she filled it with hot water to soak, the same with the soup pot that was empty. \"..When you're done rinse your bowl in the sink…then get your boots on.\" Ash couldn't help but stare at the small black square she had in her hand, something he thought she'd had earlier when he spooked her. Dark eyes watched as she seemed fixated on it, pushing who knew what on the side he couldn't see as he chewed his chicken. \"…We're leaving then?\" He looked as the dog had slunk to his side, the little snort she made catching his attention. His hand came down to her head, petting lightly and getting the black and white muzzle on his thigh. \"Hey what're you doing anyway?\" He finally turned his attention back to Heather. \"Texting my little sister.\" She muttered, only to freeze as he looked all the more confused when he stared at her. Eighties, Heather. He's from the Eighties… \"…I'm Getting into contact with her so she'll throw your clothes in my room before my folks get here.\" \"On that?\" Ash quirked a brow as the dog went back to her room, snorting and shaking his head. \"Thing's tiny, how're you doing anything with that..?\" He turned his attention to the right of him, another spoonful of soup being taken in. Now that he thought about it…her phone was all fancy too. Standing upright, and where was its cord? Near black eyes drifted up, soon widening when he saw a calendar and its date. Two-thousand what!? Heather actually jumped when she heard him sputter on soup. Moving over after sending the text and soon patting on the man's back as he started to choke. \"Hey, Hey! What the hell—\" \"What the hell is that!?\" Ash sputtered, pointing to the calendar, which had the brunette turning and frowning at it. \"…It's a damn chipmunk, what the—\"When he glared at her, she had to do a double take and pause. The calendar. Of course it would have the year nestled in by which month was current. The young woman gulped and took a few steps as he batted her hands away when they lingered on his shoulders. React, Heather. She tensed up a little and stepped out of his view. He doesn't know that you know him. \"What's wrong with the calendar?\" \"The year- Is that right?\" The dark haired man took another wide-eyed look at the 2015 on the calendar, twisting back around to look at her with a gulp. He searched her face. The future? That god damned, good for nothing portal sent him to the future? \"…Christ,\" he raked his hand through his hair, pulling on the dark tresses as he leaned forward, breathing out and placing his elbows on his knees. He wasn't going to vomit, was he? \"Hey…H-hey calm down.\" His bowl was practically empty, so Heather moved, snagging it and running back to the sink to get him a drink of water. \"No getting rid of anything you just ate—you need that.\" A quick scoot back to the hunched over figure, and she was cautiously lowering the water for his view, a hand tentatively resting on his shoulder. \"..The year is right, yeah…otherwise it wouldn't be up there.\" Ash only cringed at such a reply, tension in the warm hand on his back and fingers twitching. He barely seemed to feel them though, his entire body felt numb, his heart and that heavy hammering echoed in his ears. His eyes rolled over to catch that glass of water and he took it, chugging it down in hopes that roiling lump in his throat wasn't his recently consumed soup threatening to bubble up out of his twisting stomach. Satisfied that he could keep food down, he sat up a little, his only hand still cupping his forehead partially. \"Jesus...\" he breathed out and closed his eyes, deep breaths being forced in his chest as the hand upon his shoulder left. \"You mean to tell me I've been thrown almost…what, thirty years...\" dark eyes turned to the frowning girl, his head shaking as he pushed up onto his feet. \"Ah forget it.\" This was almost too much to wrap his brain around. \"This is unbelievable,\" he grumbled out lowly. If only you knew the half of it… Heather nearly cringed at the thought of telling him he was a fictional character, but rather than that she merely shook her head and licked her lips. The bottom of the two sneaking between her teeth to be chewed upon more out of habit. \"..You ready to go then..?\" She spoke hesitantly, taking a step back to both give him space and have room to flinch back if he decided to snap at her again. Ash was more focused on his breath for the time being, deep gusts of oxygen filled his lungs with the waste of air moving out of them slowly. Calm. He just had to stay calm, otherwise this girl could take him to the looney bin. Then how the hell was he going to get home? Was there even a home to go to? Probably not. Thirty years, his parents were probably a wreck…and his poor sister…his friends. Thirty years. Scrubbing his hand over his face, he let the fingertips fall from his lips with a tired sigh, peering over to the short woman beside him. \"Yeah.\" He mumbled out, his hand raking through his hair with a slight agitation now. That god damn book. Stupid recording. A part of him hoped that he'd wake up by his girlfriend in the cabin and all of this would turn out to be the worst nightmare of his life. Looking at his right stump though…it just felt too real. He shook his head as his hand settled on his hip, thumb hooking into the pocket of the borrowed jeans. \"Yeah, I'm ready as I'll ever be.\" There was a brief nod from the short woman, moving around and setting her usual routine for leaving. The main things needed were obvious; driver's license and keys. Sneaking off to her room, she grabbed the cartoony 'Ninja Turtles' wallet on her dresser and shoved it into the left back pocket of her jeans. The action followed as she snagged the small ring of keys for her car. Shoes were taken care of easily enough, and once that was done she set about locking up the house. Not giving the now mind blown man a second glance, she checked the front door, checked all appliances to make sure they were off or unplugged, and started locking up doors. She didn't get a funny look until she blocked the kitchen's sliding glass door with a long piece of wood, wedging it so no one could open it from the outside. \"Paranoid?\" he questioned. \"No, the lock doesn't work,\" the reply was smooth as she headed through the kitchen to the laundry room, where the back door resided, motioning him to follow as she pocketed her cell phone next. \"C'mon. We go out the back.\" Heather let Ash exit the house first, watching as he squinted into the sunshine while she locked the door before closing it behind her. It was a steady walk along the back porch, down the steps and following a red brick path to the driveway where her sleek, silver Jeep Laredo settled. Sure enough, she caught that low whistle from behind her. \"That's new isn't it?\" Ash gave it a once over, noting the sharp colors of light and dark as both sets of their shoes crunched on the gravel towards the vehicle. \"No. It's a 2004,\" Heather caught that stop and pause, assuming he had to remember all over again what year it was. Moving over to the driver's side, she slipped in and cringed at her work uniform, or at least part of it, still in the passenger seat. Ash was opening the door as she was pulling the blue shirt and black apron, hat, and headband left on the seat, tossing them into the back while he gave a little brow quirk in her direction. He slid into the seat, which was thankfully far back enough that his long legs weren't cramped in the slightest. \"Car smells like fried food,\" he muttered. \"That's because I work with it,\" she grumbled, seatbelt in place and a key in the ignition soon enough to allow the vehicle to rumble into life. \"Seatbelt, or you're not going anywhere.\" She was already reaching down between them where two levers resided, a simple push of a button and a pull back to one click had the jeep in reverse. The satisfied click of a seatbelt was heard beside her as she put it in drive and headed down the driveway. The drive remained relatively silent as the roads wound and slipped through, trees earning a bit of tension from Ash, a few flashbacks of unpleasant memories in the woods. They reached a highway soon enough and he found himself relaxing, dark eyes out the window and squinting out at a few other cars here and there. \"So, where are we going anyway?\" \"Wal-Mart.\" The brunette refused to take her eyes off the road, save for inspecting a few cars as they passed by her. \"I'm not made of money, so you're getting' cheap jeans.\" Her peripherals caught a cringe on his face as she took an exit and turned right onto another side street road. \"Look, you're getting what I can afford and you can try it on. It's not like I'm forcing you into anything that's uncomfortable.\" Her bottom lip caught on her teeth. \"We may get a couple things actually, I think I need to grab something for my phone, now that I think about it.\" \"I don't need to try anything on,\" Ash grumbled. \"I know what size I wear and I know what I like.\" \"You can like what you want. I'm not buying it if it isn't on my budget.\" Minus their grumbling to one another, the drive had been relatively pleasant and quiet. The trip to the store in general took roughly 25 minutes, with traffic light stops included. Once parked, it didn't take long for the couple to make their way towards the supercenter. Ash had to admit, he admired that Heather's short legs could work fast enough that his longer-legged strides were comfortable, if anything lazy enough that he could keep an eye on the store itself and let his eyes linger here and there on things he wasn't accustomed to seeing. For one, the clothes and outfits of youth and even full grown adults. Since when did girls have pink or purple hair? Since when did Mothers, let alone fathers, let their daughters go out in skirts and shorts that were…well, tiny? Cool air blasted his face as they entered the store, making him shake his head of dark hair as his current help marched right over to get a grocery cart. This store was…huge. Brows lifted as he caught a hair salon to his right, food and registers to his left, and the rest of the store further within. Clothes shopping itself was needless to say, a bit of a blur. Much searching, yes and no were said far too often at this point. He was even told to buy new underwear, to which he was a little shocked at the variety. The red face of his female companion was perhaps more amusing though. As they rounded a corner and headed further into the store, Heather seemed a little more relaxed. \"I've got to grab a card real quick,\" she said. \"If you want to look around or something, you can,\" the brunette nudged the man who seemed all too fascinated with televisions and laptops. She couldn't help but smirk really, with all the new technology after a thirty year jump or so, she had to admit that his face was utterly priceless. Ash did take his time, though still keeping an eye on the shorter brunette as he let his gaze linger on the smaller cases of what he could assume were movies in a bin. DVD's the sign had said, whatever that meant. There wasn't a VHS tape in sight. Brows furrowing, he looked in vain for titles he recognized and he didn't notice the gentleman with curly hair approaching him until he uttered out the words 'Can I help you?' With a start, Ash turned to the guy with the blue and yellow vest, a pair of glasses hiding honey brown eyes that widened when they made eye contact. \"Oh my god,\" was muttered by… Rick. Ash made a quick note to read the name tag while he was gaped at. \"I don't know if you get this a lot at all,\" Rick continued, \"But you definitely look like that guy, Ash from Evil Dead.\" … What? Dark eyes lifted their gaze and narrowed a bit. \"Excuse me?\" \"Evil Dead? The movie they remade basically about Zombies and...Actually here.\" Rick made a quick motion for Ash to follow, who took cautious strides in doing so as his gaze narrowed over his shoulder where Heather seemed to be paying for the clothes he'd picked out. When they stopped, his eyes turned to one of those DVD's handed to him. Those Dark eyes narrowed in on the cover, inspecting the image of a face that looked more skeletal with the title, 'Evil Dead 2' on the front in what looked like an attempt at blood splattered lettering. He didn't even hear half of what Rick said when he turned it over. There on the very top of the cover was his face, bloodied, and sweaty. Further down were other images that were all too real for him: The woman whose parents owned the cabin, that crazy bastard and his girlfriend or…whoever she was. His heart thundered in his chest and in his throat as he swallowed again, the blood roaring in his ears died down just enough for Rick to speak. \"It's uncanny how much you look like Ash.\" \"Funny you mention that,\" his voice was found once more, and he was surprised it didn't crack at all. \"...My name is Ash.\" \"No kidding?\" Rick beamed. \"Man, your Parents must've been huge fans. If you haven't seen these, I definitely re—\" \"Nah, that's alright,\" Ash noticed the tremor in his hand as he slid the video back to Rick, nearly pushing it into his chest. \"That stuff isn't really my favorite,\" \"So, who's the guy you came in with?\" Heather furrowed her brows at the boy at the register, roughly her age…maybe. She didn't really know, but he always seemed way too talkative to just be friendly. Blonde hair and a pair of glasses were over hazel eyes as he handed back the pack of socks she'd bought for Ash. \"He's a friend...\" Heather managed, offering a civil, quick smile as her total was announced while she grabbed her wallet and opened it up. \"He sort of had an incident with luggage and he's short on cash so I'm offering to help out-\"She squeaked when a warm hand gripped her shoulder almost a bit too tightly as she was in mid swipe of her debit card. Turning around, her oceanic hues met dark narrowed ones that startled her with the glare on them. \"What?\" \"I need to talk to you,\" Ash hissed. \"Can it wait just a second?\" Regaining her wits, she apologetically smiled at the skeptical looking cashier as she swiped the card and pressed a few more buttons to announce she was paying with credit. \"They Have Evil Dead Here.\" The way he punctuated each word took the smile slowly but surely from her face, quickly grasping for the receipt seconds after Ash spoke so she could twist around. \"What?\" \"You heard me,\" There growl was almost unnoticeable, but the look on his face rang loud and clear, making her grimace as she snatched up her bags, threw them in the cart and hurried off with a small, 'thank you' to the cashier. She was surprised she could walk, considering her entire body went cold and felt like jelly. She was pretty certain her heart had dropped right out of her and was left on the floor somewhere in Electronics. It came back to nearly choked her at the next hiss that was uttered into her ear. \" You've got a lot of explaining to do, shorty .\" ","Summary":" This is an idea that I've toyed with (no pun intended) for quite a few years, and I finally decided"},{"Movie":"King Kong","Title":"KING KONG","Author":"BigJackFilms","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11201362","Passage":"[Chapter 1] BIGJACKFILMS Presents KING KONG Adapted from The Screenplay By Jack Buchanan From the Idea Conceived By Marian C. Cooper & Edgar Wallace CHAPTER 1: SET SAIL FROM SURABAYA Morning Night, the docks are busy as hell as lights shine from the guard bridge. Cranes are loading supplies onto a large ship called The Venture, a ship owned by the Englehorn Corporation, an oil company that is in dire straits, thanks to the financial crisis back in 2007. While many companies have picked themselves back up by now of 2016, Thomas Englehorn owner of the company has failed to do so, he has even gone into the separate business of shipping large animals on his ship to zoo's throughout the world to pay back depths. Sailors are loading suitcases into the ship. Some of them are for the workers and sailors. Many are unaware of the recent supply of heavy guns and arms, but more serious is the 5 cases of Chloroform Grenades, similar to Gas Bombs, but with a more deadly sleep. But most of the suitcases have the logo \"C.B. Pictures\", a now growing famous film studio that has taken the film industry to a new level, returning Hollywood to its glory days and even giving Universal Pictures a run for its money. Near the ship is the Dock Watcher, keeping the supplies in order. Ordering the men, loudly. \"Keep up the good work men.\" He continues. \"Hurry up, we've got 15 minutes before we make sail.\" Soon, he is approached by a man who looks like Al Gore without the weight. His name is GEORGE WESTON, one of the head Producers of C.B. Pictures. He wears a fashionable black coat and a fedora hat. He approaches the Dock Watcher, carrying a cane in his hand. \"Excuse me sir.\" He shouts. The Dock Watcher turns to him, grinning his teeth. \"Huh. What do you want?\" The Dock Watcher growls. \"Say, is this the film production ship?\" Weston asks walking up to him. \"The Venture? Yeah.\" The Dock Watcher replies. \"Are you going on this crazy voyage? \"Wait, what's crazy about it?\" Weston asks surprised. \"Well for one thing everybody's talking about that nutball guy that's running it?\" The Dock Watcher replies. \"That nutball wouldn't happen to be Carl Denham would it?\" \"Yeah, that's him. They say that he's a lunatic. Talking about a location he plans to film on will be in the history books.\" \"That sounds like em alright, but what's all this talk about this voyage being crazy?\" \"Well for one thing, everyone is talking about the heavy weight cargo. And I've never seen a ship this size with such a large crew before.\" \"Not enough men to handle her, eh?\" \"Not Enough? There's three times more than the damn thing needs. Thirty five at the most. And the ship itself is only a merchant vessel, only needs about 12 men at the most.\" \"Hey you down there!\" A strong voice startles the two from above. The Watcher and Weston look up toward the captain's headquarters of The Venture. The man who called them was JACK DRISCOLL, captain of The Venture. He wears a company shirt that says on a patch 'Englehorn Oil Company'. He usually works for the company taking The Venture to an oil rig down the coast to be shipped to gas stations. But for now he's working for C.B. Pictures as The Venture has now become a movie set and a transporter for the studios next film. He turns to Weston, wondering who let him into the dock entrance. \"You looking for someone?\" The captain asks \"Yes, a Mr. Carl Denham. Is he on-board?\" Weston shouts asking. Jack seems suspicious of the man. He was told to watch his surroundings for spying journalists. \"Who wants to know?\" He asks. \"My names George Weston, I'm an agent of C.B. Pictures. My client is the one paying you.\" Jack's face turns to a quick welcoming of the man. \"Oh, why didn't you say so? He's here. Come on aboard.\" We then enter Jacks quarters on the Venture. It's loaded with charted maps and many trophies from the captain's many voyages. A man named CARL DENHAM sits by the table, smoking his trusty pipe. DENHAM is a showman, a larger than life character, part Orson Welles, and part John Huston, a man in love with his own legend. He has reputation for traveling to the most dangerous corners of the world, producing exotic documentaries. He's thrilled audiences on film and TV with his images of elephant stampedes and lions hunting. DENHAM is overweight, has no taste in wardrobe except for his cap that titles 'DIRECTOR' and sweats profusely. Jack suddenly swings past the door, shutting it tightly to keep out intrusion. His mood has changed impatiently, approaching Denham with unease. \"All right Denham, let's talk. You haven't told me or the crew ware we're going. I wanna know and I wanna know now!\" He says with haste. \"Calm down Jack,\" Denham replies, putting his hand on the captains shoulder. He brings his attention to a charted map hanging on the wall. \"We're sailing to an island off the current seas of the Equator. It's uncharted and there's supposed to be a lot of oil there.\" Jack sits down, a sigh of relief. \"Well then there's a lot more business for me when we get there. Besides, what's there for your part?\" He asks the director. \"I'm afraid I can't tell you that Jack.\" Denham replies, a smirk on his face. Jack turns to suspicion. \"Why?\" \"You'll have to pay for a ticket like everyone else, no spoilers.\" Denham jokes. The two give a quick chuckle. Denham has always kept a very tight lip on his pictures. Like JJ Abrams, he keeps the films top secret by holding contracts with every one of his employees to keep quiet or face termination and like M. Night Shamalyn, only reads his screenplays with the film's producers at his Hollywood home. Jack opens a small wooden crate and picks up a large grenade. \"What do you think the Dock Marshals will say about these new chloroform grenades of yours?\" Jack asks with nerves. \"At least one of them is enough to knock out an elephant.\" Denham smiles, his pipe bitten in his mouth. \"Don't worry about that Jack. I gave em all 2 grand to keep their mouths shut.\" Denham has paid very good money on this project. With a low budget of all his past pictures, they still give out profits, making its money back and paying off producers in the studio to keep them from criticism. The budget for this particular project is a little larger than the usual Carl Denham project at over seventy six million dollars, with even Denham putting in some self-finance to keep it from over budget. He pays everyone on board the ship to take him to his destination and even throwing a gamble for the captain and the oil company, promising a large supply of unearthed oil that can save the company from financial depth and possibly make it one of the world's finest oil companies, even there with Shell or Exon. Then, the door knocks. \"Come in.\" Denham orders. The door opens, and Weston come in, somewhat nervous but serious at the same time. Denham might be his client, but Denham ultimately calls the shots, since C.B. Pictures is Denham's own built film company. \"Oh, hello Weston.\" Carl welcomes with arms. \"I was just about to call you. We we're just talking over here about the shooting locations.\" \"Let's hope their affordable inhabitants.\" Weston replies. \"Don't worry, they will be.\" Denham shrugs. He hands Weston a cigarette. The producer takes it with ease, he's flown all the way from LA to meet with Denham. Denham grabs his cell phone and starts dialling a number. \"That reminds me, I gotta call Dwan, she's late.\" The director speaks with a sudden frustration. \"She doesn't have six hours to put on her face. If she wants to be in this film, she's gotta be on this boat in 10 minutes.\" Weston then realizes something. \"She doesn't want to be in this film.\" He says nervous. Denham turns to Weston. \"Wait, what?\" Weston sees that Denham doesn't know what happened. \"Dwan pulled out.\" He replies. Denham is in shock. \"She pulled out?\" \"Yesterday, I told you.\" Weston replies. Denham hangs up his phone, all his attention is all on Weston. \"You said we were shooting in Hawaii right? That's what you told her?\" Weston shakes his head. \"Yeah, but where not shooting in Hawaii. Which begs the question, where ARE you shooting this movie?\" Denham lowers his head in disappointment. \"That doesn't matter Weston, all you had to do is look her in the eye and lie.\" \"That's why I came over here.\" Weston said. \"Carl, you're not listening, you've already spent half the budget in less than a month. This project is the biggest production we've had, and you're here on a rusted ship, with the toughest mugs I ever looked at.\" Jack gives Weston a glare of offensiveness. Weston pulls back his words. \"…I mean the crew.\" He apologizes. \"We got to delay the shoot. Shut production down before we go bankrupt.\" \"Not an option!\" Denham shouts, moving to his feet. He turns to Jack. \"Jack! Set sail right away!\" Jack and Denham walks out the door, with Weston close behind. The Crew of the ship is in a major hurry, last minute supplies and equipment are being loaded onto the ship. During the commotion, Denham walks down from the Captains Quarters to the Main Deck, with Weston following in a panic. \"Carl? Wait a minute!\" Weston shouts panting. \"Can't you be reasonable here? You can shoot this damn thing on the backlot in no time at all!\" Denham turns his attention back to Weston. His face is determined and mind made up. \"I'm shooting this movie come hell or high water. For god sakes Weston, think like a winner. Call my agent, tell him to hold auditions at the studio in 2 days and email me footage on all actresses. I need my goddamn leading lady!\" \"But Carl, how the hell are you to go into production without your main actress on board?\" Weston asks. \"Like Spielberg on Jaws, shoot around the shark.\" Denham replies instantly. He puts his hand on Weston's shoulders. \"Defeat is never an option on a Carl Denham Production, my friend. Now go find me a girl, even if you have to marry one.\" Weston walks off to the parking lot. Denham walks to his film crew, giving commands. \"Alright boys, get the hero cameras stored in my cabin!\" He shots. Upon the loudspeakers of the docks, Jack's commands can be heard loud and clear. \"Now here this! All hands prepare to board the Venture! Departure in 2 minutes!\" The crew hustle to get last minute oil pipes into the ship's hull. We then meet two of the ships men, John and Cage, who mark down the pipes being loaded on-board. \"Okay John, how much we got here?\" Cage asks. \"About 18 hundred.\" John replies. \"18 hundred?\" Cage replies with shock. \"What the hell's going on?\" \"I dunno.\" John replies, pointing to a lab coated figure by the bridge of the ship. \"Ask Hyde.\" John turns to the lab coat man. HYDE wears a lab coat; he is the oil specialist of the Venture. His job is to test and inspect oil when it's picked up to check for problems, or studies. \"Hey Hyde!\" John shouts. \"They'll be enough pipe here to push one test home. Less than 2,000 feet.\" \"That'll be enough.\" Hyde replies. \"Take my word fellas. This hole proves out within two thousand, or it's a write-off.\" As the last of the Venture Crew rush to the ship, about 5 feet away, near a large cargo box; a young woman is trying to sneak on-board the ship. Her name is ANN DARROW. She's an upper-class Woman, around 18, with long blonde hair, but tied up to hide her appearance. She is the daughter a famous Archaeologist, in which she is too. She wears surprisingly a Japanese College outfit, and has a film camera (she's into photography as well), and a back pack. She starts taking pictures of the ship. Seeing that the cost is clear, she sneaks aboard. From the ships bridge, Jack shouts to Bob, the first mate of the ship. BOB is a smooth shadowed man, wearing only his companies' uniform and jacket. Hiding his identity with a ball cap and sunglasses, but surprisingly has close ties with Englehorn Corp. While old friends with the captain, he can't help but feel a bit of jealousy of being second in command. \"All right Bob were ready to let go.\" Jack shouts. \"Stand by for take-off.\" \"Aye Captain.\" He replies, turning to the crew. \"All right men, let her go! Move it! Get them gateways ashore!\" The Dock Crew release the ships ropes from the dock and unloads the gateway bridges from the vessel as it begins to sail away. Denham holds in his hand two scotch glasses. He walks down towards Jack who is watching the crew closely. Jack turns to Denham. Denham hands him his glass. Jack takes his glass. The two smile in excitement, and raise their glasses, a toast to the maiden voyage. \"Well Denham, here's to the big one.\" Jack says with pride. They both tip there glasses, and drank as the Venture sails through the harbor to the ocean, on its way to a grand adventure on the open waters.[Chapter 2] CHAPTER 2: STORMY SEAS, AN UNCHARTED MAP The storms are rough on the current seas. Waves at 50 feet high float though the waters, as the great vessel, The Venture, rides through it. It has been at sea for about three days now, but has not seen weather like this. Inside, the crew have a hard time sleeping. The ship tilts from side to side as belongings fly off the shelves. One of the sailors, Bruce, turns to his cabin mate, Hans, a exchange volunteer from Germany. \"Captains fault for putting us all in this washing machine.\" Bruce says, clearly tired for not getting any sleep from the rough weather. \"Aye, I've should at stayed in mine country.\" Hanz replies in irritation. Below deck, in the corner of the Cargo Hold, the girl that stowed away has had the worst spot, being she's surrounded by crates and oil drums, all smell of past use. Surprisingly, no one really checks the cargo hold often. She sits by a women's made desk on a crate, her notes and papers, along with her camera and light, she tries to focus on the job given to her, papers are scattered with a charted map and documents that read \"CLASSIFIED/USA\" It's clear here that everyone on board is heading towards uncharted and hidden waters. Up on higher levels, we see three in a private dining room. These are for the higher commands to eat. The three here are Denham, Bob and the Captain. They have not eaten all day due to their duties, and only now have time for a meal. But with these stormy seas, it's hard for them to stomach anything. Denham sits proudly, munching on a heavy pounded sandwich. While taking a shot of scotch, he chuckles at the two. Jack seems pre occupied with the sailing at hand, a map of the charted waters and a compass are seen on his side of the table, a coffee mug in the other. While Bob, with a fine meal in front of him, just glares at the dishes sliding left to right from the effects of the waves outside. He seems in a drenched state. \"You know I gotta admit boys, for a couple of shipmates, you and Jack have allot of guts taking this job I'm paying you Bob.\" Denham says. Bob shakes his head. \"Gut's ain't got nothing to do with it Denham.\" He replies. \"Those checks ya gave us, we sold them to the board. If that island doesn't produce huge on oil, Englehorn will have us wiping wind shields.\" It seems all are at an uneasy tone… THE NEXT MORNING... It's a bright morning and the seas are calm. The storm has passed for some time now and the Venture is sailing on a bright sunny day, right on course. Around the deck, the crew does a quick inspection and clean up, to be sure nothing has gone overboard or loosened in the cargo hold. At the bridge, Jack and Denham pull out a map of the Atlantic coast to find their position. Jack sits in a chair while Denham stands. \"There's our known position. Due south, nine to east.\" Jack reports. He's feeling impatient due to the lack of Denham keeping quiet on their destination. \"Now you promised me information when we reached these latitudes.\" Jack says sternly. \"Are we way west of the Indian waters?\" Carl asks. \"As far as any waters I know. I know the Indian waters as well as my own hand.\" Jack answers. \"But never have we traveled this far outta shipping lanes. So, where is this island from here?\" \"Southwest.\" Denham replies. Jack cannot believe the word from the directors mouth, he must have left his mind due to the storm. \"Southwest?! But there's nothing out there, not for thousands of miles!\" Jack shouts. Denham reassures him. \"Keep your shirt on Jack. You won't find the island on any charts, and we're not going thousands of miles.\" Denham pulls out a small piece of paper, unfolding it to reveal a map of an island, shaped like a skull. \"Here's the island were looking for.\" Denham continues. \"It was made by a skipper of a Norwegian bark. Our island is the sole surviving record of an uncharted continent, a place that was thought to exist only in myth, until now.\" Jack backs up, the director has lost it. \"Whoa, Carl, slow down. You're asking us to fund a wild goose chase. The skipper must have been kidding.\" \"No he wasn't.\" Denham replies sternly. \"I'm talking about a primitive world, never before seen by man. The most spectacular thing you've ever seen. That's where I'll shoot my picture.\" Jack looks suspiciously at the now mysterious director. \"Where did you get this?\" He asks. Denham grins. \"Singapore, two years ago. The guy who gave it to me had ties to super classified information. A donation from Washington DC if you will.\" \"Wait a minute, Carl, are you saying you stole this sucker is top secret government property?\" Jack jumps quietly with fear. \"Do you know how much shit we're gonna be in if they find this out. They'll probably label us as terrorists or something!\" Denham then grips Jack's collar tight, hissing at him to be still. \"Shhh! would you rather have the whole crew spooked than just yourself right now?\" He says quietly. \"This is the chance of a lifetime to find that last unexplored place in the world. Look here.\" Denham points out the map to Jack. \"Here's a long sandy peninsula.\" Denham continues. \"The only possible landing place is through this reef. It's said that the island is protected from witnesses by a fortress of fog. And across the base of that peninsula, cutting it off from the rest of the island is a wall.\" \"A wall? Why a wall?\" Jack asks curiously. \"They say that the people who use to live on the island needed it.\" Denham replies. \"Why?\" \"There was something on the other side of it. Something they feared.\" Jack shakes his head. \"That's ridiculous Denham. It's obvious that the skipper was nuts. The only thing that's probably on the island is tall mountains', sandy beaches, and a ton of fresh oil for us to harness for the company.\" Suddenly, the doors open, and Jimmy, the cabin boy rushes in. \"Captain! Captain! You better come to the deck quick!\" Jack runs out the door. \"We'll discuss this later Carl. I'll be right back.\" Jack says. But Denham fallows him out the door, the map quickly tucked back into his pocket.[Chapter 3] CHAPTER 3: STOWAWAY STARLET, SOMETHING MONSTROUS Jack runs to the balcony. He has put on his captains coat, the sea weather has been somewhat cold lately. looking below to the main deck of the Venture, he finds Bob and a few of the crew, waiting to see what the captain has to say about what they have found in there routine morning inspections[Chapter 4] CHAPTER 4: LIFE AT SEA The sea is calm. The waves are gentle and are in a slight breeze. The sunset glistens upon the water, as its shine lights the sky with an orange gold color. The only high waves and spray of the water come from the propellers of The Venture, which sails its continued course across the sea.[Chapter 5] CHAPTER 5: ARRIVAL The Ocean is feeling quite wavy, even when the sky is blue. And nearby, a flock of seagulls fly above the ocean waves, searching for fish to eat. Very unusual for them to be out at sea this far from land. But what lies ahead, is awe inspiring. \"Fog! Fog off the port bow!\" Jimmy shouts from the crow's nest. Light clouds fill the air. Only a mile away, is an enormous fog bank covering the rest of the far distance of the ocean, even covering the sun, like a dangerous storm on the horizon. Sailing towards this ominous fortress like fog is The Venture, passing by the waves gently. The ship is heading straight for the fog. This is the location where in Carl Denham's map, may lay the last blank spot on the map. Everyone on the Venture stare out at the large wall of fog, wondering what lies behind it. \"Woah! Look at the size of it!\" a sailor named Pescott proclaims. \"I can't see a thing!\" another sailor named Carahan replies, trying to get a look. Two of the ship's crew, Wilson, a cocky young lad who sees payday on the horizon, looks in awe with Challenger at the bank. \"You know something,\" Wilson says. \"I always wondered how Christopher Columbus felt, when he first saw the American lands.\" \"Actually, it wasn't Columbus.\" Challenger laughs. \"It was Bjarni Herjólfsson and he didn't even bother discovering it, he went home and cried with his mommy.\" Wilson looks at him with a glaring tone. *Smartass* He says in thought. Meanwhile, upon the bridge of the ship, Denham and Jack look on at the wondrous fog ahead of them. Jack looks out through a pair of binoculars, while Denham films with one of the movie cameras, which stands in a still shot on a tripod. Even looking through a wide angle lens, it cannot capture the size of the fog bank. \"Amazing, absolutely amazing!\" Denham proclaims with a smirk on his face. \"I've never seen anything like it!\" Jack continues to look on through his binoculars. \"Is this the fog bank on the map, Carl?\" \"Yep.\" Denham nods. \"This is the position we've been looking for. Not even an effects team with the biggest fog machines can make something like this.\" Jack seems more confidant in the position, even he is quite impressed, but not enough to say that the island is out there. \"Well now that we found your little cloud, what do we do?\" Denham turns to Jack, a grin wiping his mouth with excitement. \"We go through it.\" He says. \"Once it lifts we lower anchor.\" Jack feels a bit concerned. No one ever sails blindly though stormy clouds or blanks of fog. Going through can be quite dangerous. He knows of many ships that have struck rock and iceberg, some even sink to the bottom. But this is different. \"You're crazy.\" He laughs nervously at the director. \"You think so…well let's find out.\" Denham smirks. \"Stay on course, captain.\" With a sigh of worry, Jack nods, heading into the bridge. \"Okay Carl, you're the boss.\" Driving the ship and steering the helm, is Bob, who seems worried himself about the cloud bank, but keeps his optimism at a high level, allot of risk is being put into this expedition to bring in the so called \"Big One\" Jack pokes his head through the door inside the Bridge. He hollers to Bob, who is whistles a happy tune. \"Bob, set course, head directly into the fog.\" The captain commands. \"Aye Sir.\" The first mate nods, pushing the throttle to full speed, moving the ship onward. As he does, a radio transmission comes through from the communications room. Inside, Hayes overhears through his headphones. \"Unidentified vessel approaching coordinates '337605' this is UN-A51. You're sailing in restricted waters. Imminently turn to coordinates 1138911 and identify your vessel for imminent identification and report.\" With urgency, Hayes runs to Bob on the bridge. \"Sir, orders from UN-A51, we gotta turn back.\" Hayes says. Bob turns to him, but keeps his eyes focused on the fog ahead. \"Stay on course, Mr. Hayes.\" Bob says without care. \"Bob, we're sailing in restricted waters.\" Hayes warns. \"The seas here are runned by the US government.\" Bob halts, once again turning to Hayes. His eyes glared at him. \"And what of it?\" Bob hisses. \"What is there to fear from them? Treason? Fear of a hidden God? I don't believe in ghost stories. Stay on course.\" \"How much did he pay you?\" Hayes asks with defiance. He seems to be the only calm man here. A man of the military in Iraq, he sides with Jack to keep the prison boys in check. He's strict and to the point, giving orders when needed. Bob shrugs it off, turning back to the helm. \"That's enough, Hayes.\" He hisses. \"HOW MUCH?\" Hayes shouts. \"To compromise the safety of the ship and the crew?!\" \"Enough to keep Englehorn Corp in business for the next century.\" Bob replies cold. \"There is danger in any job. You should know…lieutenant.\" There is a cold silence from the two. Hayes glares down at his boss in a stern notion. \"Cut off all transmissions and communications, Hayes.\" Bob commands. \"We're on our own for the time being.\" He keeps on course, returning to command the helm. \"Whatever the check was…I hope it was worth it.\" Hayes hisses. He returns to the communications room, shutting off all the transmitters and the communications relay. The Venture sails into the fog bank, disappearing in the clouds. It dissipates from sight, all that's heard left from the outside world is the horn of the ship. Within the Fog, the ships sails forth. The clouds are thick and hard to keep visible of what lies ahead. It glides through the density, the fog getting thicker and thicker. The tense faces of Denham, Ann and Jack and many in the crew lining the rails, watching for rocks or reef. The prow of the ship pushing slowly through dark, rippling water. Hans takes soundings of the waters below. \"Virty vathoms!\" He shouts in his thick German accent. \"Can't see the sun. We sure are in the thick of this fog.\" Denham proclaims in wonder. \"If we don't see it soon we never will.\" Jack replies. \"We've quartered these parts. The skipper who made the map must have been guessing at the position.\" \"Well the guy I hired to get it wouldn't let it go.\" Denham says to the captain. \"I paid him all the proceeds from my last two films to get it out of him. He would not hand over that damn map.\" Jack laughs. \"Must be some really kept secrets for it to be in the depths of the pentagon.\" \"He was delusional by the time I met him in Singapore.\" Denham continues. \"He went on about archeological digs and X-Rays, talking about things like Skinwalker Ranch. A real conspirator.\" \"Did you check it further after meeting with him?\" Jack turns, concerned at the story. \"Why? And spill the beans to the entire world?\" Denham hisses. \"This place would have been stolen from me and you, Jack. Shell, Exxon, anybody would have tried to take this place. It was pure luck I got this map at all, and I'm feeling lucky today. I'm going to find Skull Island. Find it, film it and show it to the world. And your all gonna have a piece of it, for the price of an admission ticket and a bag of popcorn.\" A half hour goes by, still no sign of land. The fog is thick like cotton candy. A dense, immense mass soaked all around the ship. Some of the crew stand gazed at it. They pass each other on deck like ghosts floating in the air. \"You can't see your hand in front of your face.\" Mario proclaims. \"Hey Mario, I wish you made your soup as thick as this.\" A sailor named Zack laughs. Ann gazes at Denham, who is nervous as a cat, twitching his hands with an impatient level. Jack still stands with Denham, listening for Hans, who keeps tolling the depths of the waters below them. \"Tventy-Vive! Bottom!\" Hans shouts. Jack turns to Denham. \"We're shallowing fast.\" He says. Then shouting to Bob inside. \"Bob! Dead slow!\" \"Aye sir!\" The ship slows down. It almost drifts through the water. Suddenly, The Venture's hull scrapes against a coral outcore. Straight ahead, a sudden break in the fog appears. Ann gasps! The Venture sails out of the bank, only to be faced with an enormous piece of land. Jack stares out in disbelief. The Island Denham was looking for does exist. The spectacular vision of Skull Island is massive, dimly illuminated by the dawn, materializes directly in front of them. It stands against a purple sky, looking like it was painted by Maxfield Parrish. The island appears to be about 18 miles long, surrounded by steep cliffs rising from the sea, and is strangled over its entire surface by dense, fog-shrouded jungle. A jagged ridge of volcanic peaks runs the length of the isle, like the plates on the back of a stegosaurus, and culminates in a sheer, towering MOUNTAIN at the far end. A closer look at this dominant mountain reveals a disquieting visual phenomenon. With its rounded dome and two shadowy caverns three-quarters of the way up the slope, it creates an abstract, but quite distinct, image of a HUMAN SKULL. The crew cannot help but be drawn in by the spectacle. All gaze upon the lost island, surrounded in mystery and wonder of the unknown and undiscovered. \"Drop anchor!\" Jack shouts. Only seconds later, the anchor drops into the ocean, locking the ship onto the sea line. Back on the bridge, Herb is rolling the camera. The film at full speed capturing a wide shot of the island's mighty Skull peek mountain as Denham stands next to him and Jack next to Denham. Denham leans over to Herb with awe inspired excitement. \"Are you getting this Herb?\" He asks. \"You bet Mr. Denham.\" Herb replies. He knows he's getting pure gold on camera. Denham then leans toward Jack, who seems laser focused on the islands exterior, unable to process the belief in front of him. But coming closer to reality, only the skulled rock seems like the only thing writing home about. \"Well Jack, do you believe me now?\" Denham asks. \"There it is. Skull Island, just like it's described on my funny little map. We have found the discovery of a lifetime.\" \"Sure do Carl.\" Jack describes. \"But apart from the big ass skull sticking outta the mountain, it looks like any other tropical island. What's on this island that's grabbing you attention?\" Denham shakes his head with non-worries, his mind is more focused on the tasks at hand. \"What matters is, we're going ashore. Let's get started.\" The director commands. \"All right. How many men will you need?\" Jack asks. \"Just Herb, and 5 others.\" Denham replies. \"We'll have Bob and the rest of the crew take care of the ship. My guys will carry some film equipment, while your men check for any oil that you can get your hands on.\" \"Sounds good.\" \"I think you better come along, Jack. You may be able to talk to whatever birds are on shore.\" \"I planned out going anyway. You really think they'll be some oil?\" \"If it hasn't been found already, I bet my bottom dollar there will be.\" Jack now sees some confidence in Denham, he might be able to trust a bit more now. He rushes to the control room to report command to Bob. Inside, Bob and the ships oiliest, James Hyde along with Hayes, go through the radar to scan the islands landscape. The radar gives a full view of the island, the router spinning clockwise. \"There we go. Looks like solid land.\" Hayes responds. \"You're looking at the islands profile East to West.\" Bob smirks with excitement, the wait of approaching land cannot be more impatient. \"Typical formation.\" Hyde explains, his pipe gripped in his hand. \"Mountain sectors on the beach front.\" Suddenly, a loud beep from the radar, then a flash of a large red blob on the screen. \"What was that?\" Bob asks curiously. \"Probably just a glitch. A flock of birds or something.\" Hayes replies. Jack enters the room, curious of what the crew might be seeing on the radar monitor. \"Spot anything unusual?\" he asks. \"Not a thing, cap.\" Hyde replies. Jack seems relived. The mystery of this Kong seems to be filling his head nonstop. \"Bob, you'll take charge of the ship.\" The captain commands. \"If were not back before sundown, contact us on the radio.\" \"Aye sir.\" The first mate replies. Meanwhile, as the crew prepare the boats for takeoff, Ann comes walking down to the main deck, where Jack, Denham, Herb and a crew of 5 prepare to set sail on one of the small boats. She has just showered, and set her uniform into summer season. It's much more revealing to many of the crew as Hayes is overheard on the ships speakers. \"All those going ashore, report to the main deck\" A wolf whistle is heard from one of the crew members as Ann passes by. She replies with a cute smile, then rushing to Jack and Denham. \"Hey boys!\" She shouts to draw attention to the two lead men. \"How do you guys like this for beachwear?\" Both seem amused by her fit. Denham is more amazed, her beauty is beyond amazing. \"Fantastic!\" He shouts. \"You've got a pure Beauty and Beast to it!\" \"I'll be coming along too, right?\" Ann asks, running on deck to Jack. She stares at the Island in awe. She then turns to Denham. \"You bet sweetheart.\" Denham replies smiling. But Jack disagrees. He did not agree to this. \"Well, I don't think she should go until we find out what's over there.\" Jack replies with a stern worry. \"I'd rather her stay here.\" \"Oh to Hell I will Jack!\" Ann shrugs, her hands on her hips. \"You think I'm not gonna honor my father's dying wish? I'm going wither you like it or not.\" \"Hey Hey Hey, who's running this show?\" Denham grunts. \"I've found from past experience to always keep my cast and crew right with me. You never know when you need them. She's coming with us, Jack.\" Jack shakes his head. \"Fine.\" \"Now run along Jack and get the boat ready for departure. Deal out the rifles and ammunition. And get a couple of men to carry my mags. We cast in 10.\" Denham replies smiling. \"Sure thing Carl.\" Jack answers. All are all in a bit of a stretch to make sail onto shore, as the crew begin loading the boat. A few rifles are loaded in, they are simple pump action shotguns. Only on board in case of emergency, but have been carried with an extra supply for this particular voyage. Next, the camera and tripod are loaded up, as Jack takes command. \"Alright boys, let's go. Take it easy with that camera. Get the ammunition with those guns. Stand by to lower away.\" A FEW MOMENTS LATER… The boat casts off, with Denham, Jack, Ann, Herb and the five sailors, as it makes its way upon the sea waves and towards the islands beach. Denham stands upon the front proudly like that of George Washington during the Revolutionary War, Herb films handheld there approach. \"Can you believe this Herb? We got our picture!\" The director says, his adrenaline at an all-time rush. The boat lands on the beach as Jack and the others make their first step on land in over two months. \"Okay, out we go boys! Tie the dock line on shore!\" Jack commands. Ann is the first to step out, she runs out of the boat, and puts her feet on the warm sandy beach. \"Haul that line to shore, boys!\" Denham commands. The excitement can't be more expected. The crew begin pulling in the ship. Two of the sailors, Carnahan and Ross, haul it in via rope while two others, Sunfish and Lumpy, push it in. After tying the boat down to shore, they begin to unload. \"Watch those guns and equipment.\" Ross orders. Sunfish turns to Carnahan, who grabs the ammunition bag. \"You got the ammunition for those guns?\" Sunfish asks. \"Yes sir!\" Carnahan replies, loading up an assault rifle in his grip. \"Watch your step with em.\" Sunfish warns. \"There's enough to put a herd of hippos to sleep.\" Carnahan nods, he's ready to go. Ann then stars taking photos of the beach and land. The Cliffside is spectacular. Going about 100 feet or more up, the greenery sticks out with such grace along the rock formation. Jack then calls to her from the boat. \"Hey Ann, get a photo of me and Denham coming ashore.\" Ann nods, getting to position to get a good shot. \"Okay. Go.\" As Denham and Jack come out of the boat, Ann shoots them. Jack and Denham do a dramatic pose as they get off, looking at the island. They stand proudly, like that of Chirstopher Columbas making his first steps on American shores. They seem to pose like they are claiming the island in the name of their world. \"That was great guys.\" Ann smiles. She seems happy with the shot. Jack then calls to his men. \"All right men, set up seismic charges around the beach!\" Then he turns to Sunfish. \"Get the bug spray out, Sunfish! We don't want to get bitten out here!\" Jack commands. Herb continues to film the events around him. Denham face is filled with excitement. \"This is great stuff.\" The director shouts. \"Herb, let's set up a shot. I've got an idea.\" As the crew set up to prepare to explore the island, Denham and Herb set up the camera in a corner. The camera is hooked onto the tripod, as Herb loads another magazine of film. Denham looks at the environment. The shot is perfect. Then, he calls Ann over, who is busy taking photos of the crew setting up seismic charges around the beach. \"Ann, come on over her. I wanna film some shots of you near the canopy.\" The director calls to her. \"You wanna start filming already?\" Ann asks. \"Sure, why not? That's why we're here.\" Denham smiles. \"Alright.\" Ann nods, walking over to Denham. \"Keep up the good work fellas.\" Jack commands as the crew set up the seismic charges. \"We can't find oil here until we map the geological structure!\" Jack turns back to Denham's attention. He sees him with Ann, directing a scene for the camera. With him is Lumpy, who is writing down the scene details on a clapperboard. \"Hey, look over there!\" Carnahan says, pointing at Jack's direction. The others turn to Jack's viewing point, only laying eyes on Ann, who's beauty still captivates them. Her skin glosses with the reflection of the sunlight upon the sea waves. She is behind a canopy with a small sea pool, and a small cascading waterfall descends from the top peek of the Cliffside. It's a pretty picture indeed. \"Let's go check it out.\" Sunfish replies. As Denham directs Ann on the scene, Jack and the others walk over to watch excitingly and with nerves. Denham sets up Ann into position, as Herb locks in the film magazine into the camera. \"The film is locked and ready to roll Mr. Denham.\" Herb says. \"Fantastic!\" Denham burst with excitement. He sits in the \"Directors\" chair and picks up the megaphone, ready for action. \"Okay, now Ann, there's no need for you to worry.\" Denham says proudly. \"I'm a little nervous Mr. Denham.\" Ann shakes. \"Suppose I don't photograph well here.\" \"If I had known that, I wouldn't have brought you halfway around the world.\" Denham chuckles. \"We'll start with a profile. When Herb starts rolling, you just act and follow my directions, all right?\" \"Yep.\" Ann nods. Denham smiles, then turning to Herb. \"Alright, roll camera!\" Herb starts filming. \"Rolling.\" Lumpy comes in with the clapperboard, bringing it into shot. \"Scene 601! Take 1!\" He shouts. \"Action!\" Denham shouts. Production on Skull Island has begun. Ann looks fantastic on camera. The light is genuine and perfect, all natural. Denham seems pleased with the look as he directs though the megaphone. \"All right Ann, your felling a sigh of relief, you smile, and then you hear something. A low sound in the distance. You're feeling uneasy Ann. The feelings growing, it's washing over you. Your trembling Ann, you're overwhelmed…\" Ann's acting is quite good, but something about Denham's words spook Jack, who watches Ann with pleasing results. He can't help but smile at her performance, but something is defiantly a miss. As Ann acts, she seems in control of her surroundings and emotions as the scene plays out, but then she's distracted. She feels a strange presence in the air, like that of a clouded form, floating through her body. It's haunting, as then, a voice is only herd by her. Its crackling and discomforting. Like that of a dead soul. \"Modoru! Modoru! Ashita sore wa iku koto ga dekimasu! Monsutā ga kite imasu!\" It is an ancient Japanese voice, but she is unable to understand it. Then, Denham breaks her trans. \"ANN!\" The director shouts. Ann is back in focus. She seems confused by what the presence was. Everyone seems to stare at her, its rather uncomfortable. \"Sorry Mr. Denham.\" She says softly. She feels she has ruined the take. \"That's all right Ann. It was a good take.\" Denham says. He seems fine with the take. No need to do another. \"Were still rolling, just keep focus on me.\" The clapperboard comes into the framing again. \"Take 2!\" Lumpy shouts. \"Action!\" Denham shouts, now giving more direction to Ann. \"All right, look up slowly Ann. That's it. You don't see anything. Now look hire. Still hire. Good, good. Now you see it. You're amazed! You can't believe it! Your eyes open wider. It's horrible Ann, but you can't look away! It scares you. You helpless Ann, helpless!\" Ann's acting is haunting and beautiful. She seems genially scared of what she's imagining. Pictured in her head is something foul and large. A dark shadow looms over her, glowing with frightful devilish red eyes. This is something from her childhood that she dreamed as a nightmare. She pretends to hyperventilate, her breathing getting faster and faster. \"There's only one chance,\" Denham continues directing. \"…if you can scream. You try to scream but your throats paralyzed.\" Everyone is amazed by her acting abilities, especially Jack. But this feels too real. He leans over to Herb. His concerns rising. \"What's he think she's really gonna see?\" He asks. \"Shh!\" Herb hisses. \"You wanna ruin a really good take here?\" Herb seems fixated on the frame, making sure the shot is just right. \"Try to scream Ann, try!\" Denham continues. Ann tries to get her vocals out, but is struggling. The nightmare is really real to her. \"Perhaps if you couldn't see it, you could scream!\" The director proclaims, almost trying to help her. \"Throw your arms around your eyes and scream! Scream Ann! SCREAM FOR YOU LIFE!\" Ann breaks and screams like she's never screamed before. It is a chilling vocal o fear. It echoes through the island. It sends goosebumps down everybody's spine. Then, there's silence. All are fixated on Ann, who shakes with relief. Suddenly, there is a thunderous sound. A huge monstrous loud ROAR echoes back to Ann's scream. The whole crew jump from their feet in fear of the sound. It is a frightening rumble. Even those on board the Venture about a mile away, have heard the roar. Bob looks out, fearful of what he just heard. Ann trembles. Herb keeps filming. Jack and the crew stare out into the jungle in fear, and Denham stares in awe. Everyone looks like they just saw a ghost. Then, one of the sailors speaks. \"What the hell was that?\" Carnahan asks in wonder. The sound did seem very animalistic, but this was bigger, much bigger. \"Was that a bear?\" Ross asks, shaking in his boots. His gun loaded and fingers near the trigger. Denham glares into the canopy. His mood changes from fear to excitement. Is this it? The legendary Kong he's heard so much about from the stories and legends? With no warning, we begins to walk toward a path that enters a small jungle canopy. \"Herb, get the camera.\" He commands, eyes fixated on where the sound came from. Herb is in no notion of coming. The fear got to him. \"What? Are you crazy?\" He questions his boss, shaking behind the camera. \"Crazy enough to put less on you check Herb!\" Denham shouts. He's in no time to plan things out. They need to move now. \"Now come on!\" Herb nods, following Denham. Jack then speaks. \"Hey! Wait for us!\" Jack looks at Ann. She looks scared. But this isn't acting. She is at a total stand still. Wanting to keep her close and protected, he puts his arm over her shoulders. Both are spooked by the sound. They don't wanna continue. They'd rather head back to the ship. But they can't leave Denham and the others here, so they fallow. All are shooken up, but are curious as everyone else on what it was that called to Ann's scream. They head out from the beach, into the uncharted unknown world, of Skull Island. ","Summary":" BIGJACKFILMS Presents KING KONG Adapted from The Screenplay By Jack Buchanan From the Idea Conceive"},{"Movie":"King Kong","Title":"One Woman","Author":"RebeccaAnn","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5619524","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Are you out of your mind, Eric? A woman?\" First mate Benjamin Hayes crossed his huge arms across his chest. He stared hard at his captain and friend. The fact that he had used Englehorn's first name meant Ben was speaking to the other man in the capacity of a friend, not as first mate. Ben could not imagine as the captain of the Venture that Eric would ever consider taking on a female passenger. Eric gave an uncharacteristic shrug. \"She asked me for passage.\" \"Since when do you take on charity cases?\" Ben already knew the answer to that, but decided to leave it alone. He knew damn well when Eric started taking on charity cases, or at least why he did, but reminding Eric would only irritate him and put him even more on the defensive. \"Miss Wright has offered to work on the ship.\" Eric continued. \"I do not consider that charity.\" Ben slapped a beefy hand to his forehead. \" That makes all the difference. C'mon, Eric . You put a woman in the middle of a crew like the one we got, and they'll tear her to shreds.\" Eric's eyes became chips of ice. \"Any sailor that even looks at her funny will be keel hauled.\" \"You talkin' like you've already made up your mind. Thought you were asking for my opinion.\" \"I am.\" Eric removed his cap and tossed it across the cabin. \"And I'm asking you to tell me why I feel like I have lost my mind!\" He suddenly shouted. Eric began pacing back and forth in a jerky line. Ben barely understood the last part of what Eric had said. The man's accent became as thick as pecan pie when he got upset. \"You have lost your mind. A woman on this ship? It's just beggin' for trouble. Why you lookin' for trouble, man?\" Eric let out a long, slow breath and then he continued, his voice quieter. \"She's just lost her father. He was an American Naval officer. He served on the USS Iowa.\" Eric looked up into Ben's dark eyes. \"You ever engage the Iowa ?\" Ben knew the answer when Eric frowned. Ben shook his head. He recognized a lost cause when he saw one. Eric wasn't that complicated of a man, except when it came to the War. The man either had a strange sense of duty, or the hugest conscience ever known to mankind. Eric felt that he was personally responsible for his country's actions during The War. Of course that was purely ridiculous, but what Eric Englehorn set his mind to, Ben had learned over the years they had been together, was as immovable as the Rock of Gibraltar. \"You followed orders.\" Ben lowered his voice. \"Whose fault is it anyway, the gun or the finger on the trigger?\" He had been through it in his own mind dozens of times before. It was the only way to wake up everyday and not be barking mad. The things he had seen other men do. The things he had done. The things he had contemplated doing. Ben shook his head slowly. \"We were both soldiers. We were both guns .\" A familiar strained expression crossed Eric's face. \"So you have said before.\" The steamer sighed up and down against its moorings. Ben could hear the shouts of the longshoremen on the docks and the pulsing screams of the wheeling gulls. A breeze wafted into the map room bringing with it the familiar sharp smells of tar, metal, and water. \"You want my opinion? Well here it is: I don't want a woman on board.\" Before Eric could respond, a sailor knocked on the map room's door jam. He poked his grizzled head into the room. \"Cap'n, sir. There's a woman down on the dock askin' permission to board. Name's Miss Wright. What do ya want me to do with her?\" Without looking at Ben, Eric gave the sailor a curt nod. \"Bring her up here, Mason.\" \"Yes sir.\" Annoyance flashed through Ben. He leaned forward and clutched the side of the map room's table. Ben lowered his voice. \"What the hell is going on?\" Eric had retrieved his captain's cap and was adjusting it back on his head. He gathered up a few charts and slipped them underneath his arm. \"I need to take care of a few things.\" He moved toward the door. Ben caught him by the arm. \"Where you goin'? This girl is on her way up here. You expect me to talk to her all by myself?\" \"Why do you think I invited her to the Venture ?\" \"She must be a real looker.\" The picture was becoming clear, and Ben was mildly disgusted with what he saw. He had known Eric for a long time and he was no cake-eater. \"I want you to meet her. I've got to go. Tell me what you decide.\" Ben put his hands on his hips. \"You're kidding me.\" Ignoring Ben's comment, Eric turned away and then walked through the door. The conversation was over. Ben heard footsteps outside of the wheelhouse, and then a quick murmured conversation. Steeling himself, but not really knowing why, Ben turned to meet the woman who stood outside the map room. He stepped out from behind the table and stood akimbo and waited for her to enter the room. Ben wasn't quite sure who he had expected to come through that door, but it was not the tall, dark-headed woman that pulled the door open and strode into the room. Instead of trepidation or even fear-which quite frankly he had expected, there was a look of boldness on her face. She moved forward with purpose extended her hand. \"You must be Mr. Hayes. The captain has told me a lot about you. My name is Kendra Wright.\" With hand still extended, she continued. \"My father served in the U.S. Navy. I understand the workings of the power structure on a ship. The captain is the head of the ship, but the first mate is the brain, if you get my meaning. I know it's not Eric…\" She blushed slightly, \"…it's not the Captain that I need to convince, but you. I am here to ask permission for passage to England. I will work, as I have no money. I can cook, clean, and I have some nursing skills. I also have some rudimentary navigation skills, and I know my way around a ship.\" Her hand stayed unwavering in the air. He glanced from her hand to her face and then back to her hand again which remained solidly in the air. Ben wondered just how long she would leave it there. Suppressing a grin, he could tell by the tilt of her chin and firmness of her jaw, that the hand would stay right where it was for three hours if need be. Ben now knew why Eric had considered her request; this was as a woman to be reckoned with. Here was no shrinking violet, but still, put a female on the decks of the Venture for more than an hour, and all hell would break loose. There was no question in Ben's mind. \"You understand the Venture has a crew of a bunch of superstitious old sea dogs who won't like it one bit that there is a woman on board.\" Ben's hands now hung at his hips. \"I'm willing to take that chance.\" \"You're askin' me to take that chance. I'm in charge of discipline, not you.\" \"That's why I'm here, to ask you.\" Miss Wright took a small step forward. Ben crossed his arms over his chest. \"I don't like it.\" \"I appreciate your honesty, but please hear me out.\" She took a deep breath and lowered her hand, but not completely. \"My father has recently passed away.\" \"The captain told me that. My condolences.\" She seemed to brush his words away. \"My aunt who has control over my father's estate found out about my friendship with Captain Englehorn, and has refused to give me any of the money my father meant for me to have. She lost her only son in the War. She loathes Germans.\" The last sentence was delivered with thick contempt. \"I am quite sure Eric is not personally responsible for Thomas's death.\" She straightened a bit and hooked her dark hair behind her ear. \"I have nowhere to go. The sea is familiar to me and it is where I wish to be. I'll work hard.\" \"You know, I believe you, but that ain't the problem. These are hard men. You aren't exactly ugly. That'll cause problems, I guarantee that. There is no getting' around that fact.\" \"If the situation becomes awkward, then you can leave me in England. I have a few distant cousins on my mother's side that live in Bristol.\" \"The situation will get awkward the second the crew sees you coming on board with a suitcase.\" Ben dropped his arms to his sides and walked around the table. \"Then I'll bring a duffel bag.\" Ben placed his large hands on the table and leaned over to Miss Wright's eye level. \"If you know so much about life on a ship, then you know we can't spend all of our time protecting you from lovesick sailors. And some of them ain't lovesick. Some of them are just mean and nasty.\" \"I have had to take care of myself for a long time, even before my father died. I am not defenseless by any means.\" Ben covered his laughter with a gruff cough. What did she have, a Tommy Gun in her duffel bag? \"Miss Wright, by the looks of you, I am guessin' your father was an officer. You've gotta know that a sailor would rather drink ten gallons of bilge than bother with an officer's daughter, but the problem is, you're father ain't here.\" \"If I have to, I will stay in my cabin.\" \"You'll have to come out some time. Which reminds me, we don't have no ladies rooms on this ship.\" She waved her hand dismissively. \"I've taken care of my business in many a WC, Mr. Hayes.\" Then she took a step forward. The skin around her green eyes tightened. \"I'm asking for two weeks, that's all.\" Ben had to admit that the woman had a good point. It took maybe a day shy of two weeks to get to Southampton. What could happen in two weeks? Plenty, but nothing fatal, Ben supposed. But if something crazy did happen, it was seventy-five miles to Bristol. How was she going to go that far with no money and only 'distant' relatives to help? \" Tha t ain't my concern.\" He murmured. \"Excuse me, is that your answer?\" Miss Wright said with some agitation. \"Eric led me to believe…\" Ben grimaced. \"That I'm some pushover?\" Miss Wright blushed. \"No. The captain led me to believe quite the opposite, but that you had a good heart.\" Ben glowered at her, but it was no use. He couldn't deny it. He was impressed. She had moxie, that was for certain, and he could respect that. He almost believed she could take care of herself. She'd kept up with him and had answered every one of his questions without being intimidated or resorting to wheedling or turning on her feminine wiles-until the end, that is, when she sensed he was weakening. Eric owes me one. A damn big one. Ben extended his hand over the table and grasped hers. Her tanned hand was slender, but her handshake was firm.[Chapter 2] \"Miss Wright is gone, sir.\" Captain Eric Englehorn looked up from the tidal charts he was studying. A cloud of blue grey smoke wreathed his head. He straightened up and took his cigarette out of his mouth. \"What do you mean she's gone?\" \"Miss Wright is not on the ship.\" \"Have you checked her cabin?\" The large dark haired Portuguese sailor nodded. \"The hold?\" \"Yes.\" He held up his fingers as he continued to count the places he had looked for Kendra. \"And the galley, the decks, the washrooms...\" \"I get the point.\" Eric glanced at his wristwatch. \"We have been at port for exactly 17 minutes.\" \"Then she has gone ashore already, no?\" Eric swore as he stubbed out his cigarette. \"I told you to keep your eye on her, Neves.\" \"She said she was-\" the sailor paused. He clasped his hands behind his back, looked up to the ceiling, and rocked back on his heels. \"Miss Kendra said she was going to take a bubble bath. You do not expect me to keep my eyes on her while she is…\" \"Of course not, you buffoon. She just told you that to get you out of her way.\" Eric slammed his fist down on the map room table. The ashtray jumped and tipped over spilling its contents all over his hand. He jerked his hand away and rubbed the ashes off on his trousers. \"Even if she hadn't been in the bathtub, Miss Kendra does not listen to me. I tell her all the time, probably every day, I say, \"Miss Kendra, the Captain says you will not go into Zarzis…\" \"Neves!\" Neves took a step back and fanned his hands. \"Sorry, sir. It's just…well, you know how she is.\" Yes, Eric knew how Kendra Wright was. When he wasn't spending his valuable time distracted by the way her long dark braid swayed when she walked or how she looked at him out from under her lashes with those green eyes of hers, he was busy being frustrated nearly past endurance by her supreme stubbornness. It hadn't taken too many days to discover that 'telling' Kendra anything was a complete waste of time. Don't fall asleep on the deck. I won't fall off! Don't get too close to the stink badger. But he's so cute! Don't wear that blouse in front of the crew. Who are you to tell me what to wear! Don't make friends with the chimpanzee. He's lonely! Don't go ashore in Porto. But it's a beautiful day. And whatever you do, don't go ashore by yourself in Zarzis. And here was the answer to that. Gone seventeen minutes after docking. He was the captain, damn it. He was used to having his orders followed. Most orders she did follow, but there was an invisible line that once Eric crossed, it was like trying to wrestle a wildcat. \"I'm going to lock her up in a cage.\" Eric said under his breath. And isn't that what you do with a wildcat? Eric fished a ring of keys out of his pocket, knelt down, and then grabbed the heavy lockbox that was under the map room table. He pulled it out, and with a quick flick of his wrist opened the lock. He extracted his service pistol, dropped the magazine out into his palm, and then with a quick nod of approval, reloaded the gun. Eric reached back into the box for another magazine and his holster. He shut the box, locked it, and stood up. \"Neves, you're coming with me.\" \"Yes sir.\" Eric began buckling the straps of his shoulder holster, when Hayes opened the door and entered the wheelhouse. The first mate took a quick look at Neves and then saw that Eric was arming himself. He frowned. \"Captain?\" \"I'm leaving you in charge, Hayes. I'm going ashore with Neves.\" Eric turned to the sailor. \"Wait for me on the pier. I'll be down in a few minutes.\" Neves touched his cap and then ducked out the door. \"What's going on, Eric?\" \"That insufferable woman has disappeared! I told her after her stunt in Porto that she was not allowed to go ashore without a chaperone. She laughed at me, did you know that?\" Hayes rubbed an imaginary itch on the end of his nose to hide his grin. \"By 'that woman' I assume you're talking about Miss Wright.\" Eric glared at Hayes. \"Who else?\" He finished putting on his holster and then jammed the pistol home. But then a look of concern flashed across Hayes' dark features. As Eric pushed past Hayes, Ben stopped Eric with a hand on his shoulder. \"Zarzis is a cesspool.\" \"Don't you think I know that? I'm not leaving her here, no matter how big of a fool she is.\" Eric pulled on his jacket and then stashed the extra magazine into one of the inner pockets. Hayes folded his arms. \"Do you want me to help look for her?\" Eric shook his head angrily. \"Neves will be enough. Just take care of the cargo so when I do bring her back, we can leave.\" The sunrise sent thousands of light diamonds skittering across the bay of Zarzis, and as the sun slowly climbed in the sky, it became apparent that the clouds marring the perfect turquoise sky the day before had been blown out to sea during the night. The early morning air was clean, clear, and dominated by a pervasive salty tang. Eric disembarked the Venture without noticing any of the beauty surrounding him. He was focused on one thing, and crystal clear waters, lazily swaying palms, and white sand would not deter him. He passed a group of fishermen sitting crossed-legged mending their nets. They jabbered amongst themselves, wholly unconcerned by the ship captain that stalked past them. He continued up the boldered jetty, and made his way silently toward the mainland. With each step his ire grew. What was that woman thinking? It was quite obvious that she wasn't thinking at all. Stupid headstrong woman! Didn't she know how dangerous it was here for a woman-especially a white woman on her own? This was nothing like Porto. Although nothing had actually happened to her in the Portuguese port city, he was still very angry when four hours later she came waltzing back to the Venture. Her long black hair was flowing freely down her back and she was carrying an old hand woven basket filled with two bottles of Port wine and fresh cut daisies. She had an enormous smile on her beautiful face that Eric suspected had little to do with how lovely she had found Porto to be. Zarzis was a different story. Here, she was a white woman, a beautifu l white woman naively strolling through the bazaar buying little trinkets for her self and handing out pennies to orphans, no doubt. Her argument was always that she could take care of herself. And yes, Eric had to agree that Kendra was an exceptionally capable woman. She was strong, uncomplaining, intelligent, and very independent, but the last thing in the world Eric wanted was for this wild African seaport to prove her wrong. Because it would. Ruthlessly. Eric clenched his jaw and actually growled. Neves followed, marking Eric several paces behind. To his credit, the sailor sensed his captain's growing anger and said nothing. It took a half a hour to navigate the outskirts of Zarzis, first passing by low growing bushes and sporadic palms, series of shoulder high white washed stone walls, and finally through the arched entry ways that lead in to the city proper. An old woman with a black and white head dress sat against a stone wall selling brightly colored turquoise, jade, and orange woven scarves and robes. She called out to Eric half-heartedly, but he continued past her without as much as a glance. A squinty eyed, scraggly bearded fruit vendor smiled at the prospect of another customer. He offered Eric a watermelon, but was sorely disappointed. Eric swept past him and continued toward the growing din of the bazaar. A man driving a small herd of goats shouted curses in Arabic and shook his fist when Eric and Neves plowed through the middle of the herd, scattering the bleating animals in several directions. Eric stopped at the entrance to the bazaar proper. He took a few moments to school his anger. At least that is what he told himself it was. Anger at having to waste his time wandering around Zarzis. Anger at being defied. Anger at her stupidity. But there was no helping it now. She was out there somewhere, and it was up to him to find her and bring her back to the Venture. How many times had members of his crew gone missing drunk or womanizing on shore leave? This was the same, wasn't it? Willing himself to relax, Eric lounged up against the wall and folded his arms over his chest. His sharp blue eyes darted continuously to the right and left taking in the chaotic scene in front of him. The narrow walkway was lined with dozens of displays of fruits, vegetables, jewelry, silks, woven mats, brass pots, and cruses of olive oil. Vendors cajoled and convinced. Customers haggled. The occasional dog barked. Goats bleated. Their combined voices washed over Eric, leaving him unaffected. After several minutes, he finally spotted a group of eight young men ranging in age from what looked to be eight or nine years old to fifteen or sixteen. They were dressed in little better than rags, but had bright eyes and clever looking faces. \"Neves.\" Eric said in a subdued voice. The sailor stepped to Eric's side. Eric pulled a cigarette out from a pocket in his coat and placed it between his lips. He dug a match out of his trousers' pocket, flicked the end with his thumbnail, and then cupped the flame with his hand as he lit the cigarette. He gestured subtly with his head. \"Do you see that group of young boys over there by the fig vendor?\" Neves nodded. \"Go tell them I have a business proposition for them.\" Neves nodded again and then headed towards the group of boys. Eric watched Neves pass by an aggressive date seller, side step a beggar, and stiff arm a would-be cutpurse. As the sailor neared the group of eight young men, he held up his hands in a placating motion. The young men became obviously wary, and backed up a few steps, moving as one as if they were a school of fish. Yes, those boys were exactly who he was looking for. They would know the bazaar, the people, and the language better than Eric, even though he had visited the city several times in his travels. They would get answers were a white German captain would only be rebuffed. He continued puffing on his cigarette and watching Neves slickly negotiating with the group of, Eric had to admit, ruffians and thieves. But he didn't give a damn who they were or what they did; he needed their help. Neves was good at what he was doing. He hunched over to minimize his true size and strength, and could affect an air of innocence that always got the sailor what he was after. Eric watched as the leader of the pack of wayward young men slowly closed the distance between Neves and himself. The boy nodded, and then quickly shook his head and drew a filthy finger quickly across his throat. Neves' head dipped even lower, all the while talking like mad. The boy finally glanced to either side and jerked his head at his companions. From the right and from the left the rest of the gang slowly converged on Neves. One of them drew back his tattered coat to reveal a rusty curved knife. Finally Neves turned halfway around and pointed at Eric. Now it was Eric's turn. He took one last deep drag on his cigarette, tossed it down, and the deliberately ground it into the dirt. He carefully folded his arms across his chest and stared back at the gang leader until the boy dropped his gaze. Deal done. Neves came loping back to Eric. \"They are willing. They asked a king's ransom, but I agreed. I did not think it wise to barter for Miss Kendra's safety.\" Eric gave the sailor a curt nod. \"Good work, Neves. Go tell our business partners I'll be heading for The Little Mermaid. Tell them when they find her to send a runner and under no circumstances are they to approach Kendra, especially if she has found some trouble.\" Eric straightened his cap. \"Tell them to meet us back at the Venture. When Miss Wright safely aboard, they'll get their money.\" The Little Mermaid was a bar run by a one-legged Danish man named Jorgen. During his trips to Zarzis in the past, Eric had spent his time and money there. \"Yes sir.\" Neves jogged off into the milling crowd back to the rag tag band of young Arabs. Eric watched as his sailor relayed the instructions. All of the young men nodded vigorously and then looked over at Eric. The tallest one, the leader, flashed Eric a toothy, feral grin, and then clumsily saluted Eric before the boy faded into the crowd. Then the rest of the group of young thugs dispersed in eight different directions, and the bright, bustling, kaleidoscopic bazaar quickly enveloped them all. Eric kept glancing down at his watch. Every minute that passed was a minute too many. Anything could be happening to Kendra. On one hand she could be bartering with a merchant, buying blood oranges, or enjoying a drink in some meqhah. On the other hand there was a very real possibility she had already run into one of the many wolves that trolled the bazaar for women exactly like Kendra. Beautiful or white or alone. Zarzis was infamous for what the local police quaintly called 'lost women'. The only ones that were ever really looked for were the daughters and sometimes young wives of visiting Europeans-those who had the money to pay for searches. Sometimes the women were found. Most of the time they were not. Women who disappeared into the whirlpool of human trafficking that was Zarzis were rarely seen again, and if they were, it was almost better if they hadn't been found. Eric had heard hair-raising tales about abducted woman finally being found months or years later. For what had to have been the one-hundredth time, the feeling of tight fear tried to crawl up his throat. Eric pulled a hefty serving of anger out of his ready reserves and swatted the fear away. I am not some eighteen-year-old boy crawling through the foul muck of a foxhole in Calais for the first time. I have done his before. Eric berated himself. I have known fear before . No, no you haven't. A small voice mocked. Not this kind. Always for yourself. Never for a woman. A waif who had approached his side to beg for a copper penny caught a glance at the curtain of rage that suddenly cloaked the man's face. She squeaked and then fled. Eric stalked through the crowd. He didn't care that he was knocking into people, pushing them aside. No one mattered. Only Kendra mattered. Only finding that ridiculous woman and throttling her for wasting his time, his money, his sanity was all that mattered. Eric continued navigating, if clumsily, his way through the bazaar. He tried to imagine what Kendra would be looking for. Perfume? Jewelry? Eric had to admit that he didn't have a clue. More out of desperation than actual knowledge, Eric stopped at a table covered with jewelry. \"Ah, you are an intelligent man, looks at the quality of these...\" The owner of the stall began. \"I am looking for a white woman. She is about this tall,\" Eric held his hand up to his ear, \"long dark hair and dressed in a blue blouse and a khaki skirt.\" He knew exactly what she was wearing. Eric had given her room a quick search before he left the Venture, and had found her sailing garb folded neatly on the end of her cot. She didn't have a lot of other clothing besides the trousers and work shirts she wore on the Venture, so when he looked in her quarter's small cupboard he immediately noticed that her blue blouse and khaki skirt were missing. \"You come to me asking for a woman? Is that what I am selling? No, I am selling this beautiful jewelry. Although, if it is a woman you desire…\" He said lecherously. \"Have you seen her or not?\" Eric barked. \"Are you going to buy something or not? Come now, I am a man of business. I need to feed my family.\" Eric dug into his pocket and pulled out a few coins. He tossed them on the table. \"What do get for this?\" \"Not even this small ring.\" The man produced a small plain silver band. Getting angrier by the moment, but suspecting the man may have information, Eric pulled out a small handful of coins and slapped them down. \"How about this?\" \"Ah, for this? Oh, yes, for this you can buy one of these.\" The vendor plucked up a silver chain and draped it over his forearm. Dangling at the end of it was an intricately carved pendant. \"It is as beautiful as the woman you are looking for, no?\" Eric grunted noncommittally. \"I'll take it.\" \"Excellent choice.\" The man deftly wrapped the necklace in a bit of brown paper and tied it with a length of twine. With an oily smile, he handed the package to Eric, who took it impatiently from the man's hand and jammed it in his pant's pocket. Eric pulled aside his jacket to reveal his holstered pistol. \"Now you give me what I want.\" The man threw up his hands. \"No need to get violent. She was here, thirty minutes ago. She paid too much for some of these bracelets.\" He gestured toward a bunch of brass bangles hanging on a piece of bleached driftwood. Eric's patience danced on a knife's blade. He put his hands on the edge of the table and leaned over until he was eye to eye with the jewelry vendor. \"So you did see her. Did she say anything?\" The man shook his head in mock sorrow. \"Ah, my memory, it is not so good anymore.\" Eric grabbed the man's collar and yanked him forward. Brass and silver bracelets and necklaces scattered across the table and clanked noisily to the ground. The man's now sweating face was two inches from the tip of Eric's nose. He drew his pistol out and pressed it against the man's cheek. The merchant's eyes darted over to the gun and then back to Eric's face. The man licked his lips. \"Do you remember now?\" Eric asked through gritted teeth. \"Yes. Yes I remember. She was so beautiful I forgot myself.\" The man panted. \"The Veiled Camel. She wanted coffee. I directed her to The Veiled Camel.\" Panic flashed through Eric's gut. \"You imbecile! Do you know what that place is?\" Eric jammed his pistol back into its holster and then re-established his grip with both hands on the man's collar. \"It has good coffee.\" The man squeaked. \"You bastard. Is Talos your friend? Do you get a cut?\" Anger had been slowly building since the moment Eric had discovered Kendra had left the Venture. He finally let it flood out, spitting and crackling. Eric heaved the man forward several inches off of the ground and then sent him flying backwards into the mud and wattle wall that was behind the vending tables. As the man struck the wall, his arms splayed out like a rag doll. His head hit the wall with a sickening thud and then he slid down like a dropped anchor. Blood stained the new cracks in the wall. The captain dashed away from the jewelry vendor's unconscious body and plunged into the swirling mass of shoppers, merchants, and thieves. The anxiety Eric had been feeling before was suddenly magnified a thousand times. The Veiled Camel! He knew the place well. He'd had to extract members of his crew from that hole enough times to know it was not only known for its excellent coffee. The place was a damn brothel. The owner of the establishment was a ruthless Greek named Talos. He had an astounding array of beautiful women who worked for him. Talos only would have the best, and not all of his 'employees' were there of their own free will. \"Captain!\" Neves' voice cut through the din of the bazaar. The Portuguese sailor jogged toward the captain, pushing his way past a group of chattering women holding baskets full of fresh produce. He wore a look of deep concern on his face. \"Capitan. I have found her...\" \"The Veiled Camel, I know.\" Eric said tersely. He doffed his jacket and quickly unbuckled his holster and handed it over to Neves. \"For safe keeping? When we get there, come in a few minutes after me. I don't want whoever is in there to know we are together.\" The sailor nodded. \"Like Cardiz.\" Eric fingered a thin scar beneath his left ear. \"Only no blood this time, eh?\"[Chapter 3] As Kendra navigated the bustling crowds of the bazaar, her suspicions grew about the two shabbily dressed men that ambled along about thirty feet behind her. When she had stopped a few minutes earlier at a vendor selling dates, she noticed the men had also stopped. She wouldn't even have noticed them at all, but she had happened to look up and saw one of the men staring and grinning at her, his thin lips stretching over completely toothless gums. The brazen way he had made eye contact with her had sent a little trickle of wariness through Kendra. But maybe he was just staring at her, getting his 'eye full' as her father used to say. Kendra was not unaware of her looks. She had attracted unwanted attention before When she had stopped again, this time to buy a small brass box inlaid with mother-of-pearl, the two men had also stopped at the neighboring stall and fingered curved daggers with ivory handles. Coincidence? Kendra glanced up and took a quick inventory. Gaptooth, as she dubbed the toothless one, was, with exception of the absence of his teeth, very ordinary looking with nondescript scraggly black hair and wearing a simple brown robe with a darker brown sash. The other man, Blackbeard, wore a pair of khaki trousers and a white open-necked shirt. What made him stand out was the bright orange band tied around his head. It was like a beacon. If they were trailing her, they definitely needed lessons in how to make themselves more inconspicuous. Kendra merged back into the flowing crowd of people. She saw a boy hawking blood oranges and decided to stop one more time, just to be certain. If the men were following her, she needed to formulate a plan. She stopped and haggled with the boy for a couple of oranges. They arrived at a price, and Kendra paid the boy a few copper coins. When he handed the oranges to her, she pretended to drop one of them. As she bent over, she glanced down the line of stalls and saw the men, three stalls away, doing a poor job of looking as if they were serious about the silk scarves they had draped in the their hands. Again, Gaptooth caught her eye, but looked away when Blackbeard punched him in the arm. There, the matter was settled. The two roguish looking men were following her. A small knot of anxiety formed in her stomach. Kendra glanced at her watch. It was nearly noon. She had been wandering in the bazaar for over four hours! She made a disgusted sound and dropped her arm to her side. Kendra had only meant to be gone an hour. Exactly how far she was away from the docks and the Venture, she could not even guess. Kendra figured she had two choices. She could either turn around and try to find her way back to the Venture, or she could continue on to the Veiled Camel. According to the jewelry vendor, the coffee house should literally be around the corner. Weighing the alternatives in her mind, Kendra came to the conclusion that continuing on to the coffee house was the best thing to do. There was no denying it. She was lost. Kendra couldn't have made her way back to the Venture with any confidence. The men would sense that and take advantage of the situation, she was sure of it. She could ask for help and directions in the meqhah if the men followed her inside the place. Tucking the blood oranges into to her bag, Kendra strode away from the fruit stall. The men followed. Kendra abandoned all pretense of shopping and quickened her pace. She gripped her bag and slung over her shoulder, the contents jostling and clinking as she hurried through the crowd. Finally, she saw the sign that the jewelry vendor had described to her, a rather feminine looking camel with what must have once been a glittery golden veil. Relief washed through her. She entered the coffee house and stood by the entrance waiting for her heart to stop pounding and her eyes to adjust to the shadowy, smoky interior of the coffee house. There was a murmur of voices, punctuated sporadically with low laughs and the clinking of coffee cups. Clutching her bag, she walked to the nearest table and dropped into the chair. Kendra repositioned the chair so she could see anyone that entered the Veiled Camel. So far, no one had. Maybe she had been imagining the whole thing. The door opened and a slice of light flashed across the faded wooden floor. For a brief moment Kendra could see the dust motes floating in the bright air, and then door slammed shut. Kendra saw Gaptooth and Blackbeard. They were wearing smug looks. Gaptooth lounged by the door, Blackbeard walked over to the bar and sat down. Kendra sat rooted to her chair. Surely the people who ran the establishment would help her. Trying to look calm, she scanned the room looking for a waiter. She saw a short, dark-haired man wearing a crisp white apron approaching her table. His neat pencil-thin mustache twitched when he flashed her a neat smile. When he arrived, he executed a quick, formal bow. \"How may I serve you, Miss?\" Kendra leaned forward and spoke in a low voice. \"I need to speak with someone. The owner, please. I was followed here by two men. Those two that just came in. Could someone summon the authorities?\" Her voice was breathy as her words rushed. The small man bowed again. \"Ah. You are here now at the Veiled Camel. All will be well.\" He smiled and adjusted the serving towel that hung over his forearm. \"Let Nikos get you some coffee\" Kendra cleared her throat and shifted in her chair. \"I would prefer it if you would summon the police.\" She looked over Nikos' shoulder. Blackbeard was draining a tall mug of some sort of ale. Gaptooth had joined his friend and was sitting on a stool, legs crossed at the knee, and staring at her. The look on his face made her shiver. He made a deliberate show of taking a cigarette out of his pocket, putting it between his lips and lighting it. Kendra tried to swallow, but her throat had gone dry. \"Don't worry, Nikos will take care of everything, Miss. You stay right here. I will bring you coffee while you wait. Kendra started to protest again, but the waiter had turned away and was trotting toward the bar. He disappeared behind a curtain of strung beads that hung in back of the bar. The air in the cafe suddenly seemed thick and muggy. She picked up her bag and rummaged around in it until she found the fan she had bought earlier that morning. She flicked it open and fanned herself so hard, that damp tendrils of hair lifted off of her forehead. Kendra peered out of the small window, and then back to the bar. Gaptooth and Blackbeard were both drinking beer with their backs towards her, now. She saw another white woman sipping coffee a few tables away. Two men sat at at a table on the other side of the room smoking cigars and drinking coffee. She heard the clinking swish of the beads being brushed aside. The waiter, Nikos, was carrying a tray laden with an intricately carved silver coffee pot, a single cup, a milk jug, and a sugar bowl. He flashed another tight smile, his white teeth gleaming in contrast against his smooth dark skin. He wove his way between the tables with practiced grace, sidestepping the chairs, tables, and brass spittoons that cluttered the floor. \"The best coffee in Zarzis.\" He said as he put the tray down in front of Kendra. \"The proper people have been notified. You will be attended to very soon.\" He picked up the coffee pot and filled her cup. Relief swept through her. \"Thank you.\" Nikos bowed, smiled again, and then went off to attend to the other woman. Kendra picked up the milk jug and poured a small amount into the steaming liquid. She watched the milk make swirling patterns on the surface of the coffee. She raised the cup to her lips with both hands and tried the coffee, but it was still too hot to drink. The captain would be furious. But what did he expect? Englehorn treated her as if she was a child, smothering her with strict demands and condescending assumptions. No wonder she had felt mutinous. Why Englehorn could not get it through his very thick skull that Kendra was a grown woman, fully capable of looking after herself was beyond her. She could make her own decisions, she could take care of herself, and she certainly would not be caged by the whims of a man who obviously thought he stilled lived in the Middle Ages. Whether the captain knew it or not, he had issued a challenge rather than an ultimatum when he had lectured her after the 'Porto Incident', as she called it. You will not leave this ship unchaperoned again! Well, she had shown him, hadn't she? Quelling the irritating thought that she was been childish, Kendra recalled the exhilaration she had felt when she had succeeded in sneaking off of the Venture not five minutes after it had docked. A dazzling blue sky and exotic sights had greeted her. Her nose had been filled with the tangy scent of the sea; sweet smell of ripe fruit; the musky odor of goats and camels; the pungent aroma of spices; and the meaty smell of bits of meat being roasted on sticks. Her eyes had feasted on a kaleidoscope of brightly colored cloths, tables of jewelry, turbans, robes, and exotic tattoos, carved brass items, and even a few sparkling rubies and diamonds. The place was a bustling rich, treasure chest. Kendra had felt like a cunning pirate. She tried another sip of coffee. It was still very hot, but bearable. It was dark and strong. Kendra heard the footsteps behind her a heartbeat too late. The cold, steel barrel of a pistol pressed up against her cheek. A low, gravely voice whispered into her left ear. \"Be very quiet and very still, Miss.\" Kendra's mouth went dry. Without thinking, she shifted forward in her chair. The metallic grinding of the trigger being cocked jangled in her ear. She froze. \"You will do as you are told.\" The voice rasped. Kendra fought the numbing dread that sprang up in her chest and down her arms. Where were the 'proper people', where were the men Nikos had promised would be attending to her? Where were the authorities? Where was help? Panic rose up inside of her, and then with a sudden chill, Kendra realized that the 'proper people' were attending her. Nikos had never said he had spoken with the police, or the authorities. She had assumed the 'proper people' were people who would help her. She suddenly felt supremely foolish. She glanced up at the bar. Both Gaptooth and Blackbeard were laughing. The other white woman in the room was staring at Kendra with a mix of indifference and boredom. Kendra looked down. Her hand was trembling. A few drops of coffee splashed over the edge of the cup and landed on her hand. She bit down on her lip against the pain of the burn. \"Now, be a good little girl and put that coffee down. I think you are done with it, no?\" Anger at acting like such an idiot, anger at allowing herself to be duped, anger at being called a little girl converged and overpowered her fear. She gripped the cup of steaming coffee and flung it over her shoulder. The man behind her jerked back and cried out. The cup glanced off of her assailant and bounced back over Kendra's shoulder and then smashed on the floor in front of her. She bolted to her feet, knocking into the table and sending it skidding forward. Kendra took two frantic steps before her foot landed in the middle of the smashed coffee cup. She slipped and lost her balance. Shouts filled the Veiled Camel. As Kendra fell, a body crashed into her and rammed her to the floor. She wriggled and thrashed against the weight of the man on top of her. The brute sprang up and straddled Kendra's hips. He grabbed one of her arms and shoved it into the small of her back. A terrific bolt of pain seared through her shoulder. With her free hand, Kendra reached out and grabbed the biggest piece of broken china she could see. She felt the sharp edge bite into her palm, but she didn't care. The man's hand groped toward her free arm, but she managed to evade his frantic grasping. The man gave up on trying to pin her other arm down. Fingers splayed, he smacked her head against the floor and ground her cheek into the tiny fragments of broken china that littered the ground. He wrenched her arm upward again. Kendra screamed. Other voices were yelling words she could not understand. She heard footsteps coming close to her. Sweat stung Kendra's eyes. Her breath came in ragged pants as she continued to struggle against her assailant. He grunted and shoved her pinned arm further into her back. Her bones cracked and her breath whooshed out of her lungs. Desperate, Kendra struck out with her free hand, snake-like, and felt the broken bit of china connect with the man's arm. He yelped. The pressure on her back lessened. Kendra gasped for a breath. She wrenched herself to her side and tried to scrabble away. She heard the man cry out in rage, and then her head smashed into the floor again. Lights popped and haloed. Everything went dark.[Chapter 4] When Kendra had come back to her senses, two men, each grabbing one of her arms, were dragging her along a wooden floor that she could only guess was in the recesses of the coffee house. At least that is where she hoped she was. Kendra didn't feel that she had been unconscious for long, but the pain that was ripping through her shoulder as the men drug her along made her wish she still was passed out. She tried to lift her head to see where they were taking her, but just opening her eyes made a wave of dizzy nausea roar through her. The men stopped and said something in a language that she now could identify as Greek. She heard another voice reply, and then heard the sound of a door being opened. Then the men pulled her through a doorway and then manhandled her into a chair. Her captors spoke again to each other as they fumbled with her arms, and then she heard footsteps walking away. The door slammed. Kendra sat slumped in the chair for a few minutes trying to gather her scattered wits as well as assess her physical condition. Her palm stung from the jagged bit of china that, in the end, had not won Kendra her freedom, but had elicited another head drubbing against the floor. Her right shoulder was on fire. Dislocated perhaps? She couldn't tell without moving it, and she dare not twitch a muscle. Her ribs were sore on the right side of her torso. Not broken, she thought, but still angry as hell. And her head. Kendra's brain felt as if an anchor had been dropped on her skull. Her jaw and side of her head were still aching where the man had tried to knock a hole in the floor with her head. She slit open her eyes and found the nausea and dizziness dissipating. Blood dripped from her palm in measured crimson splashes onto the grimy floor. She wouldn't bleed to death from the wound, but it sickened her how the puddle of blood grew larger with each passing minute. The room smelled of cigar smoke and the sour scent of fear. How many other women had sat cowering in this very chair? Dammit. These bastards aren't doing this to me. She raised her head a little higher. The room was small and cramped, dim and cluttered with pile of empty crates, brooms, and wash buckets. Her head swiveled around. There was only one piece of furniture in the room, and Kendra was sitting on it. And then she suddenly noticed something. They had tied her wrists to the arms of the chairs. A feeling of claustrophobia and impotence swept through her. When had they done that? It had registered in her brain at the time that when they were messing around with her wrists that they were actually tying her to the chair Kendra tested her bonds. Tight as barnacle on the hull of the Venture. She swore. Momentarily defeated, Kendra's head slumped forward. Her hair, which had at some point been pulled out its pony tail, swung forward to cover her face. Her eyes were drawn to the sticky puddle on the floor. It was no longer bright red, but fading to a dull rust color. She'd been here at least a half an hour. They were trying to frighten her further by leaving her alone in the semi-dark room. Well , thought Kendra fiercely, I won't let them do that. If I am going to be scared, it'll be because I want to be sacred. Kendra didn't feel scared at all. She was terrified. She could smell her own fear. It soaked her blouse and poured off of her like breakers at high tide. Kendra strained against the ropes on her wrists. Sweating and grunting from the effort, she struggled until the chair was rocking back and forth. A sense of urgency filled her. Kendra continued straining, legs straightening, arms pulling, fingers wiggling, wrists jerking from side to side. The ropes were loosening! Excited by her progress, Kendra rocked the chair harder and harder. With a sudden swooping tilt, the chair rocked up on two of its legs. Kendra went still. The chair teetered for a moment, and then fell, landing with a terrific crash on the floor. The door flew open. Kendra saw two pair of sideways boots step into the doorway. A disembodied voice said something in Greek, and then the man laughed. Kendra did not understand the words, but the she did understand their meaning. They were just going to leave her there the way she was. The door slammed shut. Kendra leaned her head over to the floor. Tears slid down to the tip of her nose and plopped on the dusty floor. Heaven help me. Someone help me! But there was no one to help her. She had seen to that quite thoroughly. Kendra squeezed her eyes shut. Because of her stubborn foolhardiness, here she sat tied to a rickety fallen over chair, bleeding, bruised, and a prisoner in the recesses of a rundown coffee bar in the middle of an African seaport, for what purpose she could only guess. Acid burned the back of her throat. She didn't have to guess. She knew. She knew what her intended fate was to be. Kendra knew enough of the world to imagine how life would be if she could not find a way out of this hellhole she had landed herself into. Kendra clenched her hands into fists. The slice in her palm re-opened, and blood oozed through her fingers. She found if concentrated on the pain, she could keep her fear at bay. Almost. Kendra heard the door open. Three pairs of boots entered, and then the door clicked shut. Two pairs of boots flanked the doorway, and the third bore down on her in slow, measure footsteps. A pair of worn black leather boots appeared in her field of vision. A man bent over, grabbed the arm rests of the chair and gave a mighty yank. In a dizzying rush, Kendra was upright again. The room reeled in her vision for a moment, and then became still. \"It seems I have a fighter on my hands.\" The voice was cold and steady. Cold foreboding filled her stomach, but she forced her eyes upward. Rough fingers suddenly grabbed her jaw and wrenched her head upward. Kendra flinched as she took in the man that was standing in front of her. She fixated on the thick white scar that started at one temple and ran through his puckered left eye and terminated on the bridge of his misshapen nose. The man's closely shorn hair was a storm cloud grey and stood straight up form his skull. The man still had a firm grip on her jaw. He adjusted her head to the left forcing her to look into his good eye. Kendra blanched. His remaining eye was as black and soulless as a shark's. \"Please. Let me go.\" Her voice was tiny hoarse, not at all how she intended to sound. She hadn't intended to beg, either, but there was something about the man's callous, severe face that made her do it. If she had been able, Kendra would have fallen to her knees, grabbed on to his boots, and begged for her life. She was disgusted at her sudden cowardice. The man released her chin and folded his arms across his barrel chest. \"So polite. I was told you fought like a she-bear.\" He gave a short mirthless laugh. \"I am a business man. Stunning, American, alone . A rare commodity.\" The man's voice hardened. \"I now own you.\" A feeling of despair washed through her. Alone . No one knew she had left the Venture . No one knew where she had gone. No one knew where she was. She tried to swallow, but terror had dried out her mouth and congealed into a palpable lump inside of her throat. \"You will call me Mr. Talos. Tell me your name.\" After several seconds of trying to speak past her dry and paralyzed tongue, she finally whispered, \"Kendra Wright.\" \"Well, Kendra Wright. Tell me why you are in Zarzis.\" Fear goaded her tongue into action. \"I am part of the crew of a tramp steamer called the Venture .\" Kendra's world exploded as the man delivered a stinging wallop across her face. The left side of her face stung and burned, her ear started ringing. \"Do not ever lie to me again.\" He snapped. Skewering pain brought tears to her eyes. She felt as if the blow had knocked her jaw completely sideways. Kendra felt warm lines of blood running down her chin. \"You are a sailor just like Andreas here is King Constantine.\" Mr. Talos continued. Andreas laughed behind Kendra. She hadn't even noticed the man moving from the door. Maybe four men had entered the room. \"Let me guess. You are the spoiled brat daughter of some self-important American businessman vacationing here in Zarzis.\" The man drew a rough finger down her jaw line. \"Women go missing in this city all the time. They vanish into thin air.\" He snapped his fingers underneath her nose. \"It is a shame. The Zarzis consulate is always so very apologetic and they do put on a good show of scouring the city. You will be just another unfortunate victim of the city. We will leave your bloodied clothes down by the beach. They will assume that you have been killed. If you ever try to leave, I will let Andreas work on you with his knives, and you will wish you really were dead.\" He stroked her injured cheek with a rough thumb. \"And that would be a shame. You will be worth a lot of money once your face heals.\" Talos leaned forward until she could feel his hot, foul breath on her cheek. He kissed the side of her neck and drew away. There was an overeager, libertine look on his face. He glanced over Kendra's shoulder at Andreas \"She's covered in blood. See that she gets a bath.\" Kendra wept.[Chapter 5] Eric's boot strikes on the cobbled street rang out with military precision as he hurried up the hill. His unshaven jaw clenched. He wielded his anger like a club, bludgeoning down every jab of anxiety that leapt up through his gut. Anger was the only way he was going to get through this. It kept his wits honed, his focus sharp, and his mind clear. Worry and fear were just emotions that served to slow his reflexes and muddy his vision. Emotions he told himself he felt because Kendra was a member of his crew that was in trouble. Cresting the hill, Eric saw the coffee house on the left side of the twisting street. He stopped and leaned up against a stack of crates and lit a cigarette. He took a long drag, and then blew the bluish smoke out through pursed lips. Eric took another drag on his cigarette, and then threw it down. He ground the glowing butt under his booted heel. They had discussed going back to the Venture to pick up Hayes, a dozen or so of the crew, and guns, of course, but the probability of Kendra being moved during that time was high. Kendra disappearing in the filthy warrens of Zarzis was not an option. If they did not find her here at The Veiled Camel, she would slip away and become as out of reach as a chain-less anchor. The Veiled Camel was just far enough off the beaten track to attract those who had little regard for the law, but close enough to entice tourists who thought they were being daring. The location suited Talos' bustling black market business, trading in rum, opium, guns, and women, to a tee. Ruthlessness and a keen business sense had turned a modest little coffee house into the successful hive of vice and money making that is was. Talos could afford the exorbitant bribes the Zarzis officials demanded in exchange for a general oversight of his organization. The Greek conducted his business mostly unfettered, so Eric knew it would be asinine to try and involve the police. They would have little interest in listening to Eric. They would probably arrest him out of sheer annoyance for bothering them with such a 'frivolous' case. So they would have to do this alone. Eric would go in and demand that Kendra be returned. There would be bargaining, at which point Eric would promise to exchange Kendra for guns and ammunition. Neves would stay in the background, posing as a drunken sailor. If anything went wrong, Neves was armed. It was a game they had played before with success before. He adjusted his white cap and glared at the peeling paint on the front door of the meqah. No one had come in or out for the past five minutes. He glanced to his right and saw Neves lounging against a store front, his chin tucked down on to his chest, hands stuffed into his dungarees. The sailor let out a tremendous belch and then spat. That was the signal. Neves was ready. Damn that woman. The inside of the meqah was dark and smoky. To Eric, the place stank of corruption, coercion, and blackmail. A couple of Arabic men were smoking a hookah in the corner. Two sailors were bellied up to the bar drinking and jabbering away in Spanish. An olive-skinned woman with enormous brown eyes was lounging on a stool at the end of the bar. She looked up at him caught Eric's eye. He returned her stare, shook his head, and then made a quick horizontal cutting motion with his hand. The woman gave Eric a petulant look, and then turned away. Eric swept his cap off and tucked it under his belt. There was a short, dark-haired man standing behind the bar. He was polishing a coffee cup with the edge of a bar towel that had once been white. Eric walked up to the bar. The man behind the bar placed the cup down and smiled a toothy smile. \"Greetings.\" The man's eyes darted to Eric's white cap. \" Captain . What is your fancy today?\" The man spread his arms wide indicating the many jars, brass containers, and bottles stacked on the shelves behind the bar. \"I have many things to choose from. Tea? Coffee? Ouzo? Or perhaps you would care to sample some of our more exotic fare?\" The man grinned again. Eric grasped the edge of the bar and leaned forward. He decided that there was no time for banter. \"Talos has something that is mine. He didn't pay for it, and I want it back.\" The dark-haired man cocked his head to one side as if he were perplexed. \"You are mistaken, I am sure. Talos is no thief. He is the proprietor of this fine business...\" \"A white woman came in here about an hour and a half ago. She is a member of my crew.\" The barkeep picked up another coffee cup and began polishing it. \"I cannot say I have seen a white woman today.\" Eric leaned in even further. He could smell garlic on the man's breath. \"I know she is here.\" The man's dark eyes flicked behind the Captain's shoulder. Eric felt someone step up behind him. Eric smacked his fist on the bar. Several coffee cups rattled and bounced. \"I know what this place is. I know who Talos is. That woman came in here, and I want her back.\" The barkeep's black eyes went hard. Just as Eric had predicted and wanted, the man who had stepped up behind him slipped a hand around Eric's upper arm. \"Is there a problem, Nikos?\" A gravelly voice sounded in Eric's ear. \"Zeno, this man seems to think a white woman has come into the Veiled Camel today.\" Eric twisted out of the grip on his arm and turned around. Eric stood nose to nose with one of the men who had been smoking hookah. \"Take me to Talos now.\" \"You are in no position to demand anything, Captain.\" Eric lunged toward the hookah man, Zeno, and grabbed the front of his shirt. Before he could take a step forward, rough hands grasped both of his elbows and yanked him backward. \"I would not do that if I were you.\" A new voice sounded in Eric's ear. Eric struggled in what he hoped was a convincing matter. \"Let me go you fools.\" Eric felt something hard jab into his back as Zeno strode forward. He jabbed Eric in the chest. \"Talos does not allow this kind of behavior in his establishment.\" Zeno growled. \"I know about the opium. I have proof!\" There was a brief silence after Eric's declaration, and then the man who had a revolver jammed into Eric's back spoke rapidly in Greek to Nikos. The barkeep gave a curt nod in response. Zeno rifled through Eric's pockets. When the man found nothing there, he jammed his hands up Eric's pant legs and continued searching. The man grunted as he yanked Eric's old kampfmesser out of its thigh sheath. Damn! He'd forgotten about his small trench knife. He'd be sad to part with it. The small blade had saved his life twice during the Great War. Zeno slapped the blade down on the counter. \"Really, Captain.\" Nikos said. He covered the knife with his hand and slid it off edge of the bar discreetly. \"Talos runs a quiet establishment.\" An unpleasant edge crept into his voice. \"We'll have none of your filthy German brutality here.\" Satisfied that Eric was now unarmed, Zeno and the unseen man shoved him forward toward the right side of the back of the bar. Eric resisted, leaning backwards and muttering complaints and accusations. Zeno smacked Eric in the back of the head. \"Shut up Fritzie.\" Where was Neves? He should have come in by now. Below Eric's anger, a lacy panic began to swell. If he disappeared into the back of the bar without Neves knowing where… The front door opened and a slash of light flashed across the interior of the bar. Eric purposely stumbled and fell to the floor. As he landed, Eric twisted around so he could see who had just entered. Swaying slightly, Neves made his way toward the bar. \"Eu quero um pouco de rum!\" But before bellying up to the bar, Neves flicked his eyes over to Eric and grinned. \"Rum!\" Eric was hauled to his feet and frog marched toward a sheet of hanging beads behind the bar. Zeno parted the beads and Eric was shoved through. Eric found himself being propelled down a dark, cramped hallway. The procession of Englehorn, Zeno, and the still unidentified Greek thug turned left down an even darker passageway. Zeno, who led the way, stopped in front of a door and delivered three sharp raps. Eric heard footsteps. The door opened wide enough for a man to poke his head out. \" Talos is busy.\" The man said in Greek. \"This man is accusing Talos of stealing. Says he has proof. \" Zeno grabbed Eric by the collar and jerked him forward. \"Who is he?\" The man inside the door demanded. Zeno tightened his grip on Eric's collar.\"What the hell is your name?\" For a second, Eric debated whether or not disclosing his real name would get him on the other side of the door, the door that he was now fully convinced stood between himself and Kendra. \"I only speak to Talos.\" The thug behind Eric rammed his head into the doorjamb. \"Name, you filthy swine!\" \"Englehorn.\" Eric gasped. Then, with reflexes honed in hours of hand to hand combat in the treacherous trenches of France and Belgium, Eric struck out at the man behind him, catching his captor in the throat with a well-placed backward thrust of his elbow. The man fell, clutching at his throat, rasping and choking. Zeno turned around, only to be greeted by Eric ramming his forehead into the surprised Greek's face. Zeno's head snapped back against the door jam and slid bonelessly to the ground. The Captain burst through the door, panting. His eyes raked the inside of the room and quickly assessed situation. It was not good. He could smell blood. His gaze settled on Talos, who was standing akimbo in front of a figure, slouched in a chair. Several splotches of half-dried blood stained the floor. Eric's jaws clenched reflexively. He looked at Talos and couldn't help staring at the ropey white scar that slashed the man's face in half. \"I am busy.\" Talos said in a silky voice. He stepped away from the figure in the chair. Terror as Eric Englehorn had never known knifed through his chest. It was Kendra. She was tied, tied to the chair, blouse was ripped open, a bruised shoulder and half her blood spattered brassiere exposed. She was trembling, but by damn, her chin was lifted in defiance. Well, that explains the blood, Eric thought. He almost laughed out loud. Almost. Now was the most crucial part of this whole charade. Kendra had to act a part she had no idea she was playing. Eric wiped his mouth with the back of his hand. \"You traitorous little Jezebel!\" He seethed. ","Summary":" \"Are you out of your mind, Eric? A woman?\" First mate Benjamin Hayes crossed his huge arms across"},{"Movie":"Grease","Title":"Murder at Rydell High","Author":"Rosie80","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12751288","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N This is gonna be a kind of thriller, detective story or something...I will try to keep this story updated more or less like my other one here. And of course, I do hope you'll like it! (Votes and reviews are welcome:-) ) Prologue It was the last days of January 1959. Like any other Friday, we all were looking forward to enjoy our weekend as much as possible. And also as usual, we would go to the drive in and see the girls there. However, none of us had the slightest idea of how different would things be. It all began about one, after the lunch break. We had Biology, with Mr Wilkins, and well...I was just doing the fool, imitating him...I had done it some more times, but that day he saw me. -Well, Jacobs, I see you aren't paying attention to what I'm saying. Maybe a detention will help you to know I don't accept this kind of things. You'll stay till five here at school. -I was doing nothing, Mr Wilkins! -That's exactly what you always do. Nothing. And don't insist, or it will be three hours. Damn hell! I knew what that meant. I could say farewell to my weekend. The moment my folks knew I had been on detention, I would be grounded. And I would be lucky enough if it was only that weekend. -Bad luck, buddy, but you should have been more careful. Wilkins was watching you. -I know, I know. Well, gotta tell Jan I won't make it tonight, to the drive in. Have fun ok? See you on Monday. During the detention, I was supposed to write an essay apologizing for what I had done. Well, if old Wilkins wanted that, he'd have it. I would have to think of some prank to play on him... As soon as I saw it was five, I went to Wilkins's office and let there the essay. Then, when I was back in the detention class, I realized my favourite jacket wasn't there. It was a jeans jacket, and my ma had managed to sew a bit T on the back. I looked everywhere, but there was no trace of it. \" Hell...the one who has taken it, he'd better not wear it here\". I was fuming, but that wouldn't bring my jacket back. So, I took my things and went out, to the parking lot. I had been given my first car not long ago...a bright blue one, I couldn't be more proud about it. I drove home and phoned Jan and the guys, to make a plan for that friday night, As usual, we would meet at Frosty's, and then we'd go to the drive in. But that night, with my brand new car, I would have the chance of picking Jan at her place...It was such a good change! That night was specially funny, and best of all was, Jan and me arranged to meet Saturday night...just the two of us. We had been friends for a long time, but till the dance offf, we didn't realize there was something else going between us... I was willing to spend that night with her, though I had no idea about where to go. Not to Frosty's, in any case. Next morning, when I wake up and went downstairs for breakfast, my ma told me about the murder. It was in every local newspaper...a Rydell student, Debbie Coleman, had been found murdered last evening, by one of the maids who cleaned Rydell. -What? Let me see the paper... I was in shock...a murder at Rydell! And I had been there that evening, I could have been attacked too... According to the paper, Debbie had been stabbed several times, and the police had some valuable clues to arrest her murderer in a day or two. -Did you know her? -Debbie? No, not exactly. I mean, I had heard of her, but she wasn't that fond of us. The phone rang, and I went to answer. It was Doody, who had just read the news. He was as surprised and shocked as me, or as everyone would probably be by then. The whole gang met a bit later at Frosty's. Riz, strangely in her, was specially affected by Debbie's murder. She told us they used to be friends in primary school, and even now, even if they two had drifted apart and were in two different groups, kept something of their friendship. In fact, we had never heard Riz criticizing Debbie, though she used to hang out with her hated Patty Simcox and her friends. -Who would have done such a thing? -Guess we'll know it soon, it says here the cops do have some clues... -Whoever he is, he's a son of a...Damn! I'd better be going, wanna see Debbie's folks. See you on Monday... Bit by bit, we all left Frosty's. I took Jan home, and told her I'd pick her at nine...When I arrived to my place, a police car was parked just infront, with no cops in it. I had a terrible feeling as I opened the door... My folks were in the living room, with two cops, and my ma was crying... -Ma, what...? -You'd better come with us, son... -With you? No...what's going on? It couldn't be what I was thinking...did they really suspect I had killed Debbie? -Listen, if it's because of,.. -Once we are in the precinct, you can tell as much as you want. Mr and Mrs .Jacobs, I suggest you look for a good lawyer, he's gonna need it. You, put your hands behind your back.-He took a pair of cuffs...-And now, move! You're under arrest for the murder of Debbie Sheridan. -No...wait, you're making a mistake... I didn't kill... -Move! They took me to the patrol car and drove away, to the precinct. My head was about to explode...that had no sense at all. Add in-line media Bring your story to life by adding multimedia. Must be in PNG, GIF, or JPG format, smaller than 2MB. Recommended cover dimensions: 512x800 pixels. Learn MoreOK Revision restored Images are still uploading Some of your images are still uploading and are not in your story yet. Return to editor Discard images Dedicate this story part to a friend Dedications are a way to thank someone who has impacted your story. Learn more Dedicate Add a cast Adding casts to your story give you the ability to put a celebrity face to your characters. Learn more Cast External link Add a link for this story part. Ok Are you sure you want to unpublish this part? Yes, Unpublish this Part No, Cancel Resolve Conflict You've saved a newer version of this story part from somewhere else. Which one would you like to keep? Keep this version Replace this version Get the App Language About Us Writers Business Jobs Press Terms Help © 2017 Wattpad img src=\" p?c1=2cj=1\" img height=\"1\" width=\"1\" style=\"display:none\" src=\" tr?id=1422218544461353noscript=1\"[Chapter 2] I was taken to the police station, where my fingerprints were taken before I was booked. I kept asking why had I been taken there, but no one gave a damned answer. Then, they took me to a cell where I would have to wait for being questioned -You're making a mistake bringing me here! Let me at least one phone call, please...I think I've got right to it... -You watch too many movies, kid. No phone calls until tomorrow. And sure, we've made a huge mistake. We know... that's what all of you say. But evidences talk for themselves, and they don't lie like you do. -I'm not lying! Why don't you listen? And what evidences? -Enough! My patience is about to reach her limits...Shut up! You'll have time enough to talk tomorrow. And let's see if you're so talkative by then. I lay on a kind of bench hat there was on the cell , and tried to sleep for a while. It was an useless effort...I just kept thinking how much my life had changed in no more than twelve hours. The day before, my only worry was having some kind of trouble with this or that teacher, or quarreling with Jan, or things like that. And now, I had been booked, falsely accused of murder and who knows with what kind if evidence against me. How on earth would I defend myself? Then I realized suddenly. My jacket. That was what they had to prove I had killed Debbie. Whoever had taken it, he was the real killer. Yeah, that sounded logic, but surely those cops wouldn't believe a word when I say someone had stolen it. Who, and why, could have done such a thing? Had it been deliberate, or was it just pure bad luck? No one came until next morning, I guess they expected I would be scared enough as to tell them what they wanted to hear. But , as much frightened and tired as I was, how the hell would I admit something I hadn't done? -You, come with me. An inspector will talk to you now. I was taken to a small room, and told to wait. A while later, two inspectors came in. One was about fifty, and had a really serious look. The other, much younger, would be in his early thirties. -Well..-The older cop had a quick glance at his folder-Roger, right? I guess you will know by now why are you here. -Yeah, but I've already said, it's a mistake... -Listen, kid, don't make us lose our time ok? We have your jacket, identified as yours by a witness, dirty with the girl's blood. We have your pocket knife with your fingerprints and also with Debbie's blood on it. So, help us and help yourself, and tell the truth. I went suddenly pale...had completely forgotten about the knife...Things were getting harder by the moment. -I was in detention, and before going home I had to leave an essay at one of the teachers's office. He wasn't there, so I slipped the essay under the door. When I went back to detention class, my jacket wasn't there. I took a look all around, didn't find it and went home. That's all. -Right. So, some mysterious guy steals your jacket with your knife in it and then uses it to kill one of your fellow students. Try again with something more believable, kid. Or even better, with plain and simple truth. We have all the day to hear it. -I'm telling the truth! Why don't you believe me? -Did you know this girl? What reason did you have to...? -I barely knew her...and I'm telling you, I didn't kill her! Why don't you believe me? -Ok...we've tried by hook, but if you don't help, it will have to be by crook- th older cop took his bludgeon out. About ten minutes later, I was taken again to the cell...My back was hurting as hell because of the beating... Jan I waited for maybe one hour before admitting Putzie wouldn't come. I was really angry at him, how on earth had he stood me up that way? He would have to give a good explanation next Monday, and oif course it would take him before I even think of forgiving him. I thought of calling him to know why the hell he hadn't come, but anyway...if someone had to phone, it was him. And I wasn't sure at all of wanting to talk to him. On Sunday, my parents wanted all of us- they, me , and my bro Steve- to go seeing our grandparents, so we spent the whole day out of town. Maybe it was better like that...by then, everyone would know about me being stood up on Saturday night and I didn't feel like hearing stupid jokes about it or even worse, having fake solidarity from anyone. There would be enough of both on Monday, anyway... We arrived home about nine, had a quick dinner and I went to bed.[Chapter 3] Jan -So,how was your Saturday night? I bet you enjoyed it quite a lot... -You'd better not ask, French. Putz will have to be very convincing if... -C'mom, Jan, don't play the tough girl. You two are head over heels with each other, we all know that! -Well, maybe he ain't that much. Anyway, I don't wanna talk about it, huh? At first period, we had Math. I don't like it at all, so it was a kind of relief when Ms Thompson told us there would be no class that day. Ms McGee had to tell all of us something important , and we all had to go to the boys' gym. I guess it was then when first worries appeared. What if...? As I walked to the gym, I saw Danny and Kenickie...maybe they knew something about Putz. But they didn't either, and I was trying to be ready for whatever Ms McGee would have to say. I was pretty sure what it was... The gym was overcrowded, and it was really hard hearing nothing, with everyone gossiping and chatting aloud. I could only hear some words, here and there: \" Murderer\" \" Arrested\"... I wanted to go out of there, but managed to hide it...As we looked for a place to sit, I could notice everyone looking at me. -Hey, has anyone seen Putz this morning? I gave Doody a stern glance, and he asked no more. Finally, Ms McGee came and started talking... -Class, as you all will know by now, one of your fellow students, Debbie Sheridan, was killed here last Friday. A big roar was heard. I was dreading for what would come next. -I deeply regret to inform you that the presumed killer, that has already been arrested, is also one of your fellows. Still, police is still investigating and things can change in any moment. And now, I would like all of us to pray silently for Debbie and her killer. -Who is the killer, Principal McGee? -Randy, we all know who it was! Look at those ones-and he pointed at us-The one missing, that's the killer! -I dare you to say one more thing, you son of a...! -Whenever you want, jerk! -I'll catch you later, Taylor... -Looking forward to it! I couldn't hold my tears any longer.. While Marty and the other gals tried to confort me, the guys had started a fight with that Randy and his friends... The gathering finally ended, and everyone left. I stayed in the gym for a while, with Sonny and Marty... -I can't believe he's arrested. And me, what a fool I was, getting mad with him for not coming pick me...guess he had already been... I broke down, finally, and began to sob. -Gonna try to see him, who knows what he'll be going through... Will have to talk to his folks, too... -I'll go with you. \" How long have I been here? Damn, being locked will drive me crazy...if at least someone listened. I didn't even know that girl, why the hell would I have killed her?\" -Inspectors want to talk to you. Move. Not again...how many times will I have to tell the same story? I got up slowly and followed the officer, to the same interrogation room I had been in the day before. First thing I saw when I went in, was the bludgeon, over the table, as a reminder of what was waiting for me. I shivered just by seeing it. The same cops from the day before came in... -Are you ready to talk? -God...I told you. My jacket was stolen, and I didn't kill that girl. How many times will I have to repeat it? -You're too cocky for your own sake, know that? And you'd better not lie us if you don't want me to...-and he took the bludgeon. I shrugged... -What's the point in all this? You've decided I'm guilty, and no matter what I say, it won't change a thing, right? -C'mon, kid, make things easier for everyone, including yourself. If you confess now, we'll be generous with you. What else could I do? I feared being beaten again, and if I kept denying being Debbie's killer, it was pretty likely they would beat me again... I gave up. -Yes. I did it. That's what you wanted me to say, huh? Well, you've got it! -That's better. We've got a confession here, just sign it and all this will be over. One of the cops handed me a pen and I signed the paper... Right after, he took the paper from me, and by the way he looked at me I knew I had just fallen in their trap. The older cop opened the door, and called someone... -Harris! Tell the lawyer he can come in now. I couldn't believe it...there was a lawyer waiting outside and they hadn't let him in? How had they fooled me that way? -Good morning, lawyer... Sorry to keep you occupied. Your client has just admitted having killed this girl, and he will be sent tomorrow to the juvenile detention center in Carson City, Nevada. -What? No, you can't do this to me...you know that confession ain't true...I did nothing! Please don't... As much as I protested, it was useless. I was dragged again to my cell until the following morning... How had I been such a fool to believe what that cop said? I[Chapter 4] Jan That day, after classes were through, me and Sonny went to talk to Putz's folks, hoping they knew something about him. Maybe they could help me seeing him as well... All I could think about was how would he be... -Who do you think did this, Sonny? -I wish I knew...he would pay for this, I promise... -There's something else...We all know Putz didn't kill that girl, but then, who did it? What if whoever it was, kills someone else? Sonny looked at me, serious as he had never been...no one had thought of that, but yet, it could happen. Putz's folks did thank our visit. They told us they had hired someone to help him, and they were going later to the police station, to see him. Or at least, to try it. Sonny couldn't stay longer, so I phoned home and went with them to the precinct. We had to wait a long while before being allowed the visit. Putz's folks went first, and then it was finally my turn. When I saw him, my heart sank. He had bags under his eyes, and that spark they had, was gone... Once I was taken back to the cell, I broke finally down, realizing what I had ahead of me. A juvenile detention center in Nevada. I shivered only by thinking of it...that whole situation couldn't be more unfair. After a while, the officer watching the cells came by, with the lawyer that was supposed to help me getting out of that mess. -Good morning, Roger...My name's Alan Gregory, your lawyer. Your parents hired me to help you...By the way, I'm sorry about before. I wasn't allowed to see you until... I said nothing, but blamed myself for being such a fool to let those cops trick me that way. But at least, I had something to help me. \"Something good in all this madness\", I thought. -I didn't do anything, you've gotta believe me... -I do, but I will be true to you. Things don't look good for you at all. And you having signed that doesn't help at all...I will have to get details of the way they made you sign the confession. Now, tell me all that you remember from that day, even the slightest detail. Once again, I repeated everything, starting the moment I was told I'd have to stay in detention...it was a nice change having someone listening to me, for a change. - And do you have any idea of who could take your jacket? -No..I took a look everywhere, and there was no one around. Whoever it was, he must have taken it while I went to Wilkins' office. -And you saw no one, or heard footsteps or anything? Give me something to help you, kid. -That's what I'm trying, damn hell, but I saw nothing and I heard nothing! -Ok...calm down, I'll got tomorrow to your school and will talk to your teacher, the one who sent you to detention. Maybe he did see something. I laughed bitterly...surely Wilkins wouldn't help, after all the pranks I had played on him. There was other thing that kept me worried... -How...how much time will I have to be in that center? -Wish I knew, Roger, but can't tell you. It depends on your trial date, but maybe a year... -A...a year? -I let myself down on the ground of the cell- No, it can't be. -I'll do my best to help you, I promise. Just try to be as strong as you can while you're in this center ok? -What other options do I have, anyway? The lawyer left finally, and after a short while I was told I had another visit. I followed the police officer, wondering who would be this time... -It looks as if everyone would like to say their farewells, kid. I was told to wait in a small room that visit was allowed to go in. It was my folks. My oldman had a stern glance, and my mother had red eyes. I held both of them.. -We can't stay long, there's someone else here waiting to see you...How are you, son? I sighed. -Scared...the lawyer said I could be one year in that center. One year... -We know, he told us. Listen, try to be strong, this won't be easy but we'll get you out of this mess. -You...you know I didn't do that, right? -Absolutely. Look, we brought you some things you might need in Nevada. Promise us you'll write, honey. They left, and then it was Jan who came in. We both hugged really tight when we saw each other. At least, I could see her before... -How...how are you? Did they...? I took her hand to my back, and she looked at me in shock. -They're takin' me away, Jan, to somewhere in Nevada. They...they say I killed that girl at school, Debbie. Please tell me you don't think I... -I know you didn't...and you'll see, you'll be back even before you realize. -I wish...they tricked me, to have a confession signed. And they have my jacket and my pocket knife, with Debbie's blood in them... -Time's over. You have to go. We looked at each other, knowing we wouldn't see each other in a long, long time. God, that was really hard. I could barely hold my tears back, but knew I had to pretend I was strong enough. I hugged Jan close to me, trying to keep her scent... -Take care, ok? Love you. Here, have this. It's a picture of you and me, in Marty's birthday. I didn't want to let her go, but the officer insisted she had to leave... That night I couldn't sleep at all. I kept thinking on what was about to come, and about that center. Yeah, I was scared about my future, and wondered what kind of guys would be there. And I also recalled my happy times at high school, with Jan and the gang...the only thing that would help me through my time in that center. Next morning, about eight, a cop came to look for me. It was time to start the trip to Nevada. With a sigh, I followed him.[Chapter 5] It was a long way until Carson City. Apart from me and three officers, there was only another guy in the van. He was a bit younger than me, probably he was fifteen. My curiosity was piqued, and wanted to know why was he there, so I tried to talk to him, but after a while I gave up. He didn't have much interest in talking, and neither did the officers. There was nothing to do, there even weren't windows in that van, so I just had to be there and let time go by, until we arrived... I had a small idea of what would I find there, and I knew for sure no one would intimidate me. Weird as it might sound, it was quite likely I would be respected, so as to say, when the rest of the guys there knew I had been accused of murder. That was a tough guy label I had to take profit of... -You two, down! Welcome to your new house. One of the officers opened the rear door of the van, and this other guy and me went out. Infront of us there was a huge building, with two wings. I stayed watching at it for a while, wondering how many people would be there...and how long would I have to stay. What if Gregory, the lawyer, couldn't solve things and I had to stay there for much more than a year? One of the cops yelled at me and took those bad thoughts away. -Move, we don't have the whole day! We were taken inside, to what seemed to be the warden office. We had to wait for a long while before he came. He was in his early sixties, and was rather slim, with a severe expression in his face. -These two are the new ones from California, Mr Yates. They are supposed to stay here for four years, though that one-and the officer pointed at me-has yet to go to trial, there in L.A. -Trial? No...wait... -Shut up! -the warden looked at the report he had on his desk, probably about the other guy and me- Jacobs, right? Well, probably you are used to do whatever you want and whenever you want, but all that is over. Here you will only talk when me or one of the officers here talk to you first. Read this, it has all the rules you will have to follow. And in the case you don't...well, we have our own prizes and punishments. Wallace! I will need two uniforms for these two, and take them to the doctor, to have them examined. Another officer came in, and ordered us to follow him. We walked along a corridor, and saw a group of guys, in a single file line, going in the opposite direction, And as the warden had said, they were walking in complete silence. If there was a hell on earth, it was probably something like that. Most of the guys there were totally unexpressive, as if they felt nothing. \"Maybe it's the wisest thing to do here, going un noticed. I'll have to keep a low key\" After being examined by the doctor, I was told by a janitor to put on the uniform, and give my clothes to the officer...I was saying goodbye to my normal life as a simple teenager, not having a damned clue about when would I get back to it, or if I even would. I kept with me the picture Jan had given me...it was my only link with everything I needed and missed. -This will be your new room, and your bed is that one, the top bunk on the fifth row, in the left. Hurry up, dinner is about to be served and no delays are admitted. I followed the janitor to the dining room. It was rather big, and maybe a hundred guys were there. However, a breathtaking silence reigned there. I sat on one of the free places, and looked all around, to the ones who would be my only partners in the time to come. I started thinking of Jan and the guys, what would they be doing now, and as hard as it was, I managed to hold my tears back. After dinner, it was one of the few moments the inmates could talk, only for half an hour. I stayed there, trying to assimilate all things that had happened to me in the last 24 hours. -Well, what brought you here? -Sorry...what? -Why are you here? You're one of the newbies, right? I saw you two befor, when you arrived. I'm Sam, by the way. I'm from Colorado. -Roger, from California . And well, they say I killed a girl, in my high school. But... -Yeah, you didn't, right? That's what everyone says, when they are brought here for killing someone. -I don't mind what the others say. I didn't. -Calm down, man. If you say so, it will be true, I guess. Anyway, it's not my business. Come, I'll introduce you to some of my pals here. By the way, watch out how you behave with Officer Harris, he's a real jerk. He can get you locked in punishment room because of nothin'. I didn't even ask what was punishment room...there was no need, in fact. I promised myself I wouldn't know such a place while I stayed in the center. -How long have you been here? -Much more than wanted, about six months. At least, I won't have to go to trial, like...oh, sorry. -Never mind, I'd better get used to it... -Silence, you two! It's night time now! Sam waved me goodnight and walked to his bed, four rows away from mine. I said nothing else...the officer in charge was Harris.[Chapter 6] Jan I couldn't get used to not having Putz around. It 's funny, most of times you give people and things for granted, and you just don't realize how important they are until you don't have them. And that was exactly what was happening with me those days. I mean, I had fun with Putz and all that, but I didn't know how much I needed him until he had been taken away from me. It didn't help having to face all kind of gossip about him and poor Debbie...even in our own gang. Things had begun to get a bit uneasy between Rizz and me, though knowing her, I hadn't given it further importance. But one day, at a sleepover at Frenchy's place, tensions broke out deffinitely - God, I hope they find the real killer soon...I miss Putz so much! -Well, we don't really know if... - If?- I looked at Rizz, feeling kinda puzzled. Did she really mean what I thought?-Hell , Rizz, you won't even imagine Putz killed Debbie, right? -Who else could? His jacket and his pocket knife were... -What the hell are you saying, huh? Rizzo looked at me, with a challenging air. Marty and Frenchy seemed to be kinda worried about how were things going... -Calm down, you guys. Wanna some wine? -I'm calm, French. Just wanna know what Rizz wanted to say... -Right, I'll tell you. I'm not that sure Putzie didn't kill Debbie, after all evidences say he did, don't they? -Go to hell, Rizzo! How can you ever think something like that? I know, you were friends with Debbie and all that, but you're supposed to be OUR friend as well, right? How long do you know Putz? Six years or so, ain't that? Time enough to know he would never harm anyone... Damn, this mess is being hard enough to me, I hoped I would have some support from all of you! She tried to go back, but I was too angry as to stop. I could bear that kind of comments at school, but not if who made them was one of my so called friends. -I think you both should calm down and talk about this later... -There's nothing to talk about, French! -I took my Pink Ladies jacket off, and threw it to Rizzo- You can shove this jacket wherever you want. I bet you won't like a killer's girlfriend being in your group, huh? I stormed out of the room, and heard Marty came after me... -Hey, Jan, wait... -What, Marty? I'm not going to apologize, if... God, this is being hard enough for me, I expected having some support from you but you've seen...after so many years of being \"friends\" and she reacts this way. Well, she can go to hell! -Will you listen? Sonny and me are in your side, you know that, right? -You're one of the few...My folks always thought he was the worst choice I could ever make, and now, with all this, I even can't mention his name without them going mad at me... And God, I feel as if all this could drive me crazy...it's all so unfair! I can't stop thinking of how will he be... -Let me talk to Rizz, ok? And you'll see, Putz will be back much sooner than you think. -I wish I were as optimistic as you are, Marty. Anyway, thanks... One week later Sam and me did get along quite well, he was probably the only one I could really trust there in the Juvie. He had warned me about Harris, one of the guards, and also about Wallace, one of the bullies there. And yet, I fell like a fool ... I always kept the picture Jan had given me in the same place, under the pillow, and had only talked about her to Sam. One of the days, when I was back from a shower, early in the morning, as I was going to take the picture with me, I saw it wasn't there. I looked again, hoping to find it... Then, I heard some laughters coming from the other side of the dormitory. I felt rage invading me... -What the hell are you doin' with that picture? Give it to me! They didn't answer, just kept rolling the picture, making all kind of jokes sob it it. That was too much to bear, so I just punched Wallace. In no time, both of us were having a fist fight...Sam tried unsuccesfully to stop us, but I was too angry as to listen to him. Then, we heard Harris's tough voice. -What the f*** is going on here? I was nose bleeding, and had a cut on one eyebrow...Wallace didn't look much better. -I said, what's going on here?- he gave me a stern look-It seems you haven't learnt the rules in here, right? Well, maybe some time isolated will help you. He grabbed me by an arm and took me out of the room. Sam was about to protest, but I gestured him to stop. Harris took me to the upper floor of the building, and opened a room...So, that was punishment room...it was small even for only one person, and it had no light. He pushed me inside and closed the door. -Let's see if two days here calm that rage of yours. I had been a real fool, falling right in Wallace's foul play. And yet, there had to be a way to get scores settled...[Chapter 7] - Who is that? I blinked twice, trying to get my eyes used again to light, after two long days in punishment room...It had been a real nightmare, being locked there, totally isolated for such a long time... When he opened the door, Harris didn't say a simple word, and nor did I. Just managed to go back to my dormitory...I hadn't slept in 48 hours and was exhausted... Six months later - Jacobs, Warden Yates wants to see you in his office. Now. I was in the carpentry workshop, when Harris came looking for me. What would Yates want from me now? After being locked for two days in that damned hole they used as a punishment, I had managed to get unnoticed by both Yates and Harris, and even by Wallace. I had forgotten my revenge ideas, mainly because of Sam. As he had told me, \" Those three always have the winning hand\" I rushed to Yates's office, and it was kinda surprising finding my lawyer there. That only meant one thing, and even if I would finally leave that Juvie, I was afraid what the trial could bring. I was eighteen by then, and if I was found guilty, would surely go to jail. To a normal one...and the simple thought of it froze my blood. Gregory asked me about the way I had been treated there...I said nothing, there would time enough to talk about that en route. I went back to my dorm, to pick my things and to say farewell to Sam. He only would have to stay one more week there, and we told to see each other eventually, in California or in Colorado. Then, finally, I walked away from the Juvie... On our way back to Los Angeles, Gregory gave me the bad news. As much as he had tried, he hadn't found a single witness or anyone who would have seen me. He did his best to sound reassuring, and said a miracle could still happen. But it was just that...A miracle, nothing real to believe in. He also told me that the trial would begin next morning, at nine, and till then I would have to be in the police station. He was going to try that Jan, or my folks, were allowed to see me, even for a short time, but he didn't want to raise my already low hopes. My mood was getting lower by the moment, I was going to need a huge lucky break to go out of that mess. We arrived about eight, and he left me at the precinct. I didn't like at all the fact of having to stay there, but had no choice. At eight, one of the officers came to look for me, to take me to the courthouse. Once there, I still had to wait before being taken to the courtroom. When I did, first thing I saw was Jan, my folks, and Sonny and Marty. I smiled at Jan, and she did the same in return. God, I wanted so much holding her! It did bother me not seeing the rest of the gang there... The Judge came finally in, and after he had said some words, it was my turn to be interrogated. I walked slowly to the stand, and put my hand over the Bible, to make my oath of \"telling the truth...\"and all that. Next thing I saw, was both Gregory and the prosecutor checking their papers. I looked at Jan, wondering what was that about. They approached to the Judge and Gregory asked him something. The judge and the prosecutor nodded, and Gregory threw me a ball of paper. I took it with my left hand. The judge banged three times with his bagel. -The defendant must be released inmediately. This trial is declared void. I waited no more, just got up and held Jan with all my strength. And in her arms, all the stress I had accumulated, broke finally out and I started crying. I didn't know what had happened, and didn't really care. I was free. Jan I couldn't believe it when Putz 's ma phoned to tell me he was coming back. Yeah, it was because of the trial that was going to be held and all that, but at least he was here again. Those months without him by my side had been sort of a hell. Besides, after my argument with Rizzo, both her and Kenickie started avoiding me...and that led to a break among the rest of us. Sonny and Marty were on my side, and Danny and Sandy on theirs. I found that funny, considering the way both of them had behaved with Sandy. But, anyway, it was not my business at all. And well...French and Doody did what they do best, trying to keep on good terms with everyone. But doing that ain't always possible, sometimes you have to make a choice. The night before the trial, I could barely sleep. Things looked terribly bad, with no witnesses at all. And the evidences talked by themselves. I tried to be prepared for the worst result possible, but it was too hard to accept. I arrived early to the courthouse,and sat with Putz's folks, Marty and Sonny. No trace of the others. It would have been the best way to arrange things, but it looked like they just didn't want to. I was talking to Marty when I heard the Judge:\" The defendant must be released inmediately. This trial is void.\" Following an uncontrollable impulse, I got up from my seat and went to the stand, to do what I had been longing to do for six months. There would be time enough to know what had happened...at the moment, I couldn't care less about that.[Chapter 8] After the trial and my nightmare were totally over, and with the courtroom already empty, Gregory told us what had happened. According to the autopsy, Debbie's killer was right handed. That was what both he and the prosecutor told the Judge when they saw which hand had I put over the Bible. I didn't know what to think, or what to say...It would have been enough with someone reading carefully that damned autopsy for saving me those six months at the Juvie. But it didn't matter anymore...the harm was already done. All I wanted was to rest, try to forget all that and go back to my normal life. Still, I couldn't help being worried because of the real killer being free. It was great being home again, and resting and sleeping as a toddler would do, and like I hadn't done for the last six months. The following morning, as soon as I finished my breakfast, I went to Jan's place. I wanted to be with her, just the two of us, as a way to make up for the time stolen to us. -We were all so worried about you, all this time... -It doesn't really seem that, Jan. I mean, why were only you, Sonny and Marty at the courtroom? What about the others? -It's a long story... -We have plenty of time...what happened, Jan? She looked at me, maybe doubting if it was a good idea telling me about her argument with Rizzo, and the way she, Kenickie and Zukko had kinda given her the cold shoulder. It hurt...after all, I had met the guys maybe six or seven years ago, it was time enough to know each other. -I see...well, at least there's something good out of all this, it showed me who can I really count on. Still, I'd like to know why did they do so. -I wouldn't...just don't notice them if we see them somewhere. If someone has to apologize, it's them, not you. -Yeah, guess you're right...still, I don't know how will I react when I see them. Or how will they. I was going to have the chance to find it out much sooner than expected. We were at Frosty 's, Sonny and Marty, and Jan and me. At first, I didn't feel like going there, but, as Sonny had said, it wasn't me the one who should keep out of sight. We were at out table, the one that all of us had occupied before all this started, and Marty warned us about two unexpected customers. -Hey, look who's coming... We looked at the door, and it was Zukko and Sandy. They clearly hadn't seen us, and went to the table we had taken. It was a really akward moment. He didn't know what to say, and she just blushed. Jan held my hand, and I managed to control all the rage I felt. -Great to see you again, buddy... Then I saw it. Two days before my arrest, I had bought a small clasp for Jan, and intended to give it to her that Saturday. I had kept it in one of the pockets of my jacket. And now, it was Sandy who was wearing it. I didn't want to accept what that meant... Deep inside, I was furious and sad, but it wasn't the moment to show it. There would be time for it... -Nice clasp that one you're wearing, Sandy...Can I see it? It reminds me of one I had seen. She looked uncertain of what to say, but knowing her, it wasn't likely she knew the truth... -Oh, thanks...it was a present from Danny, sometime ago...- She stopped there. What if she knew it all? -Yeah, six months ago, wasn't it ? Zukko has always taken care of small details, haven't you? -Sandy, look, there's a table over there... -And there's plenty of place here too...besides, this was our table, right? Or is there any other reason for you not wanting to be with us? -No, but...well, today is Sandy's birthday, and...-he was looking desperately for a way to get out of there. -Oh ok...go then, and lucky you that you can celebrate your girl's birthday. This year I couldn't do it, and neither mine. Go have fun, we don't wanna be a nuisance. Jan, Sonny and Marty were looking at me, and they clearly didn't understand a word I was saying. -What was that about? -That clasp, the one Sandy had... Damn, I can't believe this...I was going to give it to you, Jan, on the Saturday I was arrested. I had it on my jeans jacket, the one that... -The one the killer took...no, it can't be. It has to be a coincidence... -I'd like to think so, but think of the way he behaved. He didn't expect seeing me here... And Jan, you said he and Kenickie were kinda avoiding you, right? F***, I just can't believe he has done this to me. We stayed at Frosty's for a bit longer, though I was willing to go somewhere else. After a while, I saw Zukko going to the toilet and I got up. There were a lot of things I wanted him to explain me... He clearly didn't expect me, given his surprised reaction. I went right to the point. -It was you, right? You took my jacket, knowing my pocket knife would be there, and you used it to kill Debbie... -Oh, c'mon, don't be so... -So what, Zukkol? So stupid as to be unfairly locked for six months? You knew exactly they would blame me for Debbie's murder and you didn't mind it at all... I guess you thought this would never happen, that the first time we saw each other, Lily would have the clasp I had bought for Halllie. Just tell me one thing...why? After so many years. Why, huh? -You have no way to prove anything, so you'd better not say a word about this. And one advice...watch your back and your girl's. You never know what can happen... -Don't you dare to threaten her, you hear me? Keep away from Jan! -It all depends on you, I do or not... That was too much. I couldn't stand more and punched him. He fell to the ground, obviously surprised, and I went out of the toilet . When I went back to the table, Sandy was talking to Jan and the others. I didn't even look at her as I approached to the table. -Hon, we should be going... She had never seen me so angry, but didn't ask what had happened...probably thought that was not the moment nor the place. -Wait, we 're going too. Sonny and Marty came with us, and when we were out of Frosty's, I told them of the fight..but I didn´t say a Word about the threat. I wish I had.. Jan As soon as she saw Putz going to the toilet, Sandy came to our table. I didn't feel like talking to her, to be true. Maybe she didn't know a thing, but all the same I was way too angry... -I...I think this is yours-and she left the clasp over the table. I looked at her despisely. -Do you really think I'm gonna take it? God, you two must think Putz and me are a pair of fools, right? Keep the damned clasp and just leave us alone, ok? Both of you, just leave us alone! You've already hurt us enough! Two days later After seeing Zukko and Sandy at Frosty 's, he kept out of sight. At first, we didn't want to believe what Putz had told us, but the more we thought about it, the more sense it had. And yet, we all wondered how and why had he, or they, done such a thing. Seven years of friendship, down the drain...and we didn't know either if Kenickie, or Rizzo knew something about that. Worst of all, was that we had no way to denounce him to the police. What evidences did we have? The clasp meant nothing at all...If Zukko said he'd just bought it, it was his word against Putz's . I remembered my argument with Rizzo, during the sleepover...she had played her cards so well! God, there had to be a way to prove the truth... I was walking home, at night, when I heard a car stopping by my side... -Fancy a ride, Jan? -Sonny, I need you to do something for me, it's important. Give me twenty minutes and then call the cops and tell them to go to Jan's house...I think she may be in danger...[Chapter 9] Jan -Get into the car,now. I looked all around, hoping to see someone who could help me, but the street was empty... I had no choice but doing what he said. -Haven't you heard me? Get into the damned car! -Why are you doing this, Zukko? -You'd better not know. Are you folks at home? -No, they... -Right. We're gonna go there, and then you're gonna phone Putzie to go see you. -But... -Shut up! And try to sound as relaxed as you can, when you phone. I was terrified, and couldn't believe that was happening. What would they intend to do with us...maybe killing us, like they had did with Debbie? -Rizzo, I don't understand it... -We told you to shut up! I said no more. When we arrived to my place, they took my doorkeys and pushed me to the living room. I took the phone and dialed Putz's number, thinking of a way to let him know what was going on... -Night, Roger, it's me. Listen, my folks aren't here and I was wonderin' if you would come see me. Please...say you will... -Jan, what's going on? Are you in trouble? -No, I'm fine. But come home, ok? And hurry up. Jan's phone call was everything but reassuring . Her voice was kinda shaky, and besides, she never called me by my real name...I promised her I would go in a moment and as soon as I hung the phone, I called Sonny to warn him. -Sonny, I need you to do something for me, it's important. Give me twenty minutes and then call the cops and tell them to go to Jan's house...I think she may be in danger... Then, I went to my folks' room to tell them I had to go. I also asked them to call the police if I didn't call in one or two hours...they tried me to stop and telling them what was that about, but I just had no time. I took my car and drove to Jan's place, as fast as I could... When I got there and rang the bell, all my suspicions were confirmed... -I should have imagined it...Where's Jan, what you have done to her? I heard her calling me, from the living room, and it was a scared voice. I pushed Kenickie aside and went to the living room... Jan was sitting on the sofa, watched by Zukko and Rizzo. I went by her side. -Jan, are you ok? Have they hurt you? She huddled next to me, and I felt her heart beating really fast. -Well, what's this about? What do you want from us? And why her? Let her go. -No one is going. First of all, you should be relaxed. And then, maybe we owe you an explanation. Yes, I killed Debbie. She told me she had something to talk about, and we arranged to meet in high school that evening. I did know what she was going to tell me, and couldn't allow Sandy knew it. So, I was on my way to meet her, when I saw your jacket. I knew you always had that pocket knife with you. My only mistake was forgetting you were left handed. -You had it planned? Go to hell, Zukko...do you have an idea of what I went through, at the Juvie? And what if I had been convicted, during the trial? Did you ever think of that? Damn, we know each other for quite a long time, did I really deserve all this? You're a son of a b****...I wonder what was Debbie going to tell you, that Sandy couldn't know... -She was three months pregnant, and was going to tell Sandy. So...I had no choice. And in case things went bad, I asked Kenickie to come with me. -She was pregnant? And you killed her because of that? What kind of beast are you, Zukko? ... You suck, the three of you! ...Killing a pregnant girl..can't believe it! .. Both Jan and me were in shock by hearing all that. And well, to be true, I feared we would be next...A cold sweat kept running along my spine. -And you two...Rizzo, Debbie was supposed to be your friend, how could you know it and not say a thing? And that night at Frenchy's, when we had the sleepover...you were able to put the blame on Putz when you knew the truth... -She was never such a good friend, really...and that was my best performance, right? And it worked, at least with Frenchy. She's so gullible! It's funny, I never thought people at school would believe me the way they did. -I really don't get it...how did you have the nerve to do this? -Easy. It was him, or us. So, guess what was our only option. -What...what are you doing with us, now we know...? -Well...we want to compensate you for the months you've been apart. So, what about a nice trip to Mexico? That way you can also help us to get there...Don't you feel like it? I looked at Jan, and she was so scared as me. They were going to take us to Mexico, as their hostages. -You're insane, the three of you! Right then, we heard the doorbell. \" Good for you, Sonny...right on time!\", I thought. They looked through the window and saw a patrol car parked outside the house... -Damn hell, the fuzz! Jan, you're going to open, and better make sure they go. And you, don't make a noise. We'll settle scores with you later, for having called the cops. Jan I went to open, trying my best to hide my fear. A pair of cops were standing outside... -Night, miss. We've been warned there was some kind of trouble in here... -No, not all. We were just holding a small party, and...-I saw one of the cops had a small notebook, and gestured him to give it to me. Thankfully, he understood. I wrote something and gave it back to him. \"Help. Two hostages, three assailants. Living room, Back door open\"-He nodded after reading it, and left... -Fine. Won't bother you then, miss. -Goodnight, agents. I closed the door and went back to the living room, on time to see the patrol car going away. -So? Who of you wants to go to Mexico? -I will, but leave her alone. -You won't be thinking of leaving her here, right? -What the...? Just then, the lights in the house went off, probably cut down by those two cops. I held Putz's hand and we both went out of the living room, to the kitchen. It had an exit to the rear garden. We saw the cops going into the house, and followed them. We just didn't want to miss the moment when Zukko, Kenickie and Rizzo were arrested. Two days later -And this is it, inspector. Maybe it's a too long statement, but we hope it will help. -It will. And...sorry for not believing you last time we talked. I mean it. -Never mind...I had everything against me, they took well care of that. Jan and me walked out of the police station, hand in hand. Sonny and Marty were waiting outside, and so did our folks. -Well, now we can finally say this is over, right? Who would have imagined... -No, it ain't over yet...Jan, I was going to make you a gift the day...I still wanna do-I kneeled infront of her and took out a small ring-Janice Nowak, will you marry me? She leaned to me and kissed me... -I will! ","Summary":" A/N This is gonna be a kind of thriller, detective story or something...I will try to keep this sto"},{"Movie":"King Kong","Title":"Kong: Great Heathen Army","Author":"BatOutOfHell666","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13132432","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The year is 1976. King Kong has climbed to the top of the World Trade Center and is now locked in battle with helicopters. Despite the heavy bleeding gained in the battle, Kong is battling on, having managed to down at least two helicopters. However, his victory doesn't last long. The reign of fire unleashed upon Kong eventually proves too much for the great ape, and he collapses on the roof, then rolls off and falls to his death.[Chapter 2] The year is 2016. Forty years have passed since Kong's death in New York. Jack Prescott and Dwan have married, but Dwan is dead, having developed lung disease in the years since her encounter with Kong. Jack now lives alone, and is retired. However, this era of peace is about to come to an end. Far out in the Pacific Ocean, disaster has struck. A ship has been sunk, and pieces of the ship show that multiple culprits were responsible. Few have survived the incident, and the ones that did survive are terrified out of their minds.[Chapter 3] It's late at night. A rescue team has come out to pick up the survivors of the ship. Those who came to claim that their ship was sunk by large gorillas. The crew of the rescue ship initially dismisses the claim, but begins looking into the possibility. Most of the people die of injuries, leaving only a few to make it back to land. Meanwhile, a whaling ship off the coast of Hawaii is heading out for a daily hunt when the ship is pulled underwater by an unseen force. This time, there are no survivors, and the ship has been torn in half. Meanwhile in America, government agents are scrambling to discover what is happening in the Pacific. Some people believe it to be the result of a storm. Others believe it to be poor management of the ships. Most believe the claims of the survivors of the first ship. All agree something has to be done.[Chapter 4] The scene is San Francisco. People are living out their daily lives. Cars are driving by, dogs are barking, birds are flying around. At a beach, a child spots something in the distance. It's a mass of water moving toward the shore. Once it gets close to the shore, something, no, somethings rise from it. It's a group of exactly one-thousand giant gorillas, each exactly one-hundred feet tall. One gorilla roars out, and it and the other gorilla charge into the city and lay waste to it. The National Guard is called in to take on the gorilla army, but are no match for it, and eventually, much of the city is in ruins. Once the gorillas destroy what little of San Francisco is left, they move onto the next city, Sacramento. Sacramento suffers the same fate as San Francisco, with little survivors. The military is left at a loss for how to deal with the gorilla army, referred to in media as \"The Great Heathen Army\", but the general gets an idea.[Chapter 5] The scene is a countryside in the state of Iowa. The general is at the door of the isolated home of Jack Prescott. He knocks on the door, and a young 4-year old boy answers, and the general ask for Jack, who the boy goes to get. Jack comes out, and the general tells him the situation. Jack is then brought to a military base south of Colorado, where he explains that he collected blood samples from the sight where King Kong fell after being shot on top of the World Trade Center. He then goes on to explain that he discovered that Kong was only an adolescent when he was killed, and he had come to discover that Kong's species gets to be 100 feet tall when fully grown. A piece of flesh from one of the gorillas is then presented to Jack, who tests it's DNA, and discovers that the gorillas and Kong are related. He then gets the realization that they're Kong's siblings and half-siblings. Jack believes that these gorillas were infants at the time Kong was taken, and says that they were likely 20-feet tall at that time. He then goes on to say that he believes these gorillas were angered when their older brother was taken from them and killed. He then goes on to say that he believes they've come to take their revenge against humanity. He and the military then formulate a plan to stop the gorillas in their tracks.[Chapter 6] The gorillas have wiped out much of the Northwest and Southwest United States. Jack Prescott and the military have set up a trap in the state of Illinois for the army of gorillas. Just as the trap is completed, word comes in that the gorillas are now in the city of Chicago. The military then turns on a radio signal, and the gorillas exit what's left of the city and head in the direction of the radio signal. Once the gorillas reach where the trap is, the military opens fire on them, only to be decimated very quickly. However, the gorillas then fall into a hole that was dug by the military, and a mist is sprayed over them. The gorillas climb out of the hole and continue attacking, but fall asleep after at least five minutes. With the gorillas now subdued, the military collects all of them and transports them to another island. Once the gorillas wake up, they look around for the military, head out to the shore of the island and try to escape, only to find that there is an invisible electric fence keeping from escaping. The gorillas try for days on end to escape, but to no avail. With their loss, they give up and call off their quest for revenge and begin living out the rest of their days on the island. Back in America, the entire country celebrates it's victory in Washington D.C.. ","Summary":" The year is 1976. King Kong has climbed to the top of the World Trade Center and is now locked in b"},{"Movie":"Evil Dead Army of Darkness","Title":"Evil Dead The Tale Of The Jefe","Author":"RavenHollow","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12436514","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Necronomicon Ex-Mortis.(also known as \"Nocturom Demonto\"in Latin),roughly translated as the \"Book Of The Dead\"is a powerful ancient tomb of Black stands as a unique book of magic in its own right. \"The books infamous powers enable those who possessed it to harness abilities that The Evil Force has,as well as summon the Evil and its minions. The Legend Of The Necronomicon is said to have been written by mysterious demonic beings called the Dark Ones,bound in human flesh and inked in text contained prophecies,funerary incantations,and demon resurrection passage's. The Book is found by Professor,Raymond Knowby found the Necronomicon in the castle of Kandar somewhere in he takes it to a cabin in the woods to translate it. He succeeds at the cost of both his and his wives lives.\"Reading passage's from the book out loud activates the powers of the book.(which also The Evil Forces Power)to awajen evil in inanimate objects.(such as trees),and to raise the dead as it's can also turn living people into its servants as well,making them Deadite's.(there seems to be no notable physical difference between when a living human being or a dead human being becomes a Deadite).Sunlight,though,can release those infected from the addition the passages in the book can be used to open portals to other places in time and space,Also,the book, supposedly,has the ability to return the evil it awakens back to sleep,or restore people to normal.(Though this is suggested to be possible it is never shown to happen.) The Dark Ones. (Also called\"The Old Ones,The Great Ones,The,Elder Ones etc.)Are a race of godlike beings, Famous yog-Sothoth,or the .\"They are the beings,who haunted a mad Arab,\"Abdul,Alazhred\"(also known as \"Abdul Alzeez\")\" And are the masters of the deadites. The Old Ones were cast to the mirror dimension long ago by the first Chosen One,\"As,were the deadite's. Little is known of the appearance of the Dark Ones except for the possible illustrations located in The illustrations depict beings of vast size and power,though it is likely that the true image of the Dark Ones is unfathomable to humans,and actually seeing one would drive them mad. The Dark Ones can only be recalled from the Mirror Demention through the proper incantations located in the Dark ones seem to be more permanately imprisioned than their servants,for it is difficult to recall them from there confinement. It is likely that the Chosen One is the only one capable of destroying the Old Ones. The \"Kandarian Demon.\"is an ancient demonic spirit that can possess anyone with it's mere touch in it's present state,it is a incorporal evil spirit,a poltergeist with the supernatural ability to interact with objects in its vicinity,Furthermore,they have the power to possess a host,to assimilate them into a Deadite form. The Force seems to have control over objects surrounding it such as trees vine's and other objects.A \"Deadite\" being a person,animal,or any being with a soul,possessed by the Kandarian Demon. The origin of the Kandarian Demon (or 'Kandarian')may be traced back to a time predating the age in which the Necronomicon Ex-Mortis a.k.a Naturum Demonto,the original Book of the Dead,had been written by the Dark to Professor Ed Getley,the book was written roughly 3.000 years before 1987,or maybe even more then that.(as suggested by Annie Knowby). The book was written in the Ancient Sumeria,when the seas \"ran red with blood\".Pursumibly, the Dark Ones were gifted people bearing supernatural capabilities and dealing with outerdementional creatures and demon's running on the attempt to exhert command upon these demons and thus having some kind of supremecy In the world,they created the book as a way of channeling some of these obscure forces putting them in check the best way possible. Long before the book,Kandarians,were running was a living Evil born in the \"space between the spaces\",an interdementional demon events could have brought brought the creature to \"lose\" it's \"life\"and become \"incorporal\" forever (apparently).in that specific time,The Evil Dead had (re)born with a hunger for life,a vital energy once Dark Ones found the right phonetic incantations to either make the entity dormient and forbid its terrible influence on human kind or awake it and bring destruction and horror.A chance to tame the beast and use it. As explained by Knowby:Throughout centuries and millennia,new versions of the Book of the Dead were written,not with the best caused some consistent variations in the way the Evil Dead interacted with the living world and our demention. The second biggest(multiple)manifestation of the Evil Dead had been in the 13th/14th century in Great Britan,involving the Kandar was a ferocious battle between good and evil lasting was a pivotal moment in the end, The Evil Dead was defeated and all Books of the Dead disappeared from Man's the 1970's. Possession and Feeding. Basic victims and 'Possession' In order to feed itself and amplify its demonic powers on reality,The Kandarian Demon needs the consumption of a soul and thus nourish its primordial exsistance. Souls can be obtained in two ways:violent death of the individuals(TED Archeologist, ,Bobbie Jo)usually dealt by a Deadite or by possession(the Deadites).Once evoked through any of the Books of the Dead,they must first \"feed\"on the people who recited or just made the incantations \"be listened to\"in some way (tape recorder).Then,they can subsequently feed on the people who are located in the place where the incantations have been a sort of \"Cycle\" The Kandarian Demon must fulfill. If the number of souls absorbed is somehow limited,then the Kanderian Demon falls in a simi-sentient state,like that modality,it can still interact with the surrounding reality to a certain extent(the very beginning of TED),albeit with no full consciousness or license to possess speaking,The Kandarian Demon spends the vast majority of its exsistance on Earth as a dormant slumber mode,they can still \"influence\"some gifted individual's.(like Cheryl who seems to own a mild E.S. ).Said individuals,Once possessed,present their latent abilities enhanced to the nth degree(Deadite Cheryl).Once the Evil Dead consumated an adequate number of souls,it can overcome it's geographical the \"attraction\"of the place where it has been evoked and takes over the whole world.[Chapter 2] ASHLY picks up a small table upon which are the Book Of The Dead, and the professor's journal. He throws it at SCOTT. This does not affect him, and he advances closer. The Book Of The Dead lands near the fireplace and edges of the paper darken from the heat. SCOTT picks up ASHLY and begins to throttle him as if he were a rag doll. The front door begins to give under CHERYL's pounding. ASHLY brings his hands to SCOTT's eyes. With a crash, CHERYL breaks through the front door and begins to push the dresser away. Pages from the Book Of The Dead are smoldering- in now. ASHLY jams his fingers into SCOTT's eyes and slips from the grip. SCOTT clutches his eye sockets and his back begins to smolder. ASHLY now sees the book. Its pages burn at the edge. CHERYL topples the dresser and enters the room. Her face is partially torn away from the shotgun blast. ASHLY rushes to throw the book onto the burning logs, but CHERYL, smoldering also, gives him a backhand blow across the head, and he is sent sprawling to the floor. She grabs a fireplace poker with her crushed fingers and turns back to ASHLY who is crawling toward the fireplace. When almost in reach of the book, Scott grabs his leg and begins to pull ASHLY backward. CHERYL approaches with smoke pouring from her clothes and slams ASHLY across the back with her poker. ASHLY screams. A glitter catches his eye. It is LINDA's necklace. Grabbing it, he tosses the end with a clasp toward the book. It slides off the cover. SCOTT pulls him back once more as ASHLY swings the necklace in a last desperate attempt. CHERYL raises the poker for the final blow. The necklace drapes over the book and as ASHLY is dragged, the clasp hooks the cover and pulls the book with him. With a yank, he seizes the book and tosses it upon the blaze. CHERYL and SCOTT freeze. The Book Of The Dead burns in a bluish green flame. Smoke pours from SCOTT and CHERYL as distant demonical screams are heard from the woods. The fireplace poker slips from CHERYL's hand and sticks into the wood scarcely an inch from ASHLY's head. The bodies of SCOTT and CHERYL then begin to cave inward upon themselves, collapsing to the floor in smoldering heaps. Finally, nothing is left but the burnt clothing and a blackish grey ooze on the floor where their bodies once were. The old clock begins to tick again, normally. ASHLY slowly climbs to his feet to stand above the fuming debris. Open- ing his hand, he looks down at LINDA's necklace. The force retreats from him, out the door, slowly returning to the darkness from which it emerged. Gradually, the natural sounds of the forest swell and trees lose their gloom as Autumn colors return. The first rays of sunlight gleam over the woods beyond the cabin. Daybreak has finally come. \"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!\"Ash screams. \"Ash, stop it's gone,\" Mustapha said as he shakes Ash. \"This wasn't supposed to happen why the hell didn't we listen to Cheryl. \"Ash raged. \"What do you mean Ash? \"Bashir asked. \"We played that damn recording and she lost it big time. Scotty said she was overreacting but then not long after it turned into a real shit show. \"Ash replied. \"The shit show isn't over yet daylight is a temporary solution to this problem,\" Ahmad said. \"Then tell me how do we permanently fix this? \"Ash asked. \"Simple it started with the book it ends with it. Professor Knowby didn't have all the pages when he recited the translations, so he couldn't stop it. and we can only hold it off. \"Babette replied. \"You've got to be shitting me, I've been getting my ass kicked in there, \"Ash said. \"Look, Ash, I know this is a bad situation but we don't have a choice here as soon as night falls the evil will come back and finish what it started, \"Mustapha replied. \"Then we better get ready. \"How do you guys know so much about this shit anyway? \"Ash asked. \"Our ancestor, fell victim to it. since then our family has kept watch for any signs the book might become active again,\"Ahmad replied. \"Is that how you were able to find me? \"Ash asked. \"Only partly, \"Mustapha replied. \"What the hell is that supposed to mean? \"Ash asked. \"Our families have history. Your grandfather James and our grandfather Emir worked together.\"Ahmad said. \"What the shit? \"Ash exclaimed. \"You're meant to fight these things but not alone,\" Bashir said. \"Oh, really that's nice to know and all but how does that help us? \"Ash replied. \"Being a dick isn't going to fix this any faster Ash. \"Amani scolded. \"Hey, I think I've earned the right to be a dick here, I am with my girlfriend sister and our friends, and thinking we were going to have a good time here then head to Jacksonville only to become hosts for fucking Kandarian demons who want to use us next. \"Ash raged. \"Damn it, Ash! We are not the enemy here, \"Mustafa yelled. \"We should have, just gone to Jacksonville, \"Ash mumbled. \"Ash you all didn't know this would happen. \"Not even Professor Knowby suspected that translating the book would be the end game for him and his wife,\" Ahmad said. \"That's true but that changes nothing about this situation, \"Ash replied. \"Come on, we better get back inside it's far too dangerous to be outside when night falls, \"Mustapha said. \"Yeah, we need to figure out how we're gonna get the hell away from here, \"Ash replied. \"We can't hope, to get away as long as the woods are possessed it's going to do everything it can to keep us here so we have no choice but to make a stand here, \"Babette said. \"She's right we have an arsenal that will help you still have Linda's necklace that should ground you should they try to possess you, \"Mustapha replied. \"Ugh, that residue smells like pure sulfur,\" Ahmad said. \"Not surprising since hell demons possessed them, \"Amani replied. \"Yeah, can't do anything about that we have to secure this place as best we can,\" Mustafa said. Ash and the Alzeez siblings took careful steps into the cabin. The comfortable feeling that Ash felt when he and his friends arrived completely changed. He hadn't slept the whole night having been terrorized by possessed people who he deeply cared for. The regret of making the trip out here was overwhelming. But he couldn't change anything that happened and that hurt him just as deeply. \"When nightfall comes along we're going to war,\" Ahmad said. The atmosphere outside was calm unsettlingly so. A gentle breeze blew against the trees that had once come to life with evil. The only signs that something occurred here was the bridge the damage done to the Delta and the damage to the window and front door. But inside the cabin, the main room and the bedroom that Scotty and Shelly had briefly used showed signs of the events that slowly built into a night of hell. Blood where Cheryl stabbed Linda in the ankle stained the floor as well as the places where Scotty and Cheryl's bodies decentigrated. As they looked around at everything they could only be thankful that Professor Knowby chose to study the book in seclusion rather than a populated area where the evil could roam unchecked feeding on the souls of innocent people. \"You know the sad thing is Cheryl didn't want to come out here Shelly Linda and Cheryl were best friends Shelly and Linda didn't like the idea of her being alone while we went off to enjoy spring break,\" Ash said. \"Ash none of you knew what Professor Knowby had done out here.how the hell were you supposed to know you were walking into a trap. \"Mustapha replied. \"Yeah, by the time Professor Knowby realized he shouldn't have done what he did it was already too late,\" Ahmad said. \"Ash we can't lose it now we have to keep our wits,\" Amani replied. \"God damn it I know that! \"Ash shouted. \"Hey, I realize you had a really shitty night but yelling won't change it,\"Ahmad said. \"Come on, we have to get ready,\" Mustapha replied. \"So tell me more about our families history,\" Ash said. \"You came from, a long line of people who thrived on being duty bound. Your grandfather James was one of them he was good at his job but his luck ran out when he got kidnapped and murdered. \"Our grandfather was the one to discover his body. Your father never got the chance to know him.\"Ahmad replied. \"Dad never talked about him, \"Ash said. \"Because he doesn't know a lot about him. Elliot Ness and your grandfather James weren't targeting Al Capone just because of his mob activities though they didn't know it. \"Al Capone was to become host to a demon just like your friends and he set about making his gang host to demons they knew from our grandfather's would come to the very ending of their existence, \"Mustapha replied. \"Which is why all of us will have a target on our backs even the innocent people who have not a snowball's chance in hell to know what this actually is, \"Bashir said. \"You said Cheryl was acting oddly before anything actually happened what exactly was she doing? \"Babette asked. \"She felt uneasy about being here. Scotty drove my car because he knew where we were going. \"The whole way Cheryl, felt uncomfortable. even after Scotty lost control of the steering wheel he assumed it was just the car but after everything that happened I now know it wasn't. \"But after we played that recording Cheryl got worse screaming at us. \"We calmed her down she sat right in this chair drawing when she suddenly got up and went outside. she ended up in the woods and she said the woods attacked her. \"Her clothes were torn she had scratches and she was bleeding, \"Ash said. \"Yeah, that sounds about right,\" Mustapha replied. \"How so? \"Ash asked. \"It took away her security showing her that she couldn't be safe inside or outside the cabin,\" Amani replied. \"Yeah, It's really not secure even behind these closed doors,\" Ash said. \"Cheryl was a sensitive you are to the only difference is her fear opened her up to the evil,\" Mustapha replied. \"Your overwhelming grief opened you up but your thoughts of Linda are what helped you, \"Babette said. \"Yeah, well shit I didn't expect any of this you know, \"Ash replied. \"We know Ash but right now we're fighting this thing to a draw without the complete book we are in a shit ton of trouble,\" Mustapha said. \"Already figured that out Captain Obvious, \"Ash replied. \"Oh like your doing better Captain Oblivious,\" Amani said. \"Hey, cut that shit out. We can't let this pit us against each other,\" Ahmed replied. \"He's right,\" Mustapha said. \"The only way we stop this is by working together,\" Bashir replied. \"Come on we don't have any time to waste, \"Mustapha replied. They shut the doors and took up positions by the windows looking out listening for any signs of trouble. It was tedious and nerve-racking waiting for the evil to make its move. \"Hey, how you holding up? \"Babette asked. \"I'm tired I'm angry and I hate we even came here, \"Ash replied. \"That's understandable,\" Mustapha said. \"We can't let our guard down, \"Ahmed replied. \"So, someone want to explain why a book can cause an apocalyptic shit show? \"Ash asked. \"Because this book was designed for many uses Ash,\"Amani replied. \"After our ancestor got possessed by it once he was free he made it his mission to figure out how to use it without repercussions and protect future generations,\" Basir said. \"Well shit might have been helpful if he left instructions,\" Ash replied. \"Did you notice there were no signs of birds? \"Ahmad asked. \"Yeah, I guess the evil scared them off,\" Ash replied. \"That would be my guess,\" Mustapha said. The evil force lay dormant in daylight waiting patiently for the night to fall so it could strike again. \"Remember we don't leave each other's sight,\" Bashir replied. \"Oh, that's a given, \"Ash said. They were all on edge tired irritated and just wanting to leave but they couldn't let the evil go unchecked. So all they could do was wait and plan accordingly. going outside at night would be playing into the evils hands they couldn't let this insatiable force get the jump on them. But while they planned the evil force was coming up with plans of its own.[Chapter 3] The group still in the front room waiting for the evil to make its move the Alzeez siblings take spots on the floor and couch meanwhile Ash sleeps in the rocking chair the night before his sister Cheryl sat in very much alive. A strange feeling overcomes the group slowly grabbing their weapons the carefully walk to the back bedroom. \"What the hell is this? it wants to entertain us before it tries to kill us.\" Ash said. \"No it's trying to distract us,\" Mustapha replied. \"It's playing the song I was playing that Linda and Shelly were dancing to,\" Ash said with a note of sadness in his voice. \"I'm sorry Ash,\" Bashir replied. BANG! \"Okay, that came from the front room,\" Babette said. The shutters rip open splintering Ash's reinforcements. The wind sweeps in through the place as the curtains flutter wildly. Through the window is a sweeping fog. Ash and the others run through this room and into the main room. They move to the windows and look out. Wind blowing on their face from outside. Stark wooden crosses mark the graves of Linda Scotty Shelly and Cheryl. The tiny figures of Ash and the others can be seen looking off toward this hill. In the foreground are crude burial crosses and a mound of earth. The earth begins to crack and splinter. One wooden cross caves in and are swallowed as the headless corpse of Linda pulls itself to its feet. The haunting waltz melody sweeps through the night air. Their eyes, illuminated by a shaft of light, widen in amazement and horror as... they hear the sound of the eerie waltz play and watch as the rotting corpse that was Linda begins to dance, bending and swaying as she sweeps gracefully through the evening fog. A waltz of the dead. The style of dance begins to change. It becomes more primitive. The music changes to a more primal beat. The dance becomes sexually oriented. Erotic, with sharp pelvic thrusts and gyrating hip motions. Lost in the horrific beauty, they turn their heads to a rumbling sound. Linda's decapitated head rolls across the ground and up the hillside graveyard. As it leaps through the air and gracefully situates itself atop Linda's neck, she begins to spin, yet her head remains in place, never taking her eyes from Ash. With a sensual twirl and leap, she disappears into the evening mists. His eyes dart about, trying to catch another glimpse of Linda through the fog. Linda swings sharply completing the spin of her dance immediately in front of Ash as the music abruptly halts. \"That was the most unbelievably creepiest shit I've seen thus far,\" Bashir exclaimed. \"Wait there will be more,\" Ahmad replied. \"DANCE WITH ME! \"Deadite Linda said as she reaches toward Ash. Ash screams as... Linda's head rolls off of her neck and tumbles through space. As it tumbles through a void of blackness, falling. \"Sorry my mistake I was wrong this right here is the creepiest shit,\" Bashir said. As he screams himself awake. he is sitting in the rocking chair. Ash halts his scream, getting control of himself. He looks to the window that had blown open. Still boarded as though it had never been opened. \"Whoa Whoa Ash it was just a dream,\" Mustapha said. \"That's all. Just a crummy dr-\" Ash whispered Linda's decapitated head falls and lands in Ash's hands. \"But that sure as shit is not a fucking dream,\" Babette replied. \"Hello lover, I came from the other side of your dream to dance with you.\" Deadite Linda said. A four-foot long blackened tongue emerges from her mouth like a lashing serpent. The tongue forces itself into Ash's mouth. Screaming as he clutches at the head of his former love. The tongue instantly retracts inside her head. As it bites deeply into Ash's right hand, drawing blood. Ash stands and rushes across the room screaming, as he tries to rid himself of the head. \"Fuck! Ash, you have to hold still. Let go of his hand you demon bitch!\" Ahmad shouted as he tried to help pull the head off. As Ash staggers painfully around the side of the cabin and towards the work shed; Linda's head still clamped to his hand. The others follow close behind him. \"Even now we have your darling Linda's soul! She suffers in torment!\" Deadite Linda taunts. Ash rips away an old tarp revealing the chalk outline of where a chainsaw once was. Confused. Wondering what has happened to the chainsaw. Behind them, the door to the shed bursts open and in comes the flailing, headless, body of Linda, charging at Ash and the others with the chainsaw buzzing high above her head. Ash is screaming. \"Son of a demon-possessed bitch look out!\" Ahmad shouts. Ash grabs a large crowbar and swings it toward the approaching blade. The others try to grab the body without getting hit by the chainsaw. The crowbar hits the bottom of the blade with a shower of sparks, sending the buzzing saw flipping backward. The blade of the chainsaw swings upward and arcs back into headless Linda, embedding itself in her neck. She goes nuts as the chainsaw bites its way into her chest cavity. She spins wildly about the room knocking into shelves as she tries to pull the blade free. She slams against the wall of the shed, and slumps to the floor, the chainsaw still buzzing. As they are splattered with black bile. He reaches down. As Ash dislodges the spinning chainsaw from her. He swings the chainsaw around and poises it above Linda's head. From the chainsaw, fumes of blue smoke. Ash turns to the head and falters. \"Ash its a trick she's gone,\" Mustapha said as he reached out squeezing Ash's shoulder. \"Please Ash, help me. I love you, please don't hurt me. \"You promised me we'd always be together. You swore to me! \" Linda pleads. \"NO!\" Ash screams in agony. \"YES! YOU LIED TO HER! YOU LIED TO LINDA! YOUR LOVE WAS A LIE! AND NOW SHE BURNS IN HELL! \"Deadite Linda taunts. \" The only liar in here is you demon you possess Linda's body trying to use her love for Ash to give you another soul you are a demon a deceiver a liar,\" Mustapha replied. She opens her mouth and emits a jet stream of bile. As they are drenched in the face. Linda begins to laugh at them in a wild, high pitched squeal. Ash gains control of himself and steadies the saw. \"Eat chainsaw,\" Ash said. He brings down the spinning blade. And moves and towards the head. looking at the wall of the work shed upon which the stark shadow of the ghastly deed. the sound of spinning steel meeting bone and the screams of a demon. The room and everything in it is splattered with blood. Ash stumbles back and falls against the wall, now lit in crimson. He looks at the carnage in terror. He begins to shake as though in shock. He trembles as he looks down at his hands; they are covered in Linda's blood. \"He's going into shock we can't let him do that we need his head in the game,\" Mustapha said. He wipes his hands on his pants and shirt, trying to rid himself of it, but only succeeds in painting himself with the stuff. Ash screams a wild scream of fear and despair. It echoes off into the night. \"Ash its gonna be alright,\" Bashir replied. Ash in a confused state as he staggers from the work shed and towards the cabin. Again clutching the chainsaw. Ash and the others enter through the doorway. Bashir pushes the door shut behind them and halts. They hear a creaking sound. It is coming from the main room of the cabin. They move in the direction of the sound. Curtains flutter on the partially boarded windows of the hall. They move slowly past them and towards the main room ahead. The gentle creaking sound grows louder. Ash tosses down the saw and picks up the gun. They enter from the hallway and turn their heads to the sound. The rocking chair rocks back and forth with a definitive motion, halting for a moment at its pints furthest forward and backward as if some invisible thing was sitting there and rocking. Slowly they approach the chair, scared shitless. Ash takes halting steps towards it. Ash gathers his courage and reaches out his hand to halt the rocking motion. Slowly his hand approaches the chair. Just as his hand goes to touch it, the chair abruptly halts, on its own accord. In a confused state as he backs away from the chair and into the wall. He turns and comes face to face with himself in a hanging framed mirror. He clutches at his face, trying to reassure himself of his sanity. \"I'm fine... I'm fine...\" Ash whispered. \"I don't think we're \"fine\". We're losing it... starting to slip. We just cut up our girlfriend with a chainsaw. Does that sound fine? \" Ash's evil reflection said. The reflection tightens its hold on Ash's throat and begins to strangle him. Ash's own hands on his throat. Ash has been strangling himself. He quickly pulls his hands away, looks at them incredulously, then to the mirror. He looks back down to his hands. The bite marks that Linda's teeth have left in the hand stand out sharply. The wound suddenly blackens and spider webs its infection across the entire surface of the hand. The hand quivers and shakes, now out of Ash's control. The hand has taken a whitish cast. It's veins throb and pulsates. It is possessed by the evil force. The hand's fingernails grow inches. The wound oozes black fluid. Ash is repulsed. \"Oh, shit his hand his possessed,\" Ahmad said. \"Oh, shit is right brother,\" Amani replied. Ash's demon hand makes a lunge at his face which is countered by his good hand. He slams the hand to the cabin floor. He screams into the air: \"Ash we got to cut it off!\" Mustapha yelled. \"You bastards. Give me back my hand. \"Give me back my hand!!\" Ash screams. Ash rushes into the kitchen and places his hand in the sink. He turns on the faucet. \"What the hell is he doing? running water over it won't make this go away.\" Bashir asked. \"Ash damn it you have to cut the fucking thing off!\" Ahmad shouted. \"Ahmad yelling at him isn't helping we will have to do it ourselves,\" Amani replied. Cool water runs over Ash's burned hand. Ash rests his head on the kitchen counter and mumbles reassurances to himself. \"Can't... can't be happening.\" Ash mumbles. As the water pours over the possessed hand. It grabs a plate sitting in the dishwater and reaches up silently out of the sink. \"Oh shit little evil fucker,\" Amani replied. The plate is shattered over Ash's head. The hand grabs Ash's hair and mercilessly slams his head down on the kitchen counter again and again. Ash punches himself in the face and is sent reeling backward. He smashes into a cupboard where dishes and plates fall upon him. The siblings run up behind Ash trying to pull his hand free. The hand picks up plates and begins breaking them over Ash's head. Then a bottle. Ash is knocked unconscious. The hand continues breaking objects over his head. Ash lies unmoving, but still alive. \"Fuck! its too strong,\" Amani said. The hand stops as though it senses something. a large meat cleaver which lies upon the wooden floor. \"Grab the clever quick!\" Mustapha yelled. \"The hand is stopped when it runs out of the arm, now anchored by Ash's unconscious body. It digs its nails deep into the floorboards and begins to pull... Ash is pulled along the kitchen floor. \"Damn we can't pin it down,\" Babette said. As it pulls Ash's unconscious body along after it. The hand clutches the meat cleaver when a large knife comes slicing through the demon hand, pinning it to the floorboards. \"Who's laughing now? \"Who's laughing now?\" Ash taunts. He lowers the spinning blade of the chainsaw down toward the evil hand. Blood flies up. The wind rushes fog about the place with a fury. A large moon hangs in the night sky. No longer attached to Ash's arm, it still writes about beneath Ash's foot which pins it to the floor. \"Ash we have to kill it,\" Mustapha said. As he grabs the steel wastebasket, dumps out the trash lowers it quickly over the hand trapping it within. With a note of finality, Ash slams down a pile of books atop the overturned waste can, to anchor it. \"I don't think that will hold it Ash it drug you across the floor with us hanging on to you it's too strong,\" Mustapha said. Ash raises a red-hot fireplace shovel that had been resting upon the coals. He grits his teeth. Ash thrusts the glowing shovel against the stump to cauterize the wound. Red steam hisses up Ash screams. He tosses aside the shovel and douses his smoldering stump into a vase of fresh flowers. Unspooling a roll of duct tape. He tapes the tablecloth into a makeshift bandage about his wrist. Behind him, the wastebasket silently slides across the floor. \"CLANG\"! They turn to see. The wastebasket turned upon its side. The evil hand is gone. \"Damn it I knew that wasn't going to work,\" Mustapha said. \"We better catch it,\" Bashir replied. They turn to a \"pitter-patter\" sound. It scampers across the floorboards headed for a hole in the wall. Ash raises the shotgun and fires. BLAM! The floor next to the hand explodes. \"Let's give 'em a hand,\" Bashir said. \"Cute hand humor brother,\" Amani replied. \"It fits in this case,\" Bashir said. The hand leaps into the hole as a section of wall next to it explodes. Blam! Ash and the others quickly reload all of their guns. They track the sound of the pitter patter as the hand scampers through the space behind the wall like a rat. The blasted hole at the bottom of the wall. The hand appears, still unhurt, waving and taunting them. As it taunts them it inadvertently sidesteps into a rusting mousetrap. SNAP! It springs shut upon the hand. It screams furiously and shakes violently in an effort to get free them from the trap. Ash and the others throw back their head's in barks of laughter. Ha! \"Ash taunts. The hand throws the trap from itself and raises its middle finger to ASH, flipping him the bird. \"Wow, Ash you really know how to piss off your hand,\" Ahmad said. \"It's evil it's trying to kill us I'm just trying to even the playing field,\" Ash replied. The group raises their guns, pointing directly at the hand. But the hand dodges away from the hole, disappearing again behind the wall. The guns continue to track the evil hand's progress through its pitter-patter sound. The pitter-patter ebbs and then peaks in volume. All triggers are squeezed. BLAM! BLAM! A 2nd and 3rd hole are blown in the wall. All is silent. As they lower the smoking guns. Wondering if they have hit the hand or not. All is silent for a moment, and then a slight trickle of blood comes dripping from the hole and down the side of the wall. For the first time feeling victorious. As they continue to stare at the hole, their expression changes to one of perplexity. The trickle of blood has increased to a steady flow, then, even this volume of blood multiplies. It is forced out of the wall with a greater and greater pressure until blood pours from the wall like a fire hose. \"How the hell is that even possible?\" Amani asked. Horrified, they spin their glance to the sound of more gushing liquid. They are hit in the face with a geyser of deep red blood. The 2nd and 3rd holes in the wall also begin to spew blood in a geyser. The 4th hole. This, too, is an eruption of blood. The blood changes in color to a black fluid, then yellow, then turquoise. Ash screams as he looks down at his wrist. The severed wrist begins dribbling blood. Then in a burst, it too, erupts in a hellish fire hose. It spouts blood under such great pressure that Ash is driven against the walls of the cabin because of it. \"You have got to be fucking kidding me!\" Bashir said in total disbelief. The siblings watch him as he slams from one wall into another. In the midst of Ash's scream, drowning in the blood, it all suddenly stops. The cabin is again deadly quiet. Ash and the others are soaked in blood and shivering, wait. For what, they are not sure. As he slowly backs away from the walls and sits on the three-legged chair. It shatters beneath him, dumping him on his butt. CREAK!!! Ash and the others turn sharply to the low sound. The mounted moose head upon the wall. It is in a different position. It turns sharply towards Ash and the others and emits a hideous cackle. They pull back in fear, then turns to the sound of more laughter. The desk lamp on its steel swivel rises and falls in synchronization with its wheezing laughter. Ah ha ha ha ha . Ahhhh ha ha ha ha! Terrified, he turns to more laughter. A line of 12 old books upon the shelf flap open and closed violently as they emit a chorus of sharp laughs. They turn. Other books upon the floor laugh. Ash turns sharply toward them and breaks into an uproariously frightening bout of laughter. Mustapha grabs Ash by the shoulders backhanding Ash with all his might. The wooden door behind Ash comes to life. It stretches out as though it were elastic with each of its own low and terrible laughs. Ash and everything in it is having the time of their lives. Ash leads the bunch laughing harder and harder. \"Slapping the shit out of him didn't work,\" Ahmad said. KNOCK! KNOCK! KNOCK! \"Who the hell was able to get out here?\" Bashir asked. The room's laughter suddenly stops. Ash instantly terrified, grabs up the shotgun and fires into the door. Blam! Blam! They hear a short shrill scream and then all is quiet. \"He hit something,\" Mustapha said. Ash opens the front door. It slowly swings inward with a creak revealing the empty night. Ash and the others approach the front porch a man in blue overalls dives at Ash knocking him to the floor punching him. Bashir takes his gun pushes it to the side of the man's head. \"Get up slowly and sit your ass down you don't know what the hell is going on here. \"Bashir said. \"Do you know these assholes?\" Jake asked. \"No. We thought her - \" Ed replied. \"Oh my God. Where are my parents? she looks down to the floor. seeing the chainsaw lying in a pool of blood. Annie runs to Ash grabs his shirt and violently shakes him. What the hell did you do to them? \"Annie asked. \"That's not your parent's blood Ash just had to cut his hand off,\" Mustapha replied. \"But what happened to my parents?\" Annie asked. \"When we got here the things were on the desk just as you found it but they were nowhere to be seen Scotty played the recording and all hell broke loose,\" Ash said. \"He's right these are my father's things,\" Annie replied. She turns on the tape recorder. High pitched feedback and the professor's screams come from the speaker. \"Last night Henrietta tried to kill me.\" Professor Knowby Vo. \"SHHH! Listen! (Voice on tape) My father's voice.\" Annie said. \"I know now, that my wife has become host to a Kandarian demon. \"I cannot bring myself to dismember my wife, yet I know that I must, to halt the evil that lives within her. \"Professor Knowby Vo. \"No.\" Annie gasped horrified. \"It is October 1, 4:33 p.m. Henrietta is dead. I could not bring myself to dismember her corpse. But I buried her. \"I . . . buried her . . . in the cellar \"God help me, I buried her in the earthen floor of the fruit cellar!\" Professor Knowby Vo said. \"Oh shit,\" Ahmad exclaimed. \"Someone's in my cabin! Someone with a fresh soul! \" Deadite Henrietta said. \"Oh god is that?\" Ed asked. \"No. Can't be,\" Annie said. \"Id hate to burst your bubble but I believe it is we had Cheryl trapped down there but she wasn't buried,\" Babette replied. Deadite Henrietta's head peaks out of the trap door Ed and Annie scream in fright. \"For God's sake! That's my mother!\" Annie shouts. \"That's not your mother anymore Annie,\" Mustapha replied. \"I fear that whatever I have resurrected from this book, is sure to come calling for me. \"Professor Knowby vo said. \"There's something out there. That... witch in the cellar is only part of it. It lives out in those woods. In the Dark. Something that's come back from the dead.\" Ash said. Everyone stops talking when Henrietta starts singing the song she used to sing to Annie when she was a child. \"Remember that song, Annie? I used to sing it to you when you were a baby. \"Let me out, dear. It's so cold and dark in here. \"Henrietta said. \"Mother? \"Annie asked. \"Unlock these chains. Quickly. \"Henrietta said. Ash halts her gently. He shakes his head. \"It's using your mother's memories to manipulate you, Annie, that's what they do,\" Babette replied. \"No. No. I don't know what you are but you're not my mother.\" Annie said. \"How can you say that to me, Annie? \"Henrietta cried. \"No! \"Annie shouts. \"You were born September 2nd, 1962. I remember it well because it was snowing. So strange that it would be snowing in September.\" Henrietta replied. \"That thing in the cellar is not my mother!\" Annie shouts. Ed stands sharply into her frame. His eyes bone white, his skin, the pale color of the dead. His mouth has grown large. His lips are black. He is possessed. He shrieks. Annie screams and jumps back He flies up into the air and writhes about as if he were a human marionette. He lets out a demonic moan and then begins to laugh. As they look on in horror. Ash steps in front of Annie as she gapes at this monstrosity that was Ed. As he floats about the room. His laughter suddenly stops and a second demonic voice comes from his body. It is female and wailing in lament. Watching in horror. The body of Ed turns sharply toward the group, not really seeing. \"We are the things that were. \"And shall be again! HA HA HA HA HA! \"Spirits of the book. \"We want what is yours! LIFE! \"The Demonic voices of Ed said. As he floats about, his head dips and swoons. \"Dead by dawn! \"Dead by dawn! \" Deadite Ed chants. Sticking her gnarled head from the cellar. \"Dead by dawn! Dead by dawn! \"Deadite Henrietta chants. \"Free me! Unlock these chains!\" Deadite Henrietta shouts. Ash with an ax and the Alzeez siblings corner Deadite Ed and start stabbing him. \"Startup that saw and hand it here! We're gonna cut him up.\" Ash said. \"No,\" Annie replied. \"START IT UP! \"Ash shouts \"NO!\" Annie shouts. Possessed Ed stands up quickly grabbing Ash the Alzeez siblings rush to pry Ed off of Ash only to discover it's Ash's possessed hand strangling him meanwhile Deadite grabs Annie backhanding her sending her flying into a desk. Ash and the Alzeez siblings start to hack Ed up Ash using his chainsaw Annie watching in terror as blood sprays her clothing. The moon has grown larger. Fog billows past the cabin. \"It's so quiet,\" Annie said. \"It's the calm before the storm I don't like it,\" Ash replied. As they raise their heads to a distant pounding sound. It grows louder. BOOM - BOOM! BOOM - BOOM! \"Here comes the storm,\" Amani said. \"What the hell is it?\" Jake asked. \"Maybe something... Something trying to force its way into our world. \" Ash said. \"I don't think that qualifies as a maybe Ash,\" Bashir replied. BOOM! BOOM! BANG! BAM! Bang! BANG! BAM! BAM! As the eerie whistling sound grows louder. It is followed by the angry sound of something moving violently about the room. A shattering of glass. WOOOOOSH! The group is hit with a tremendous blast of air. They shiver from the cold. The wind in the room suddenly stops. He blows out his breath and watches it vaporize. The screaming face of Raymond Knowby emerges from the wall. A life like a spirit made of swirling smoke and mist. \"Annie. \"There is a dark spirit here that wants to destroy you. Your salvation lies in the pages from the Book of the Dead. \"Recite the passages. Dispel the evil. Save my soul... And your own lives. The ghost of Raymond screams and is gone. Ash shudders. \"What is it?\" Annie asked. \"Felt like someone just walked over my grave. It's that picture. \"Ash said. \"Yeah, we felt it too,\" Bashir replied. \"In 1300 AD. This was the \"Heroes from the Sky,\" who was prophesized to destroy this Evil. \"Annie said. \"They didn't do a very good job. What about the passages? \"Ash asked. \"Here it is. Two passages.\" \"We've got it! Recitation of the first passage will make this \"Dark Spirit\" manifest itself in the flesh.\" Annie said. \"Why the hell would we want to do that?\" Ash asked. \"Recitation of the second passage creates a kind of rift in time and space, and the physical manifestation of this spirit can be forced back through this rift... to an earlier time and place. At least that's the best translation I can... \" Annie stopped. \"We should take care of our cellar problem first,\" Ahmad said. \"Come to me. Come to sweet Henrietta! \" Deadite Henrietta taunted. Nos-feratos-allo-Memnon-kanda! Tar-tra Kanda-Estra!-- Kanda! Aton-Neran-Ofas! Kanda! Samonda Roba Areda Gyes Indy En-zeen, Nos-Feratos - Nos-feratos - Amen-non. Ak-adeem! Razin - Arozonia! \"Annie recites. \"Oh no you don't little bastard,\" Bashir said as he bats Ash's possessed hand away from Annie picking up the Dagger it dropped. ...Kanda! \"Annie recites. \"You did it. By God you did it. \"For God's sake, how do you stop it?\" Ash yelled. As they were all sucked into the rift.[Chapter 4] The glorious beams of morning sunlight streak over the horizon. Ash and the others stand watching Ash holds the Necronomicon as he looks wearily out over the battlefield. The battlefield is littered with bodies and bones alike. Henry and Arthur's warriors work together. They toss the deadite bones and armor into a bonfire. Two deadite skulls engulfed by flames, crack in the heat. Lord Arthur had taken many arrows in the battle luckily all were mere flesh wounds it was just a matter of keeping him from bleeding to death. \"We said goodbye to Arthur and Henry and their remaining people. Sure we had our problems. But in the end, Arthur was all right. \"Peace was made between the two peoples. And a new nation was formed. They offered us a chance to stay among them and teach them. A chance to lead them. To be Kings and Queens. Sheila especially wanted us to stay. But, we had places to go.\" Ash VO said. \"The Book tells us that each drop allows a man to sleep a century. Swallow six drops, and thou shalt awaken in thine own time.\" Wiseman John said. \"Yeah. Right... Ash and the others take the flasks and study it. ...but what other choice did we have?\" Ash VO said. Ash and the others ride off. \"We had to find a place to crash. For a very long time. with the aid of their horses, drag the Deathcoaster inside the cave. They set the horses free. \"YAHH!!\" Ash and the others shout sending the horses on their way. Ash and the others place a black powder charge at the mouth of the cave. They ignite the fuse and climbs into the car. \"We locked the doors.\" Ash VO. BOOM! The powder charge blows. The cave's entrance is sealed shut with an avalanche of rock. The car headlights come on, piercing the blackness. Ash uncorks the flask filled with the Wiseman's brew. \"I closed my eyes.\" Ash VO said. He lets six drops fall into his mouth. One for each century he must sleep.passing the flask around to the others to take their six drops. \"I took a drink.\" Ash VO said. Ash and the others are unaware that an extra drop has fallen into their mouth! A 7th drop! They swallow the liquid. \"We didn't know if it was day or night. We started... to get drowsy... And We slept...\" Ash VO said. Ash and the others fall into a deep slumber. now in a different position. Time has passed. Themen need a shave.and the woman needed a haircut. And dreamed. The hands-on Ash's wristwatch wind faster and faster, then halt and rust The leather band rots away and the watch falls from Ash's wrist. The sun rises then sets. The moon follows. Crack forms along the surface of the aging rock wall. \"Dreams last lasted centuries.\" Ash Vo said. A barren tree sprouts buds, they swell forming leaves which change to the brilliant colors of fall then drop. A frost covers them. Icecicles on the ceiling of the cave melt. The water drops down onto their faces. They stir. They awaken in a heap of rusted scrap, which was once the Deathcoaster. Their clothes and armor having deteriorated, they are buck ass naked as they stagger to the mouth of the cave. They dig at the rocks that block the cave's entrance. Sunlight streams into the hole they have created. They climb from the cave and step into the sunlight. And when we awoke...\"Ash VO said. They behold...A futuristic city. after the next nuclear war: a dead land. A fractured clock tower lays sprawled on its side. The time of mankind's death frozen on the cracked face of the clock. A shattered bridge abruptly ends, a third of the way across a river it once spanned. Upon it, rest heaps of futuristic, yet rusted taxicabs piled eight deep in some places. a stunned group, amidst the atomized pieces of iron and bone. ...We found that we had slept too long.\"Ash Vo said. Ash and the others are so small a dot now, and so far away, that we almost can't hear their terrified screams! \"What the hell are we gonna do now?\" Basir asked. \"We need to find some clothes first before we do anything,\" Annie said. \"Yeah, Annie's right we can't walk around this dead zone with our tails out for all to see,\" Ash replied. \"We don't know if there is anyone alive here besides us Ash,\" Ahmad said. \"Grab our stuff lets see if we can't find some clothing,\" Ash replied. \"Where exactly do we look this place looks like an atom bomb dropped on it,\"Amani asked. \"I don't know just be careful we don't know what we are gonna find here we don't know if there are any kind of deadites or living people but we don't have the option of standing here naked like Adam and Eve taking a stroll in the garden,\" Ash replied. \"Let's go,\" Mustapha said. Carefully the walked having no particular direction in mind. They were unaware they were being watched. \"That's strange,\" Ryker said. \"Yes, that is I wonder how they got here and who they are,\" Sona replied. \"Come on we don't want to lose sight of them,\"Lonn said. Ash and the others carefully made their way to some dilapidated buildings listening for any sign of danger they searched for anything that would cover them. \"I wonder what happened here it's strange to wake up in a place that looks completely deserted no animals or people,\" Annie said. \"If you ask me this is Twilight Zone Deadite edition,\" Ash replied. \"We don't know if the book caused this I would think there would be possessed people walking around,\" Mustapha said. \"That's true not to mention the fact there would be demons walking around and I don't understand this nothing,\" Babette replied. The future group of people stood behind Ash and the others. \"Who are you, people?\" Ryker asked. \"Who are you? we didn't think anyone was alive in this wasteland.\" Basir asked. \"I am Ryker one of many survivors of this place,\" Ryker said. \"Come with us we can get you some clothes,\" Sona replied. \"Where exactly are you taking us?\" Ash asked. \"To our compound, we have clothing and food,\" Ryker said. The group walked to an enclosed area of the city Ryker knocked on the large steel doors they opened to reveal more people. An older man walked over to the group. \"Ryker who have we got here?\" Doc asked. \"We don't know who they are we found them walking around,\" Sona replied. \"The names Ash this is Annie and they are the Alzeez siblings,\" Ash said. \"Would you be so kind to tell us where we are?\" Annie asked. \"This is Morristown Tennesee,\" Doc replied. \"Hold the phone Chief you're saying this is Morristown what year is it?\" Ash asked. \"It's 2017,\" Ryker replied. \"So what happened here?\" Mustapha asked. \"30 years ago a worldwide earthquake happened news reports of people being possessed and demons walking the earth. \"Scores of humans died and those left are really just a handful of people all over the world,\" Doc replied. \"We need to get back to our own time so this doesn't happen is there any way you can help us?\" Basir asked. \"Yeah, I can why don't you tell us how you came to be here and we'll see about getting you home,\" Doc replied. \"You dealt with demons or possessed people so you must know about the Necronomicon,\" Ahmad said. \"Yes we know about it the possessed said that it was the way they wanted to make the world,\" Doc replied. \"Well if you can get us back we can make sure that doesn't happen,\" Babette said. \"We'll get you back don't worry but how did you get sent here?\" Doc asked. \"We came from the year 1300AD prior to that in our time we were in a cabin in the woods that Annie's parents stayed in before my friends and I we didn't know they had translated the book and ended up being killed. \"To make a long story short we opened a portal to stop the evil that sent us back to 1300AD where we helped them deal with the possessed in that time the wise man put together a potion and told us to drink a certain number of drops and we would wake up in our own time, unfortunately, we took an extra drop that is the reason we are here,\" Mustapha replied. \"Do you still have the container they made the concoction in?\" Doc asked. \"Yes, we have it right here,\" Annie replied. \"Thanks we can test it and see if we can recreate what the wise man did,\" Doc said. The group walked into a building that from the outside you wouldn't think was a lab but from the inside certainly looked like a typical lab. \"Here we are while we wait for the results Sona and Ryker will get your clothes just tell them what your size is,\"Doc instructed. \"And Sona make sure you grab some food for them as well.\"Doc continued. The group sat in the lab for a few minutes before Sona returned with clothes and food. \"Here we are you can change in there,\" Sona said. One by one they put on the new clothing and returned to their seats to eat the food they were given. When suddenly a man burst into the room. \"Doc we got company,\"Coltan exclaimed. \"Easy Coltan tell me what you mean,\" Doc said. \"We heard a loud bang outside the gates so we went out to investigate and it was a rift and deadites were falling from it we took off back here to warn you,\" Coltan said. Doc and the others rush outside the lab and sure enough, they hear the familiar sound. Doc quickly pushes a button on a keypad in his pocket which opened up small shutters covering torrent mounted guns that rained bullets on the approaching deadites. \"I would love to have one of those beauties,\" Ash exclaimed. \"Oh that's an easy fix, Axel can make a modification to your chainsaw hand that will allow you to have smaller versions of these babies I'm certain he can make them for all of you and teach you how to make them yourselves,\" Doc said. \"Okay, Doc lets do it,\" Ash replied. \"Axel, can you make them small hidden versions of the mounts we got on the wall?\" Doc asked. \"Sure thing Doc,\" Axel replied. The group walks over to the workshop where Axel showed them all the stuff he was working on. The workshop was packed with all kinds of things that would make great modifications to their weapons which was something they all agreed on they wanted. As they did that Doc continued his work reading the chapter of the Necronomicon that the wise man read to make the potion that would send them to their own time. \"Hmmm very straightforward and we have these ingredients available,\" Doc mumbled. \"What did you find Doc?\" Sona asked. \"We can easily make this potion to send them back we have everything it needs,\" Doc replied. \"That's great,\" Sona replied. \"Yes, things will definitely change when they go back to their time,\" Ryker said. \"Ah, here we are,\" Axel whispered. \"What you got there?\" Annie asked. \"Everything needed to make your weapons,\" Axel replied. A few hours went by and the weapons were ready. \"Wow, these are great,\" Babette said. \"Yeah, ill say the fact we can make the powder and bullets is a great advantage for us,\" Mustapha replied. \"Groovy,\" Ash said. \"Lookin good Ash,\" Babette replied. \"Thanks, dollface,\" Ash said. \"Ash the potion is ready I don't think going back to the cave is the best option we will take you to a place that is just as secure but won't crush you,\" Doc said. The group followed Doc Sona and Ryker out of the encampment and towards another set of secure buildings inside were cots and airtight bags with clothing and things they would need once they woke up in their own time. \"Don't worry nothing or no one will bother you in here safe journey,\" Doc said as he closes the door leaving the group inside. Just like 700 years before they each drank the drops needed to send them home they believed this time without any issues they all laid down and one by one they fell asleep. Just like before time went on and they slept completely undisturbed. One by one they awake with moans and groans looking around confused till they remembered where they were. Grabbing the bags with clothes the found bathrooms to shower and change. An hour later with new clothes full bellies and their weapons intact, they emerge back to their time surprisingly the find themselves on the road leading toward the cabin. \"We aren't far from Ed's car and Jake and Bobbie Jo's truck we can use that to get out of here,\" Annie said. \"Yeah let's get as far away from here as possible,\" Mustapha replied. They each got in the vehicles heading away from the road that leads to the cabin choosing to stay at a motel that was on the other side of the small town. \"I'm gonna have to go home to Elk Grove and tell my dad why my sister will never come home again,\" Ash said. \"No one is going to believe this Ash no one who has not seen what we have will think we are not crazy we can't prove what happened,\" Basir replied. \"And the only way to prove it would be to wake the evil wait and see who gets possessed and say here see this is what happened at the cabin,\" Annie said. \"It's too dangerous to risk that nuclear solution,\" Babette replied. \"The fact is people will be wondering what the hell happened to them especially since people knew we were going away for spring break. \"And I can't go back without explaining what happened to Cheryl,\" Ash said. \"We can't go back until we agree on the best action that won't get us arrested or placed in the nut house,\" Ahmad replied. Back and forth ideas went they had to figure out a way to explain this but still they couldn't prove it other than their loved ones missing. \"I know that people will wonder about my parents and Ed my father's colleagues knew about his search and everything leading up to the expedition of Kandar castle,\" Annie said. \"I know this much my hometown is small they don't know shit about what goes on outside of it hell I don't even think they would venture out to find out I know that they wouldn't believe one damn thing id say happened,\" Ash replied. The group continued to talk until they were interrupted by a knock on the door. \"Who the hell is that?\" Basir asked. \"Open the door,\" Kent replied. \"Uncle Kent what the hell are you doing out here?\" Ash asked. \"I'm here because you need me here because I know what the hell busted your mug pretty good,\" Kent replied. \"How do you know?\" Annie asked. \"I was a young sergeant in world war two.we had gotten word that Hitler was looking for a scroll that would raise dead men that he could totally control and wipe out anything that got in his way the only problem was he was made deals with demons who had plans of their own. \" I saw a lot of good men fall into possession and many I had to dispose of myself, of course, the government didn't announce what Hitler was really doing because the president ordered it kept quiet he wanted them to believe Hitler was just targeting Jews,\" Kent replied. \" That's the thing Uncle you had a war to hide this shit behind I don't have a Hitler to blame,\" Ash said. \"No, you do not and going home telling the truth won't help you either,\" Kent replied. \"On that, we both agree,\" Ash said. \"So Nephew tell me what happened don't leave anything out,\" Kent replied. \"We had planned this spring break trip for a while we were looking forward to going to Jacksonville though Scotty surprised us with a side trip out here, \"We settled into the cabin we noticed someone had been there before us it turned out to be Annie's parents the had found this book and came out to the cabin to study it. \" Annie's father had released a demon that possessed his wife and killed him and when we got there we released it again by accident and it killed Cheryl and the others,\" \"We opened a rift that sent us 700 years into the past and then ended up in the future and got sent back here now,\" Ash said. \"Listen, Ash, this is a fine kettle of fish your all in the only people who know the truth about the book or even remotely know are in this room beside whomever Ms.Knowby's father was looking into this they are the only ones who would believe this I know for a fact our hometown would call you all murders rather than believe the truth,\" Kent replied. \"Yeah, Tom Emery to name one he would jump at the chance to bust my chops about this hell most of the town would besides Chet that is but people wonder about Cheryl especially dad he didn't know we were coming out here,\" Ash said. \"Brock is complicated he won't be too keen to buy this he knows you wouldn't kill your sister but he isn't the type to vouch for anyone including his son,\" Kent replied. \"Is he really that bad?\" Annie asked. \"I love Brock but he's an asshole,\" Kent replied. ","Summary":" The Necronomicon Ex-Mortis.(also known as \"Nocturom Demonto\"in Latin),roughly translated as the "},{"Movie":"Evil Dead Army of Darkness","Title":"From The Depths Of Hell","Author":"LewisFanFic","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10632125","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello everyone, today I am having a go at doing a Evil Dead Fanfiction that is a direct continuation of the 2013 remake. Since this takes place right after that obviously there will be spoilers. Hope you guys enjoy reading as much as I enjoyed writing. I ain't a pro at this sort of thing, I just want to see what I can do when it comes to telling a story. This will feature Ash later on but at the moment it is just following Mia, I have some sort of plot planned out where the two meet up. Also the Original/Bad ending of Army Of Darkness is the one that's cannon here. The beginning is also slightly based off the original post credit scene from the 2013 film. That is also where I got the story picture from. Chapter 1 - Can't forget Nothing could be heard, except the sound of birds singing in the tall trees. An endless road with tons of these giants on either side. No life, it was as if this corner of the world was cut off from civilization. Suddenly there was movement, a small white mouse crept out of the foliage. The mouse hesitated looking right as if anxious about the threat of incoming traffic. There hadn't been a vehicle come down this road for hours. After a few seconds, this mouse started to idly make its way across the road. It was only when it reached the halfway point did it realise the immediate danger. Before it could even react a boot descended on it. Making a squeak of terror then a loud crunch, it's life was over within a second. Mia stopped and looked down. She slightly moved her boot over onto its side to inspect the bottom of it. Her past self would probably have been disgusted. But that version of her was gone. With a grunt she scrapped the remains of the mouse off her boot with her remaining hand and continued down the road. For what felt like a eternity she had just walked. She didn't dare even to think for too long or the memory's would hit her and she would be reduced to nothing, Stop dead in her tracks and collapse. But she couldn't forget. Everything was still in the back of her mind and it made her head throb. Blood still fell from the stump, and she was still soaked with blood from the events prior. Blood fell from her body like water dripping from a tap, hitting the concrete. Behind her was a endless trail of red stretching into the distance. The sun was high in the sky now and Mia began to feel the heat. How long has it been since I've had a drink ? Mia tried to remember but all she could think of was David. He's at peace now . The thought of him made her smile. He saved me . Mia stopped. She heard it before she even saw it. A truck roared over the horizon coming her way. Was she hallucinating? Mia blinked a couple of times and then proceeded to rub her eyes with her one hand. But no the pick up truck was real, and it seemed to grow larger and louder as it came closer. The truck came to a stop beside Mia. The windows were so dirty that Mia couldn't see the interior of the truck. The windows rolled down to reveal a man, who couldn't have been much older than herself. He was wearing a Michigan state Spartans cap, he also had a goatee and dark glasses which hid the color of his eyes. For what felt like a good minute he just stared. Mia stared back with a blank expression, devoid of emotion. The man however had a expression that was a mix of confusion and something else. Mia knew she must have looked like something straight from hell, as she held her handless arm behind her back as if to hide it. As if she was ashamed, But if anything she wanted to show the world. Explain to them what had happened. She would be titled crazy but she didn't care. Just someone to talk to would be nice. \"S-S-So, um, you like need a lift or something?\" The man asked, taking off his dark glasses to reveal bright green eyes. He leaned over opening the passenger door. Mia didn't say anything. There was nothing she could say. She expected him to panic or to drive right passed her. But no he acted like this was something that happened every day. Like every day a girl in a blood red dress, walking down a road, face covered in blood and only one hand, was something that happened a lot round these parts. Mia smiled. That smile slowly turned into hysterical laughter, as she slowly got on her knees and started howling into the sky like a wolf would at the moon. She then let herself fall onto the concrete and curl up into a ball. The laughing turned into sobbing; her vision began to blur. The once quite wilderness was now loud with the sound of Mia crying. She let all the memory's attack her like a swarm of angry bees. The man in the rusty pick-up truck now seemed to panic as he killed the engine, got out of his truck and started pacing, muttering to himself. \"Ah shit, Hey ma'am I'm going to get you help okay.\" He then realised Mia's stump and the blood oozing out of it. Mia began to weep uncontrollably in a puddle of her own blood. Her crys of pure agony sent shivers down the mans neck. The man picked her up, and placed her in the passenger side of the truck placing his hand on her neck as if to check for pulse. \"I'm going to get you into town, find a hospital or police, something.\" The man reached over opening the glove compartment, revealing a small first aid kit and a revolver. He grabbed the kit and opened it. Producing some bandages he began to tend to Mia's wounds. \"They're all dead! I couldn't help them. That fucking book...\" she groaned as the man tended to her stump, she struggled to focus. \"No police, they will just-\" Mia then felt herself loosing conciousness, either from shock or loss of blood. It didn't matter as her whole field of view started to become black. \"You just hold on, can't have you dying in my truck.\" The man slammed the passenger door shut and got in the drivers side. He hesitated before starting the engine to look over at Mia. Her head was resting against the window and her eyes were closed. \"Name's Nick by the way, if you can still hear me.\" The man remarked before turning the key. He did a U turn to go back the direction he came in. His shaking hands nervously gripped the wheel and he put his foot down, driving off without a second thought. \"Mia...\" she muttered. The pain still raced up her spine, making thinking let alone talking a difficult task. Mia slipped in and out of consciousness as he drove. She dreamed about David and when they were kids; they were so happy back then. When she was awake she stared out the window, catching glimpses of other vehicles passing as they headed closer to civilisation. She looked down at where her hand used to be. Nick had done a bad job of trying to stop the bleeding, as blood was now seeping through the bandage and dripping onto the seat. \"You're going to be okay kid. Just 1 mile to the nearest town. Don't you die on me.\" Nick said without turning to face her. Mia looked up at Nick, \"I'll never be okay again.\" she said, before closing her eyes and letting her head rest against the pane. The rest of the drive was silent and uneasy. Nick constantly looked over at Mia, checking she wasn't losing to much blood. Mia however remained still.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 here. Please give me feedback as I think I need to improve on things like setting scenes etc. I wrote chapter 1 and 2 in a day. I am going to start uploading 1 per week from now on so I have time to improve each chapter before I post it. Of course chapter might get delayed if I don't think they are up to standards. Please review! Chapter 2 - Reunion Party \"You're going to die here you pathetic junkie!\" The abomination crawled desperately towards her, hungry for her soul. Mia stopped her struggling and ignored the pain. At that moment anger, rather than fear filled inside her. This Demon who wanted her dead just became no different from everyone else who ever looked down on her. \"I've had enough of this shit!\" Mia turned over and pushed as hard as she could on the car, at the same time she pulled. Mia screamed, the pain sent a shock wave through her entire body. Her hand was now only attacked by a few threads of skin and bone. Should I just lie here and wait for death? It probably wouldn't be so bad compared to what she was feeling right now. Finally with one last pull, her arm and hand separated sending one last punch of pain. She didn't dare look at the result, but she could feel the blood squirting out of where her hand used to be. Quickly she grabbed the chainsaw and stood up to face her demon, moving backwards out of primal instinct to escape. She could see her warm breath as she exhaled into the freezing night air. shivering, she tried to calm herself and her breathing started to slow. She watched as the monster edged towards her at a steady pace. It came to a stop next to her feet; lifting its head looking directly into Mia's eyes. \"I will feast on your soul!\" The abomination exclaimed. The blood rain started to come down heavier. Mia drove the stump into the handle of the chainsaw. She inhaled as she lifted the chainsaw to meet the abominations head. \"Feast on this motherfucker!\" With that, she lurched forward and rammed the chainsaw into its head. Blood, pieces of skull, and brain matter flew in all directions. Mia didn't hold back, she let all her rage be powered through this chainsaw; rocking it back and fourth as the cabin burned in the background. More internal organs were sent flying as Mia dragged the chainsaw down to the torso area with ease. Adrenaline flowed through her veins. This if for my friends . Mia opened her eyes. A normal white ceiling. She thanked god it was all a dream not wanting to be back at that place. Mia wasn't sure about much nowadays but if there was a Devil, then there must be a God. She didn't have the energy to move her head, but she already had an idea of what her current situation was. She was in a comfortable hospital bed with multiple tubes going into her body. She could hear the beeping of the heart rate monitor. It felt like years since Mia had her head on a pillow as comfortable as this. It relaxed her, and for a second her life wasn't so fucked up. \"So they just found her?\" Mia could hear what she assumed to be nurses gossiping about her just outside the door. \"They found her when?\" She heard one of them ask. Mia sat up slowly to check out her surroundings. She was in a normal hospital room, the walls were painted white, with pictures of beautiful countryside scenery hanging on them. There was also what looked like kids drawings framed up on the walls, drawn with bright colours. To the right there was a wooden table with a wooden chair positioned next to it. To the left there was the door with a metal handle that led to the hallways of the rest of the hospital. What Mia would give to spend the rest of her pathetic existence in this plain room undisturbed. There was one light bulb, but the majority of the light was coming from the window to the right where daylight crept in. How long was I out? The door opened and a middle aged nurse with blonde hair came in. She did a double take when she realised that Mia was awake. Her mouth hung open in shock. \"We didn't think you would wake up!\" she said in amazement. \"How long was I out?\" Mia questioned \"And where's Nick?\" Who is the only other person Mia knew who was still alive. The nurse came in shutting the door and walked over to Mia. She began to adjust the heart rate monitor and the tubes connected to her. \"You were out five days, you lost a lot of blood. What did you expect you came in here without a hand?\" She didn't look Mia in the face and just continued to fiddle with the electronics. \"Yea well shit happens.\" Mia shrugged not knowing what else to say. \"Losing a hand is just shrugged of as shit happens? Anyway how did that even happen?\" She now looked up intrigued. \"I don't know. Maybe I fell?\" Mia said sarcastically. \"You don't want to say that's fine. Anyway the guy you came in here with was carrying you, drenched in blood just like you. Only moments later the cops came in and took him away. Speaking of which they have been visiting you every day to check if you're awake. They should be here soon actually.\" And with that she turned and left. \"Shit\" She wanted to tell them everything but they would just call her crazy. No doubt Eric, Olivia and Natalie's relatives had already filled a missing persons report forcing the cops to look harder. How could they forgive her? She couldn't even tell them what had happened. Maybe she should just tell them she killed them all; it would be easier to explain. Mia heard heavy footsteps and the door handle turned. A black male entered he smiled when he saw Mia; revealing his shiny white teeth. \"Rise and shine!\" He wore a white shirt a tie and had very polished business shoes, that you could probably see your own reflection in. He picked up the chair from the corner of the room and placed it next to Mia's bed. As he sat he leaned forward closely to talk to her. \"I'm Detective Johnson, but you can call me Mark if you want to.\" He never took his gaze of Mia and she could tell he was going to press for information. He seemed to carry himself around like he adored himself, or he just loved his job. \"I understand you were found wandering down a road not far out of town five days ago, is that correct young lady?\" He asked, sitting back and folding his arms and becoming more relaxed. \"Yes.\" \"But you weren't all there were you? We understand where you went, Eric's friends informed us about your cold turkey mission. The thing is, we went up that road and we couldn't find the cabin you supposedly went to. Nothing there just dirt and trees no Eric, Natalie, Olivia, even your brother was nowhere to be found. We did find some other important things that we would like you to explain. And also why we found you minus a hand.\" He now seemed to be accusing Mia of something that she was only witness to. A witness in her own body unable to control herself. Don't do it, don't cut it off bitch, Mia pushed the memory's away. She couldn't control herself, that bitch had control of her soul. \"Please Detective you have no idea what I've been through. If you have to drag me down to the station go ahead.\" Mia said sounding defeated. \"We will be doing that but there is some good news. The nurses tell me someone cares about you enough to pay for a prosthetic hand.\" Mia frowned. \"But who would-\" \"That will be all get dressed. I'll be just outside. Doctors tell me once you get that new hand your ready to go.\" He said cutting off Mia and standing up to leave. Mia wasn't fond of the new hand. It looked like a mannequin's hand and smelled strange. She did however get some clean clothes and had time to take a shower. She now wore a red hoodie, blue jeans and some basic sneakers. She placed her hand on the door handle but hesitated, here we go I guess. S he took in a breath then turned the handle. No sooner after she left her room Mark grabbed her arm and dragged her outside to his car. It was now starting to get dark as the blood red sun descended below the horizon. She barely had time to smell the fresh air which she was now forever grateful for. Within 20 mins she was in an interrogation room with photos of all her friends, and her brother layed out in front of her on the table. Mark came in, nodded directly at the mirror on the back wall and sat down opposite Mia; his back was facing the mirror. He rested his arms on the table and glanced at the photos before looking at Mia. \"So let's cut to the chase Mia. Where are your friends?\" Mark seemed to grow impatient as he twiddle his thumbs. \"You have to listen to me very carefully. You won't believe a word of me. But I swear on all things holy, I had nothing to do with their deaths!\" Mia said firmly as she clenched her fists. Mark smirked, \"You know what, that is pretty funny. I mean really. You want to know why?\" \"Why?\" \"We found the chainsaw Mia. Right there on the fucking ground.\" Mark searched Mia's face for a reaction. Mia sat back and looked down at her feet. The wrong thing to do. \"It gets even better, we got the DNA from the blood of the chainsaw and we got matches for all your friends. Including your brother. And there is no fucking cabin in sight.\" All of my friends, my brother how did-? Oh fuck, the raining blood . Mia had nothing to say, there was nothing to say. She turned her head away from mark and stared at a spot on the wall, hoping for him to leave. \"So we got the murder weapon. Now we just need the motive.\" As Mark said this he turned his head to the mirror behind him and gave a thumbs up. The door opened loudly startling Mia causing her to jump a bit. In came a police officer carrying a large evidence bag. Inside was the bloodied chainsaw that Mia recognised instantly. Mia couldn't help but half smile at seeing her trusty companion again, you set me free . Mia wanted that attached to her arm instead of what she currently had. Mark noticed Mia's reaction and gave her a stern look, Mia quickly returned the look, almost mocking him. The officer carefully placed the bag on the table, in front of Mark and Mia. Mark pulled him to the side and whispered something in his ear, \"About the other thing-\" The officer nodded and quickly left leaving the door open. \"That look on your face was that nostalgia?\" Marks look gave it all away. I fucking got you, that's what that look said. \"Just maybe. But not for the reason you think. That chainsaw helped me through a difficult time. Now if it's all right with you I'd like to talk to a lawyer.\" Mia was half playing along now. \"Just one second. We found something else that may jog your memory.\" The officer then came back in carrying another evidence bag, smaller this time. Inside it was, oh god please no! . The officer slammed the necronomicon down on the table making Mia jump once more, this time out of true fear. Fear that history would repeat itself. \"Easy Jefferson, don't go damaging police evidence, you know this is our friend here's diary. It's got some dirty sketches in too, and not the good kind.\" Mark giggled at his own immature joke, Jefferson however just gave a disgusted look and left slamming the door behind him. \"Jesus who woke up on the one side of bed this morning.\" Mark said scratching his forehead and grinning. He picked up the evidence bag removing the necronomicon placing it in front of Mia. He used one hand and pushed it towards her. Panicking Mia stood up kicking the chair over as she did, it hit the floor with a loud clang. \"Jesus Christ, what does this thing come with some disease I don't know about?\" Mark sounded annoyed. No doubt he didn't understand any of this. He knew deep down that Mia didn't seem to be the kind of girl to have butchered all her friends and her brother. He gave Mia a concerned look now like he was worried about her. \"You don't know the half of what that book can do.\" Mia trembled with fear. She turned away as if even looking at the book would cause the entire room to set ablaze and both of them would be burned alive. Mark sighed, stood up and walked round the table towards her. He tried to place a hand on her shoulder put she flinched. \"Don't you fucking touch me.\" \"Listen you stay here tonight. At least think things through, it's safe here. You can get yourself a lawyer in the morning.\" Mia turned to face Mark, she was shaking like a leaf. She nodded \"Sure, but you get that thing locked up in a safe. Jesus it's fucking cold in here.\" Mark gave a warm smile which comforted Mia a little bit, \"Jefferson get in here!\" Jefferson poked his head around the door, \"Yes sir?\" \"Show Mia to her cell she's staying here tonight.\" Jefferson rolled his eyes and then motioned with his arms for Mia to follow. Just before she was about to leave she hesitated, \"I know you're just doing your job.\" She smiled and left. A moment later and Jefferson entered the interrogation room again alone. Mark was still sitting at the table his legs crossed. He scratched his chin examining the photos, he kept glancing at the chainsaw and then finally his eyes landed on the necronomicon, his eyes held there. There was something about this book that was so interesting. Horrifying but interesting at the same time. Could Mia have made this? The questions swarmed in his head, then finally he gave in. He picked up the book and studied the disturbing cover. He ran his fingers over the face, it felt almost like leather. Then Mark realised, human skin . \"Hey Jefferson I don't think I'll make it for that drink tonight. Got some new reading material.\" Mark opened the book.[Chapter 3] I would like to thank the person that Favorited and the two people who put up reviews. I am trying to get at least one chapter up once a week but because of school that may be difficult. So if a chapter hasn't been posted in a week just hang in there. This chapter was meant to be longer but I'm proud of it anyway. Next chapter will be a Ash chapter. Hope you enjoy! Please in the reviews suggest improvements since I am not really a writer, just trying to have fun :) Chapter 3 - Kunda Her cell wasn't exactly what Mia would call home. The walls were rotten with multiple stains on them. The bed didn't have any sheets, but at least Mia felt slightly safe, even though she was basically trapped in a box. On the plus side it looked a lot worse then it smelled. As long as Mark locked that book up and threw away the key then it would be all be fine. Mia felt something crawl up her throat causing her to gag. She stood up, half tripped her way to the toilet in the corner of the room and threw up. The nerves were obviously getting to her. She needed to sit down, her head was like a bomb about to explode. Mia sat on the floor next to the toilet her legs crossed, she had her prosthetic hand on the toilet seat. She sighed and rested her head on her arm closing her eyes. She tried to think of the good times. She remembered when she drew that picture of the cabin, just before everything went to shit. She was always good at art though her teachers would disagree. Fuck them. She used to do portraits of all her friends who would always be amazed at her drawings. Mia sometimes thought they were bullshitting though. At one point she had thought about setting up some kind of business where she would sell her paintings; but then David left. Mom got sick not long after that. Then began the slow descent into depression and heroin began to run her life. Whatever she did after that, it was for the drugs. She was like a lost puppy, looking for her purpose in life, and that purpose was to get a fix before the sun set. Mia could feel herself drifting off into sleep. Peace at last. Mia let herself fall to the floor and stared up at the ceiling one last time before letting herself drift away. \"Mia...\" She awoke to a disembodied voice calling her name through the darkness. She must have been asleep for a long time as before the lights had been on, now everything was as black as night. Mia sat up letting her eyes adjust to the darkness that engulfed her. Mia yawned, unsure if she had actually heard the voice or if it was in her head. \"Who's there?\" Mia said sounding groggy. She could just make out a shape moving in the cell across from her; still too dark to see exactly, but she could tell it was human. \"It's Nick, you remember me?\" Nick sounded Irritated. Mia stood up and approached the bars of her cell. Now knowing Nick's voice was coming from the shape moving in the distance made her relax a little. She moved her head forward trying to get a better view. \"Of course, you're the one who saved me, right?\" Mia stared at the silhouette and she could feel it staring back. This unnerved her. she didn't like not knowing the look that someone was giving her, especially if she knew they were staring right at her. Nick stood still, dead. Then he turned and faced the wall. He lifted his hand clenched his fist and started hitting the wall repeatedly. He grunted as he hit harder and harder. \"THOSE FUCKING BASTARDS!\" Nick screamed, this send shivers down Mia's spine. This didn't feel like the same person who had picked Mia up when she was bleeding to death. This man who had promised Mia hope, so full of confidence, had now been reduced to this. Mia shook at the sound of his knuckles making contact with the wall, why is he so pissed? \"Nick please calm down, whats gotten into you?\" Mia's voice was the sound of utter concern. This poor man had been dragged into this. It's all my fault. Has the last faint light in Mia's life been snuffed out? \"Whatever it is you're going through, trust me I've dealt with worse. We can get out of this, together.\" Mia lifted her arms and waved frantically trying to get his attention. Nothing seemed to work, he kept hitting and hitting. Finally he gave up and let himself fall to the ground into a ball like position, not unlike what Mia had done on the road. It was hard to tell if he was crying, his hands covered his face, but he did start to rock back and forth. \"They interrogated me. That fucking cop threatened to ruin my life if I didn't provide evidence or come up with something.\" Nick's voice was thick as he lay on the floor motionless. Despite everything Mia couldn't help think that everything might be okay. She had fought and killed demons; what could one lousy cop possibly do that would be more difficult then that. She did however feel sorry for Nick, \"We're going to be okay, you just have to trust me.\" Mia promised herself that they would get through this. Nick sat up and looked in Mia's direction, though he couldn't see her he could sense her. He slowly got to his feet and walked over to the bars that imprisoned him. He placed his head against them and they were cold, just like the rest of his cell. He could see the outline of Mia doing the same thing across from him. Nick thought he could just make out a smile in the darkness, he smiled back weakly. Silence hung in the air as the pair looked at each other, unable to make out their distinguishing features. \"Do you like your new hand?\" Nick said enthusiastically. He looked down grinning, he could easily tell which one it was. The one he had given her had huge, sausage like fingers, that even in the dark stood out. Mia stood back in surprise. It took her a while to process, she frowned, \"You?\" why has he done this? \"Hey it seemed like you needed a hand.\" Nick smiled at his own stupid joke. Just as Mia was about to respond a switch could be heard being flipped somewhere down the quite hallway, and all the cells started to light up one by one. Mia and Nick both sheltered their eyes from the blinding light. Mia squinted her eyes and grumbled in frustration. She could finally see Nick again after all this time, his eyes were red indicating he hadn't been able to get a lot of sleep while he had been locked in here; unlike Mia who didn't want to do anything apart from sleep. Nick barely recognised Mia since she was dressed like a normal human being now. Nick could now see clearly the prosthetic hand in place where he had treated Mia's stump not that long ago. Nick closed his eyes and remembered how he felt when he had first seen her; he was mostly scared, as this girl looked like something straight from the depths of hell. He tried to feel empathy for Mia, but he doubted he had ever been in a situation quite like the one see had been in. The darkness was gone now, replaced with blinding white light. Mia and Nick gave each other a confused look as someone was quickly approaching, footsteps echoed down the hallway each step getting a little louder. Mark stopped in between Mia and Nick's cells, he turned to look at Mia his dark eyes staring into her's. Mia felt uncomfortable as Mark kept his eyes fixed on her with a sinister smile. \"We're going to have a little chat kid.\" Mark's voice was different from before. It was still his voice but he sounded more aggressive then he had been. \"Are you not even going to acknowledge me you fuck?\" Nick said from behind Mark, Mia was unable to see him due to Mark's hight. \"Well the thing is I don't really care about you.\" Mark said tonelessly without even turning to look at Nick, his eyes were fixed on unlocking the door to Mia's cell. Mark didn't seem to know which key went into Mia's cell as he kept trying to fit each one into the lock, while his hands shook. Mia noticed this and her heart started to beat faster, he's read it I can tell . Finally he reached the right key and opened the door. Mia backed away to the wall of the cell her hands up guarding herself. Mark stood there for a second, he could tell Mia was scared and Mia knew exactly what had happened. \"What's going on here?\" A confused Nick said from behind Mark. Nick was still locked in his cell but he was eager as ever to escape. \"Don't trust him Nick, he ain't him any more.\" Mia said glancing over to look at Nick. When she looked back at Mark he had completely changed. His eyes were now completely white, and as he smiled a black liquid fell from his mouth. Mia stared into his soulless eyes, now fully trembling with fear. \"We missed you!\" The figure that used to be Mark started to childishly giggle, like a toddler would if he just saw something funny. His voice was now nothing like what it was before. Now it was inhuman, just like his eyes. \"Your going down bitch!\" Mark lunged for Mia his arms raised ready to attack. Mia screamed and Nick stood up, eyes widened and his mouth dropped. \"What the fuck is going on!\" Nick said panicking, his hands on his head. Mark grabbed Mia by the throat and started to throttle her. He violently started to shake her head, and pressed his thumbs down harder trying to crush her throat. The more Mia struggled the more his smile grew; all of this was just fun to him. He didn't have to instantly kill her. He took great pleasure in making her suffer. Mia struggled trying to lift her arms, but it was no use. Maybe I should just let it drain the life out of me, just to get it over with. No I've come to far to die like this . \"Get off her you motherfucker!\" Nick was now enraged, shaking on the bars of his cell. With one final burst of energy Mia kicked Mark as hard as she could in the kneecap. This sent him falling backwards onto the floor, still laughing. Mia didn't hesitate and rushed over to the body and lifted her leg. \"Wait, just so you know she waits for you. You know who I'm talking about, bitch!\" Mark said in his demonic voice. \"Send her my regards.\" Mia then stomped as hard as she could on Mark's head and there was a loud crunch. Mia held her foot in place for a long time before lifting it back up again. \"Still alive junkie whore!\" Mark's head was slightly caved in at the top revealing his skull, blood slowly trickled off what was left of his scalp. \"Fuck you!\" Mia slammed her foot down then lifted it back up, she repeated this for around a minute while Nick just stared in horror. He vomited in the corner of his cell. The sound of him retching made Mia stop as she realised that she had done all that she could do. Mia didn't feel anything. She knew she should but she couldn't, even if she tried. Instead she sat on her bed and just stared at the corpse in front of her. She used her human hand to wipe the sweat that was now rolling off her forehead. Mark's body looked completely normal past the neck, but the head was alien now. Skull, bone, brain and hair was all that was left of Mark's face, all of that in a pool of blood. His head was squished like a pancake. Mia could feel that Nick was watching her now. He lay in his cell with his back against the wall. The air was filled with tension now and Nick watching Mia made her uneasy. I don't blame him he doesn't understand . \"You're a monster...\" Nick's words stabbed Mia like a knife. She slowly turned her head to make eye contact with Nick. Her gaze made him look away, he didn't know what this women was capable of. Nick knew deep down that Mia was doing the right thing to protect them both. But that scene would be stuck in his head forever. Mia repeatedly landing her foot down on Mark's face like some deranged animal. Every time her shoe make contact blood was send flying in a mini explosion of red. \"I know.\" Mia said in a voice that reminded Nick of what Mark had sounded like, but this time it was human. Thank god. Mia used the keys that Mark had with him and she unlocked Nick's cell. He seemed reluctant at first but then followed Mia. They were now standing in an empty but bright hallway, with cells on either side and a door at the end. There were no guards, no sign of life from anywhere. Suddenly the door at the end opened. A man with Dark hair and brown eyes came in and looked at them, intrigued. Mia jumped when she noticed that he also was missing one of his hands, and in its place was a chainsaw coated with blood. He also wore a cap that had a quote, \"Shop smart, shop s-mart\" He focused intently on Mia and didn't even look at Nick. \"I'm guessing that you must be Mia.\" He said with a charming grin. \"I-I am.\" Mia was now confused. Curiosity filled his brown eyes as he studied Mia head to toe. He looked at her prosthetic hand and smirked. \"Groovy..\"[Chapter 4] Sorry for the wait. School is really starting to kick in now, on the bright side this is the longest chapter I have done. I hope to beat this length next time. The story is now going to start going into Ash chapters and Mia chapters. This first Ash chapter will be a flashback one, and don't worry it will be made clear what kind of chapter it is. I will try my best to make each chapter from each character seem like from their POV, without going into first person though. I might also do Mia flashback chapters, I have at least one of those planned. Hope you guys like, thank you! UPDATE 27/10/14 : So sorry everyone who is still reading this. I know it hasn't been updated in a long time but honestly there was a good reason. About a month ago I finished writing chapter 5 then my PC broke, yea great timing. Like literally just cut to black and it wouldn't turn on. So I have been trying to remember what I wrote for chapter 5(basically just remaking it) and I have been using my slow as hell, terrible laptop that will freeze up if you use it to much. Also I have been planning out the future chapters and have kind of draw where this section of the story is going. I have planned ahead like the next 5 chapters, so once I start posting chapters they should just keep coming for a bit :) If you stick around you should see chapter 5 before Halloween or on it. Latest the 1st of november. Chapter 4 - Hell Hound :ASH FLASHBACK \"I slept too long!\" Ash screamed to the top of his lungs. Tears streaked down his face as he let all of his sorrow take control. Demonic cry's could be heard in the distance responding to his screams. He dropped to his knees and looked out at what he presumed was downtown London, or what was left of it at least. Ash was silent and listened, nothing. Ash couldn't hear anything, no birds, not even the noise of cars driving along the road. The silence hung in the air like a bad smell. Ash thought long and hard about what could of happened. Maybe everyone is dead, or worse maybe everyone has become a Deadite? Could he be the last human to walk on planet earth? One thing he was sure of is that it looked like humanity had fought a war and lost, big time. Ash was on top of a hill with rubble and scrap littered by his feet; in the distance were burned out cars with greenery growing inside and around them. This place looked to be dead for a long time. Ash saw body's in the distance, only they weren't corpses, they were skeletons without flesh; the rotten body's lay on the road and stretched out into the distance. Ash felt like he was a visitor on a extraterrestrial planet. Clouds of red dust filled the orange sky and a blood red moon sat overhead, only it wasn't nighttime or it could have been, Ash wasn't sure. Buildings and skyscrapers that Ash didn't recognize or that hadn't been built in his time filled the London skyline. None of this mattered because most buildings had caved in or were slanted and looked like they could tumble at any moment. He realized that he had slept right to the end of humanity, but when the hell was that? Ash's eye caught something he recognized on the dirt ground, a newspaper. Ash checked the headline \"London's last stand.\" and the date read, \"22nd August 2086\" more tears grew in Ash's eyes. A great terror grew inside him, maybe it's my fault? If I had just remembered to take the right amount of drops maybe all of this could of been prevented? He began to read on, \"London is the seventh city left standing. World leaders are meeting with Deadite forces to try and come to terms. In other news ration supply's are running low...\" Ash couldn't read anymore and let the paper fall from his metallic hand. \"I just got to get a grip of myself.\" He said out loud placing his hand on his forehead. I'll find survivors, there has got to be survivors. Ash only just noticed the giant beard that had formed on his chin, And maybe find a barbers. He smiled just a little bit at the thought of jumping out of that cave in his own time looking like a bum. He then pushed the thought out of his head as it only made him more depressed, he missed people. He couldn't remember how long it had been since he had seen or talked to a normal person. Ash began to walk deeper into the heart of London. As he walked he grew uncomfortable and it felt like he was being watched from the shattered windows above. Every few seconds he would stop and listen hoping to catch the sound of anything. It was hard to believe that at one point these streets would have been packed with people rushing to work and chatting among themselves. Ash wondered what it must have felt like, to have everything normal ripped away and be replaced with hell on earth. Ash must have been walking for a long time now, at least a few hours and he had found nothing. The color of the sky remained the same and it never got any darker than it already was. Nearly each building was at least half destroyed or had its windows smashed in. Maybe there were looters at the beginning of the apocalypse? There was definitely mass panic as vehicles had crashed into the side of shops, others had flipped over. Ash couldn't shake the heavy feeling of something out of the ordinary. Like any minute he could be pounced on. Out the corner of his eyes he thought he saw something move in one of the shop windows, he turned and inspected the shop. Ash recognized it well and looked up to see a enormous sign, \"S-Mart\"The S was slightly hanging off the sign. Ash died a little inside when he saw the state of it. Having worked in one of these places himself it annoyed him when he realized the damage the poor thing had went through. Even though his job had been in a Michigan shop not a London one he couldn't help but grow angry. He felt like he had just lost a close friend. Everyone had always mocked him about how excited he got working in a place that only paid him enough to keep him alive. \"You fucking bastards. You're all going to pay!\" Ash cried out. Something scurried past the shop window disappearing down one of the aisle. The whole back of the shop was swallowed in darkness. Ash wouldn't dare enter, he was unarmed. He knew he shouldn't but he decided to provoke whatever was hiding. \"Come out you cock sucking son of a bitch!\" \"I'll suck on your soul!\" A demonic beast roared back. It sprinted through one of the front windows that was still intact, glass cut into the overweight demons skin as it exploded onto the pavement in front of Ash. It easily towered above Ash and looked down on him with emotionless eyes. \"Oh come on!\" Ash was more fed up then scared. These Deadites had taken everything from him, he had nothing to lose. The Deadite approached him, but Ash didn't back away. As hard as he could he punched the Deadite in the stomach with his metallic hand hoping that would achieve something. The only reaction Ash got was a small grunt and then a punch in the face which sent him flying backwards into some bins. The creature chuckled at Ash's misfortune, and started to slowly walk towards him. The creatures legs were thick like tree trunks. Ash sat up and quickly tried to think of something that might save him, \"Were you this fat when you were human?\" Ash remarked. \"You don't know when you are beat do you?\" The creature lifted it's fist above Ash's head, getting ready to squash it like a bug. Ash closed his eyes awaiting the inevitable, \"Go ahead. Make my day!\" The longest seconds of Ash's life past and then a gunshot. He felt a warm familiar liquid drench his face and hair. He opened his eyes and looked up to see that the arm of the demon had been completely blown off and a angry expression grew on his face. The Deadite turned his head in the direction of the shot. In front of the S-mart stood a woman wearing a worn jacket and blue jeans. She had dark hair, brown eyes and looked to be in her late 30's. Ash recognized the weapon as it was a very similar make to his shotgun he had back in medieval times and at the cabin. The Deadite seemed shocked and turned his attention to the woman, \"You cunt, I will destroy you!\" The woman wasn't affected by the Deadite's insults. \"Come on then you fat bitch!\" The woman taunted with a British accent, she had her shotgun aimed at the ready with a determined expression. Ash had the feeling this woman knew what she was doing. The beast began to advance towards her slowly as if her death could wait, \"That was the arm I kill with you whore.\" The woman aimed the shotgun at the Deadites head, \"This is for the last of us\" and with that she fired. The top half of the demons head was blown straight off and blood erupted from the temple, covering Ash in one last coat. The Deadites body fell to the ground. \"Thanks..\" Ash said half serious half sarcastic because of the mess he was now in. \"No problem, I deal with this shit all the time.\" She said. She walked over to Ash and stared at him on the ground. She was amused at the state he was in, torn clothes, long beard all while covered in sticky blood. She extended her arm to help him off the ground, Ash accepted and was pulled up. Ash stood up fairly quickly and studied the woman. She obviously was experienced in killing Deadite scum, she must have adapted to living in a world like this. Even Ash who had fought so many of these creatures, was unnerved at the fact a human being could still be living deep inside the body of the possessed. He tried hard not to think about that as it made the killing easier. Maybe she is with a group? \"Name's Ash, princess.\" Ash said still trying to be cool, even though in this world that probably won't get you anywhere. The woman slapped him, \"I'm Courtney and don't be calling me princess after I just saved your ass.\" Ash held his cheek, \"Jesus! Sorry guess I misjudged you kid.\" Courtney lifted her hand to slap again, \"Did you just call me k-\" \"Sorry sorry please, just don't hit me again!\" Ash lifted his arms to cover himself. \"Fine, old man\" Courtney smiled slyly, Ash grumbled in response. Ash had enough of this messing around. He had to find a way to get to his own time again. This time hopefully for good. He was sick and tired of always being the victim. The Devils little puppet. Ash looked almost pleading at Courtney, \"Please say you are not out here on your own, you must have a group right?\" Ash was sure that she must have a group. Even he couldn't survive out here on his own; a Deadite would probably kill him while he slept. \"Of course I'm with a group!\" Courtney said, in a way that made Ash feel like he was the biggest idiot for asking. Ash rolled his eyes, \"Well are you going to lead the way, or are we going to wait for more of those parasites to try something?\" Courtney laughed at his frustration, \"Sure and I'll do you one better, we will cut that horrific beard for you.\" Ash thought he misheard her, \"Do you have designated barbers in your little survival group?\" \"Just shut up and follow.\" And with that she started walking towards the S-mart store. Ash grabbed her shoulder to make her stop. \"What the fuck is wrong with you, the Deadite came from there?\" Ash said pulling her closer. Courtney pushed him back, \"Yea, our group is hiding out in the back of the store. If it wasn't for you we would probably be dead by now.\" \"Oh...\" Ash looked on into the dark store past the counters, and stared curiously at the dirty selves. There were no products for sale, all of the shelves had been picked clean. \"Fucking vultures...\" Ash muttered not realizing he had thought out loud. Courtney looked at him as if he had completely lost his mind. She noticed that he seemed to be in some sort of trance. He stared at the inside of the store angrily his face was red. Was he about to cry? \"Ummm...Ash?\" Courtney broke his trance. Ash blinked to get rid of the tears that infested his eyes. He sniffed and looked down to his feet, not wanting Courtney to see into his eyes he turned away from her. \"I'm going to need a moment...\" Ash finally said sounding emotional. \"You shitting me?\" Courtney was confused as to why he was so upset. He acted like he just lost a loved one. Ash didn't respond to Courtney's question and instead just stood there , his back to her. Courtney sighed and placed the shotgun back in the holster that was attached to her backpack. She looked up and down the road to make sure that no Deadites would attack him while he had his moment. She smiled at the thought that people would be looking left and right at a road not long ago, though not for the same reasons. She opened her mouth to speak, but then closed it. He seemed to be in some kind of state, she needed to say the right thing. \"Listen, you take some time to get yourself sorted out. Just come in when you are ready and knock exactly four times on the back door. It has to be exactly four times or else they won't open it. Just look for the red doorknob\" Courtney hoped he would say something. But all she got in response was a nod. She couldn't say anything else and shook her head, turned and entered the store. Ash knew he was losing it, nearly crying, no was crying over a store. But he had worked somewhere so similar and it all just felt like home to him. Ash shook his head. Come on pull yourself together, stop being a wimp. He was sure of one thing, they were going to pay. All of them. Ash turned, his head still down at his feet. He stopped before entering and looked up at the damaged sign one last time, \"No more.\" He hurried into the shop. The inside smelled like death, as corpses littered the aisle. Plants had grown on the inside and whatever was left began to rot. It took him a while to find the back door as there was no light. Ash didn't really blame them, can't risk giving away their location to a horde from hell. Flies buzzed in the air, obviously attracted to the body's, or the stench of something similar to excrement. It didn't matter the source of the smell. Whatever it was, it made Ash's stomach churn. Eventually Ash made out a red shape in the dark and knocked very faintly on the door four times. Ash half hoped they didn't hear. He didn't know these people, Maybe they were bad news? The door opened with a creek to reveal a small boy who couldn't have been older than ten. Ash was surprised and questioned why they had a kid on door duty. Then he realized the 9mm that stuck out of the young boy's shorts. The boy looked past Ash possibly making sure he wasn't followed. He then looked up at him with eyes that reminded Ash of himself, they were brown like his. His hair was also very dirty, not unlike Ash's. \"You Ash?\" The boy questioned in a whisper. Ash thought the kid was trying to make himself sound older then he actually was. \"No, it's Santa Clause. Look is Courtney here or what?\" The young boy seemed puzzled by his sarcastic remark. But he nodded and opened the door all the way to reveal a brightly lit room. He urged with his hand for Ash to follow quickly, \"Hurry!\" Ash entered the room and heard the boy close the door behind him locking it as well. The room wasn't that big and was only lit by one light bulb on the ceiling. In one corner of the room there were crates filled with canned food, which might of been the groups main supply. At the back of the room was a door that Ash presumed led to some back alley behind the shop. Ash was confused and looked back at the little boy who stood arms crossed against the door he came in. His eyes were straight forward, like a solider waiting for orders. Ash shrugged and walked towards the door at the end of the room. \"Stop!\" Ash turned to see that the little boy had lifted his pistol and had it aimed at him. Though he did seem to be shaking a little bit, perhaps he had never fired a gun at a person before. \"Look I know you aren't going to shoot me, just tell me what's going on.\" Ash questioned, unsure if this boy would actually have the guts to fire. \"Courtney said to for you to wait here. So you wait here!\" The boy still had the 9 mm aimed, his finger on the trigger. Ash began to grow curious, \"What you all got behind that door that's so special?\" Ash got no response, the boy just stared right at him wide eyed. Though he seemed to have been giving orders, Ash was sure he wasn't capable of going through with them. He decided to take the risk and turned to walk towards the door. He placed his hand on it. \"Hey!\" Ash ignored the boy and opened the door, and was greeted by the smell of the apocalyptic wasteland. He looked up and couldn't believe what he saw. His mouth dropped and a sense of hopelessness filled his body as he looked upon the terrible sight. \"Jesus Christ...\" Groups of tents filled the parking lot that was surrounded by a huge concrete wall. There were many soldiers all of which were carrying assault rifle's and wore riot suits, but that isn't what shocked Ash. What shocked him was the piles and piles of dead body's. All of them seemed to be organised and corpses were being carried out of tents and thrown on the piles. It seemed there was a pile for each large tent. He figured they couldn't risk burning them because that would attract Deadites. Then the smell hit him. The smell of hundreds of dead body's decaying. Ash felt faint and he dropped to his knees and fell down the steps his head landed on a human skull. Ash woke up in one of the tents, he instantly knew because of the smell still being present. He looked up to see Courtney entering the tent with a cup in her hand she smiled only slightly at seeing him awake. Ash felt a little more safe when he saw her, the soldiers outside were too intimidating. Courtney approached him and knelt down. She offered the cup, \"It's the closest to coffee your going to get around here.\" Ash looked at the liquid inside the cup, it looked just like water but with particles of dirt. He was about to refuse but then he realized he couldn't remember the last time he had a drink. He reluctantly took the cup from her. Courtney's smile was the only thing Ash liked about this place, even if it was a fake one. \"Welcome to zone three.\" ","Summary":" Hello everyone, today I am having a go at doing a Evil Dead Fanfiction that is a direct continuatio"},{"Movie":"Evil Dead Army of Darkness","Title":"One by One","Author":"Autistic Writer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9573349","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello everyone, this is my first attempt at an Evil Dead fanfic. I was inspired by both the remake and the original movies for making this fanfic. I am not sure which story this fanfic will follow but I should warn you that the characters I am making in the story are fan made and don't have any connects to the characters in the movies. However, I will say that I hope to impress people with my fanfic. Well, enough of me rambling; here is the first chapter of One by One. Also, the first chapter of the story is merely stating the location of where they are and not because of another horror film of the same name. Disclaimer: I don't own Evil Dead. Chapter one: I Fear the Woods \"It only started a few years ago\" one person said. There were two men talking in a bar at night time. One of the men wore a cowboy hat while the other had a beard and glasses on. Both of them were having a beer and having a few laughs. \"What do you mean? About that legend about that evil book in the woods\" the other man said \"Yea, some call it a legend, but few say it a bedtime story parents say to their kids in hopes that they learn to stay out of the woods\" the man with the hat said \"What's with kids these days? Can't they learn to keep out of places like that\" The bearded man said \"You know teens, think with their genitals instead of their heads\" the guy with the hat said. \"Yea, you said it. I think I saw a group of teens go in there just yesterday\" the other guy said \"Really, well they're goners\" The guy with the hat said drinking some more. The bartender smirked hearing the conversation and suddenly he looked up to the person running in. He dropped his mug as it crashed on the floor seeing the two men getting up seeing the teen looking at them. He was covered in blood and his glasses had several streams of blood on him. He was freaking out more than a discovered raccoon. \"HELP ME\" He screamed as his body shook looking at everyone as his whole body seemed like it was covered with blood. The two men ran up to the teen as he sinked to the floor seeing the bartender call for the police and the two men seeing the boy in shock as they looked at him and came to his aid. \"Boy, what's your name\" The man with the beard said \"Noah, Noah Hamilton\" the teen cried out before blacking out \"Noah, Noah. Wake up\" a voice called out to Noah as he suddenly woke up and heard the class laughing at Noah. It had been 2 years since Noah went with his brother and his three girlfriends to the cabin in the woods. Those woods that haunted his mind for years; the things he saw, the beings he met, the mental images that have scarred him for so long. He woke up to stare at his teacher Mr. Sanderson in the face. \"After class\" Mr. Sanderson said to him Noah looked down feeling ashamed, he feel asleep in class again. He looked at everyone, laughing at him as he shook his head in guilt. He saw Mr. Sanderson continuing the lesson as he knew he had to confront him afterwards. After class, Noah stood in front of his teacher's desk as Mr. Sanderson wasn't happy. \"Look Noah, I am going to get to the point. You know it's not right to be sleeping in my class\" he said \"It's not my fault, it's just…\" Noah looked at him ready to pound on Mr. Sanderson's desk \"You've been having those dreams again haven't you? About the cabin in the woods, about your brother and his friends and that make believe story\" Mr. Sanderson called out \"It's not make-believe, I know I saw it happen\" Noah cried out \"Look, you can stop making up lies. I know of the story of how your father dismembered your brother and his 'friends' and he tried to kill you as well. You need to get over it\" He said \"Sleeping in my class is not a credible solution to your problem\" Noah was about to hit him. He was tired of people not being him. He was covered in blood; he had been saved by those people in the bar. What else was he suppose to do? Noah sighed as he decided to do the one thing he usual does when people didn't believe him, go along with it. \"Fine\" Noah looked at him \"What now\" \"Well, since you are the greatest student in my class and try to keep everyone up by doing their homework. I will let it slide, but if you do this stunt again. I will put you in detention. Do you understand?\" Mr. Sanderson said \"Yes\" Noah said as took his bag and walked outside the classroom. As he walked outside, he tripped on the floor and heard people laughing at him. He knew this person was his usual bully, Ashton McDuram. The kid sporting a Mohawk and wore the usual jock uniform. He usual bullied Noah despite what happened to him. Even though they are in the same grade, Ashton still picks on him. \"Where you going, geek?\" Ashton smirked \"None of your business, idiot\" Noah said before getting slammed on a locker as he looked at Ashton \"What did you call me Noahhhh\" he said before getting his ear pulled by a girl \"I suggest you put him down Ashton\" the woman said \"Mackenzie, hey girl\" Ashton said to her as he was moaning in pain a little bit \"Put him down, now\" Mackenzie glared at him \"Ahh ok then, chill\" he put Noah down \"Sorry about my boyfriend, he can be a bit of a dick sometimes\" Mackenzie said chewing some gum as Noah sighed. \"You're still coming with us tonight right\" \"I don't know I kind of have homework to do\" Noah said as he looked at her \"O pleases o pleases, pleases come\" she pleaded \"Ok ok fine\" Noah surrendered \"Thanks\" she said before kissing his cheek and running to her boyfriend, who was flipping his middle finger at him and glaring the 'you're dead' look. Noah sighed as he knew Mackenzie Tyson well. She was the popular girl and head cheerleader. It was a custom that the head cheerleader had to date a jock of the baseball team. However, he knew Mackenzie didn't like him and heard she was going to break up with him after their 'trip'. Noah walked to the front door seeing Hank and Miley Pearson his two best friends. Hank was Miley's little brother. Hank was often the one who spied on the woman's locker room and did may vulgar things that made others uncomfortable. Noah hid this from Miley to help Hank out. In their eyes, Hank was a good person, but Noah knew Hank was bad inside. Miley was his best friend. Even though Miley wasn't in his class, Miley was the smartest girl in school. He often questioned why she was single, but he looked past it as Noah noticed she was getting closer and closer to him. The horn-rimmed glasses wearing girl seemed nervous when she was close to him, but Noah shook it off knowing Miley wasn't into him in that way. What he didn't know that she had her own reasoning for befriending him. \"Hey Noah\" Hank smirked \"Yea, hi Noah\" Miley shyly said \"Hey you guys, waiting on the couple now\" Noah sighed waiting for Ashton and Mackenzie \"Yea\" they both said \"Just don't make out again\" Noah said as Hank and Miley knew he referred to the night when Hank and Miley were drunk and made out with one another and Noah video taped them. \"That's not funny dude\" Hank glared \"Yea, it isn't\" Miley blushed looking at Noah \"Ah, why are we going with these idiots, I thought we were going up alone\" a voice called out \"We need someone to come with us and party\" the other said as it was Ashton and Mackenzie Noah smiled as he saw them and saw Mackenzie winking at him. Miley saw Noah smiling at her and gripped her fingers as Hank calmed her down and stopped her. \"We'll be right there\" Hank stopped his sister and looked at her \"Look sis, I know why you came along on this trip\" Hank looked at her \"To find our older sister\" She said \"Funny, I thought it was to lose your V card to Noah\" Hank chuckled \"That's not funny and not true\" Miley glared at Hank feeling flustered \"Ah come on, that's not what you moaned on your birthday\" Hank smirked \"I thought I heard his name as well\" She saw her brother chuckling and Miley felt embarrassed \"Look, you tell him about what happened about that moment and I will disown you as my brother\" \"Hey, you're the one, who isn't going to tell him that you like him and you think about him in that way\" He smirked \"Just trying to be supportive\" \"Well, be supportive in another way\" She blushed \"I was only joking\" he laughed \"O you little\" she chased after him running in the car with everyone going on the trip. Noah sat in the backseat looking at Mackenzie checking him out. Hank and Miley sat near Noah as Ashton glared at Noah and started to drive off. \"Hey, where are we going for this trip\" Noah looked at everyone \"O, you will see, it will be a big shock. Found this location from an anonymous email\" Ashton chuckled to Noah's confusion. Noah looked outside as he saw a familiar town and didn't know where they were going at first. When they were reaching toward the entrance of the forest seeing them, driving into it. Noah started to fear and think 'don't turn left, don't turn left'. His fears were realized as they turned left and Noah gulped seeing the familiar cabin. He saw the dark shadows in the woods, which he had feared. Noah looked like he was ready to through up as he stared upon the place in which he had been to, so many years ago. Hey this is the end of the chapter. Wow it sucks to be them right now. I see our potential victims… I mean character in the next chapter. What do you think will happen? Did you like it or dislike it. Give me your reviews on it and I will see what I could fix in the following chapter.[Chapter 2] Well, I wonder how this story will turn out. I still think that people will enjoy this story as well. Don't worry; there will be mentions of the Evil Dead characters. I am sure Deadites will be involved with this story. So, what's an Evil Dead fanfic without Deadites? So, enjoy this chapter. Disclaimer: I don't own Evil Dead. Chapter 2: The Book of the Dead The others were having a hard time getting Noah into the cabin due to the fact that he almost ran into the woods upon seeing the cabin they were using. Hank had to grab Noah on his shoulder while the others were grabbing their gear to spend a weekend in this cabin. As they got inside, it smelt horrible. Like skunks if they had a horrible case of gas and mix it with several dead bodies. Ashton unloaded the things making his way towards one of the rooms. Mackenzie was making her way to the bathroom to put on makeup. Hank was unloading stuff as well. Miley was staring at Noah, who she feared wasn't doing so well. Noah really didn't want to be here at this moment. This was the same place his brother died. How could they think to take him to this place? It was so horrid and wretched that he didn't even know why he was there to begin with. Noah began looking around as Miley sat down. \"Umm, Noah are you ok\" Miley tried to calm her best friend down. \"No, I really need to get out of here\" He sat down looking at Miley feeling scared out of his mind. \"O come on, it can't be that bad. We just got here and I really want to spend time with you\" She playfully smiled at him \"Pleases, I umm really need to show you what's in that room\" Miley pointed to the room in the corner. \"There's nothing in that room but a bed, a closet and a few lights\" Noah questioned her \"I really need you to see something about me\" She smirked playfully as Noah was unaware of her intentions. Mackenzie sighed knowing what was going to happen to the both of them as suddenly she was grabbed by Ashton. \"Hey babe, let's have some fun of our own\" He winked kissing her cheek \"Seriously\" She groaned as she tried to walk away \"Ah, come on I am sorry what happened between us, but I really want to make it up to you\" He begged \"Fine, just one time ok\" She shook her head walking into the other room with him going to regret what she was about to do. Hank couldn't stay at the cabin because he really didn't want to hear any type of love the two couples were about to break out. He couldn't spy on them either. He decided to take a walk in the scary woods that was outside the cabin. The woods seemed danger and mysterious. Something about them gave an ominous feeling of horror and fright. Mackenzie felt unsatisfied as she lifted herself out of the bed. She saw how exhausted he was as she shook her head. There were many things wrong with their relationship of how they were both too different. Even though he was good at sports, he wasn't the greatest lover in bed at all. Whoever said it was how you use it, surely didn't meet Ashton. She walked out of the room wearing her clothes again as she looked to the other room seeing Noah and Miley asleep after they experienced the same thing together. She wasn't sure how it was but guessed it must have been enjoyable. She stepped back looking around as she was going to be bored as hell. Hank wasn't there as he was still on the walk. She was about to join him when she saw something she never seen before. It was a door underneath the house. It looked like those trap doors you would see in horror games. Using her strength, she lifted the small couch from the spot and opened the door. The lock that was on the door had been unlocked recently and saw how dark the place was. Using Ashton's flashlight, she smelt the bad smell was coming from down in the cellar. Mackenzie felt a hint of fright as it was too dark to see anything despite the flash light shining into things. She was about to take off when she saw a book on a desk. She looked around trying to find anyone who was going to surprise her as she looked closer to the book. She saw the scratch marks on the desk and then saw words on the desk saying LEAVE THIS BOOK ALONE THIS WASN'T MEAN'T TO BE TOUCHED BY HUMAN HANDS LEAVE NOW WHILE YOU STILL HAVE THE CHANCE She ignored all those signs as she simply took the book. If it wasn't for the sheer fright and creepiness that the cellar was giving out, she would have read it immediately. She flew to the upstairs while closing the door to the cellar as she sat down on the other couch to read the strange book. She looked at the book's contents and laughed at the horrified Halloween costumes as she looked at the monsters in the page seeing all sorts of incantations. She thought this would be a Goth chick's wet dream. She then turned to the beginning of the book. She strangely looked at it and smiled as she could read on and on about it. Noah, who had gotten up, approached Mackenzie \"O hi Mackenzie what you reading\" His eyes looked in horror of the book that she was about to speak its horror words. \"NO DON'T READ IT\" He was about to stop her when Ashton tackled him down. \"Let her read the book man. The lady is entitled to read whatever she wants\" Ashton smirked holding him down She smiled as she continued to read as the two boys fought over her reading the strange book \"It's just a book Noah, what harm could it do\" She looked on a page that had a lot of signatures on them and so she signed everyone's name on the paper so they wouldn't all be left out. Noah struggled as Mackenzie found three words on the first page of the book. She thought she would tease Noah by reading those three words that had a lot of warnings around him. \"Klaatu\" She snickered Noah threw Ashton off him and ran towards Mackenzie only to have Ashton grab him by the foot making Noah fall down. \"Barada\" She bit her tongue a little bit as she couldn't help but hear these words before Noah kicked Ashton in the face with his foot and rushes to grab the book from her to prevent her saying the last words and sealing their fates. Pissed that Noah kicked him, Ashton threw a football with great accuracy in the back of Noah making him fall to the floor as he crawled to Mackenzie. \"Nikto\" She smiled as Noah feared as he crawled to a corner and shaking like he was going mad. \"You see nothing happened\" Ashton shook his head \"Just silence\" Mackenzie chuckled at Noah Noah knew better. He knew what they didn't. The ominous silence was only just the beginning of the horrors that were about to be unleashed upon them. Well, I hope everyone enjoyed this second chapter of this story. I know I did. Well it looks like all types of horror is about to break loose upon this cabin. Next chapter will be about how the fun will start. I am sure everyone will be screaming though. Review and tell me your thoughts on this fanfic.[Chapter 3] Well, it seems like the fun is about to begin in this chapter. Well, I hope people like this next chapter. I really wanted to avoid using the trees, because I really don't like that part of the movie. It makes me think of like WHEN TREES ATTACK. Probably the forest is mad that people pee on trees. So, enjoy reading this chapter. Disclaimer: I don't own the rights to Evil Dead. Chapter 3: You Were Warned At the same time the two couples were making love, Hank was in the woods exploring around. He really didn't want to hear all the commotion that each couple was giving while staying at the house. For some reason, he had seen this on the news, yet he ignored the obvious warning signs to his obvious nature. The more he walked around the woods, the more ominous the woods were becoming. Hank heard stories of how trees were alive and how they would take their revenge against humanity one day. His eyes view the branches shaking and saw that it was going to be night soon. He hoped everyone hasn't started to eat or drink without him. XxxX It was hard for him to maneuver through the woods as it was so mysterious and scary. Every step he took felt like the very woods were watching him. Hank went through tree by tree trying to find the right path home. He looks down seeing there were multiple foot prints in this ground as it was hard to keep track of which feet were his feet. Suddenly, towards the distances of the cabin, he heard a sound. KLAATU Hank felt the strong winds hitting him as he tried to make his way home wondering if he could find the cabin through the woods as he sees the cabin but didn't feel like he was getting there. It felt that his feet were stuck in the same spot, despite him running to the cabin. BARADA Hank didn't want to get eaten or bitten by some bug as he needed to make his way back to the cabin where it was safe. He was getting a bad feeling about theses woods as even their faces were staring to fright him to the core. NIKTO He felt branches slapping him in the face as he tried to make it home but some branches were blocking his way. Was it the wind that was doing this? Was it something supernatural? Whatever the case, Hank felt the woods were attacking him for some reason. Hank tried to move pass the branches, however each time he tried doing so, the branches would constrict itself and cut Hank, as if he was its prisoner. Hank was fearful as this wasn't any ordinary forest as he tries to make a break for the house. Hank wasn't sure about staying at this place. It was dark, scary and the woods were attacking him. He knew the others won't belive him, but he had to get to the house as soon as he could. The cabin was the only safe place and thought it was through it, that he could make it back. \"Ahhhhh\" Hank called out as he trips on a tree branch and fell to the ground with such a thump. He tried to get himself up, but he felt the trees making a rope like snarl to both of his ankles. Like handcuffs, his feet were bonded to the trees. He tried to get up and break away, but the trees weren't going to have any say in it. the branches started to drag him away deeper and deeper into the forest. The more he tried to resist the more the trees griped on his ankles. \"AH Gosh\" He groaned and moaned \"If this is about whizzing on you guys I am really sorry\" The trees pulled hard bringing him into the dark woods as Hank cried out in horror. As he felt branches were hurting him in ways, he could never understand. XxxX \"I can't believe you read from that book\" Noah huddled to a corner shaking himself in fear of what is to come. \"Quit, your whining Noah. Mackenzie just read a passage from some stupid book. What harm could that do\" Ashton chuckled \"You have no idea what you all have unleashed upon us. We are already dead\" Noah was in fear that his nightmares were coming true. \"Noah, it's just a book. Nothing will happen to us\" Mackenzie smiled \"Has anyone seen Hank, he was suppose to be back hours ago\" Miley asked \"Well, he is alone in the woods, so I wouldn't be surprise what exactly he could be doing\" Ashton chuckled \"Oh, will you stop it\" Mackenzie hits him over the head over his adult joke. From their conversation came in Hank, who was walking really slow for the others to think that he was a zombie. His clothes were torn as if he was battling a lion. Hank's whole face was white. He was shaking a little bit before collapsing on the floor. Noah looked at Hank and got up and walked away. \"Hank talk to me\" Miley said as she moved him to the couch. Ashton and Mackenzie were spooked by Hank's new appearance. \"We…have….to…get….out…of…this…place\" He said as his shaking wouldn't end. \"What are you talking about\" Ashton was confused \"There was something in the woods, it grabbed a hold of me and I ran back here as quickly as I could\" Hank slid to the end of the couch frightened by the others. Noah came back into the house with an axe as Ashton looked at him. \"What's with the Axe?\" Ashton asked him \"Just for insurance\" Noah looked to Hank, knowing what was going on. \"Insurance for what exactly\" Miley stood up looking at Noah. Noah breathed slowly for a moment. \"I know none of you guys but Hank believes of what happened in this cabin all those years ago\" \"Of course not\" Ashton chuckled \"Your dad went crazy and killed everyone in the cabin but you. He killed your brother and his friends\" Mackenzie bumped her elbow to his guy. She couldn't believe how disrespectful he was being. \"Well, because of what you read through this book, we are now doomed to die in this cabin\" Noah said with a serious look \"By the way, that isn't how it happened\" \"Well what do we do\" Miley said holding her brother. \"We need to lock him in the cellar before he can bite one of us\" Noah said They all looked at Noah like he was crazy. Suddenly, Hank jumped from the couch to the ground. They all stared at Noah, then at Hank. Hank was doing his best to fight off the demon inside himself. Noah halted Miley, who tried to comfort her brother. \"He won't be your brother for long. We have to watch and wait to see what happens\" \"Oh, you would like that won't you, you little idiot\" a voice came from Hank as he stood up from the ground. \"ALL YOU PEOPLE EVER DO IS LAUGH AT ME\" All of them rose from their seats and backed away from Hank. \"OHHHHHHH. WELCOME TO OUR LOVELY LITTLE HOME AND HOW YOU ALL HAVE COME TO GREET US. UNFORTUNATELY, ALL OF YOU SHALL DIE\" Hank shouted \"What the hell is this\" Ashton was scared as this was something from a horror flick he watched as a kid. \"He has become a Deadite\" Noah said making them all face him. \"A being that has been possessed by a Kardiarian Demon\" \"A what\" Miley said \"Hard to explain really, they are just the bad guys that come from the book\" Noah said \"AH NOAH, HOW THIS MUST BE, TO BE GREETED BY YOUR PRESENCE ONCE MORE. OH, YOUR FATHER AND BROTHER MUST BE SO PROUD OF YOU\" Hank said Noah glared as the possessed Hank continued. \"I SEE YOU HAVE BROUGHT MORE TRIBUTES FOR ME TO COSUME. HOW THEY LOOK SCARED AND LONELY. HOW WE WILL FEASE ON YOU ALL. JUST LIKE THE OTHER, ONE BY ONE, WE WILL DEVOUR EACH OF YOU UNTIL THERE IS NO ONE LEFT\" Hank laughed before he fell to the ground. Noah rushed to push him down the cellar as Mackenzie was really scared at the moment. \"What does he mean 'just like the others', were there people here before us\" \"Yea, and hopefully we will be the last\" Noah declared \"Look, I don't care what I just saw. We have to get out of here right now\" Ashton ran to the door trying to leave. \"We are not leaving my brother here to die\" Miley shouted as she pointed to the cellar door, which she saw Noah locking it up. \"What are you doing\" \"You heard what it said, it will eat us all. I am not risking being bitten or touched by that thing\" Noah said \"He is my brother\" Miley glared at him \"Well, he isn't your brother anymore\" Noah looks to her. \"Look we need to calm down and think of a plan. You two stay here with Hank, while we try to find a doctor. \"I don't think that is a good idea\" Noah said finishing locking and chaining up the cellar entrance. \"Well, we have to do something\" Ashton opens the door and runs out. Mackenzie sighed as she walks out the door with Ashton to go find a doctor. XxxX Miley was trying to break the lock, so she could get her brother out of the cellar door. Noah was a crazy idiot. Why she ever liked him in the first place; she will ever know. Noah looks at her knowing she wasn't going to get the door open as he got up and left once more. \"Dang it\" She collapsed falling on her butt and looks at the door. \"Sister, please let me out of here. I don't want to die down here\" Hank said with a plea. Miley ran to the cellar door. \"Don't worry I will get you out of here\" Miley tried her hardiest to find something that was Hank's hope out of the cellar. She soon spots a saw from the floor and grabs it. She finds the weakest point of the chain and uses the saw to try and break her brother out of the cellar. She would only be causing certain doom with the way she was using the saw. XxxX Well, I hope everyone enjoyed this chapter. Expect more to come but not soon as the school year has started for me. So, tell me what you think about this chapter. Until next time, see you later.[Chapter 4] Well, let's see how Ashton and Mackenzie are going to do. I might warn you that there will be a scene with graphic content. So, prepare yourselves for it. I love the Evil Dead series. I have seen the first one and Army of Darkness. I think i have brief memories of the second film. I have yet to see the remake. I have it on DVD and i might watch it soon. Is there anything i should prepare myself for just in case. Anyways, here is chapter four of this story. Guest: Thank you for taking great notice of this story. I really appreciate it. Disclaimer: I don't own the rights to the Evil Dead. Chapter 4: River of Blood Mackenzie was in the passenger's seat sitting with Ashton, who was in the middle of driving the car in order to search for help. Mackenzie could tell he was fixated on trying to find a road in the dead of nighttime. Mackenzie kept looking out the window seeing the endless road of trees. \"Noah did warn us that being in that cabin was dangerous\" Mackenzie felt very nervous upon talking to her boyfriend. Well, her ex boyfriend depending on how things went. She didn't like Ashton too much. Yet, he was the only guy besides Noah that she trusted at the moment. \"Well, it's not my fault that idiot was a pansy\" Ashton looked from side to side seeing if his way was clear. \"I am being serious with this. Maybe we shouldn't have read from the book. You heard what happened to Noah's family. What if Noah's father is out for blood\" Mackenzie looked at Ashton \"Look, it's already done. Don't tell me you are believing everything Noah said. His whole family has issues with that cabin\" Ashton shook his head. \"I wouldn't believe him even if he told me you liked him or something\" Ashton laughed nervously but Mackenzie was hiding the truth a little bit and only chuckled to hide this factor. \"The kid witnessed his brother being killed by his father; I don't think I would believe him. I mean Hank is probably just paying a trick on us for not getting laid\" Ashton smirked \"You know, I wouldn't have brought you on this trip if you were going to act this way\" Mackenzie looked at him and crossed her arms. \"Babe, I am sorry okay, but this is my car. I wasn't going to let you go driving in it and doing who knows what\" Ashton patted the car. \"It's like my baby\" \"Well, I thought you weren't going to act this way. I mean we are dating right?\" Mackenzie glared at her boyfriend, who was slowly making its way to becoming her ex boyfriend. \"Yea, but I mean I just thought it was going to be me and you. You just had to bring along the buzzkill twins and the freak\" Ashton smirked as he kept on driving. \"Hey, Miley and Hank aren't buzz kills all the time. Why did you call Noah a freak? Of course he was going to act all crazy because of what he witnessed. Hank was floating in the air, Ashton. I didn't see any wires on him, so you explain how you think this is all a trick\" Mackenzie glared \"I am not sure either, but I would like another kiss from my honey buns\" Ashton smiled leaning his cheek towards her. Mackenzie felt like hitting him in the balls rather than kissing his cheek. She put two fingers on her lip pecking it softly and put it on his cheek. She shook her head in disbelief seeing he bought her fake kiss. She would have rather been at home with Noah. This was the very reason she liked him rather than her ex boyfriend, who was awful to every single person. Noah was a kind individual, not some jerk whose main idea of a goal was to see how many chicks he could bang in a week. \"That's more like it\" Ashton smiled as he glad he was able to get kissed by her boyfriend. \"Maybe when we get to the hospital we can have a little love making session one more time\" \"You're kidding right\" Mackenzie darted her eyes in annoyance of his eager attitude. \"One of our friends could be dying in that cabin and your thought of helping him is to have sex with me? You are so unbelievable\" \"Come on babe, you know you like me\" Ashton smirked Mackenzie need to admit to her boyfriend what they had wasn't working out. She didn't want to as she felt he would get mad and accuse her of loving Noah rather than him, which was true. She did love Noah. She loved him to death. She hated how her boyfriend was treating her and wanted Noah to take her away into a world full of heavenly bliss. He would be ten times the better boyfriend than Ashton. She didn't even tell Ashton that every time they would make love, she would fake it. Her thoughts of them doing it just made her sick. So, in recent time, she pretended her boyfriend was Noah. \"Oh you have got to be kidding me\" Ashton looked over seeing what he hoped he didn't see. When they got to the bridge, they saw a river of red blocking their path. Ashton and Mackenzie got out of the rusty car to examine the situation. Both had the same thing. Oh great, now we're stuck \"Maybe we can drive through it\" Ashton smirked \"Are you kidding me right now, there is no other way. We have to go back\" She argued \"Seriously, I am sure there is some way out of this place\" Ashton said \"Noah said this was the only way in and out of the cabin\" Mackenzie yelled \"Besides look at it, there is no way the car will survive without being taken by this thing\" Ashton walked over and examined and touched the red liquid. He sniffed it and backed off running away back into the car freaking out. \"Hey, what the heck is wrong with you\" Mackenzie was wondering why her boyfriend was acting like a crazy idiot. \"Blood!?. That was a freakin river of blood\" Ashton freaked out. \"We have to go back\" Ashton took to the car like a person with superspeed. Mackenzie parked her butt down and looked at him. Before Mackenzie could protest, Ashton reverses the car and put it in gas driving the car to the cabin as fast as he could. He wasn't thinking of finding another way. He was too scared by the river of blood to even drive anywhere. Ashton always had this fear of the woods at night, but these woods were far from any woods he has ever seen. Miley was sawing the chains hoping to free her brother and get out of the cabin. She was too freaked out by how this cabin was and Noah's attitude. She thought he was kind and a lost soul for her to rescue, but she was wrong. She now despised him for throwing her brother down the stairs of this cellar like a common sewer rat. She needed to find her brother and take her home. She wouldn't leave the cabin without him. Unknown to Miley, Noah could clearly see that Miley was trying to doom them all. So, he only had one choice. THUMP Noah knocked out Miley and brought her to the couch. He couldn't risk her breaking her brother free. \"I am sorry Miley, but I can't have you doing that….not yet at least\" Noah was hoping the others would find that doctor. This was just like years ago. \" Brother, what are you doing? That was father. That was our father\" Noah looked at his older brother who had just knocked out their father with a shovel. \" Hurry and help me bury him. He just tried to kill us. Mom is dead because of him\" His older brother threatened to hurt him. Noah was crying seeing his older brother drag their father into his own grave, yet their father was not dead. \" AHHHHHHHHHHHHH\" Their father cried out as he tried to bite the older brother. \" Noah help me\" The brother screamed. Noah rushed out pinning down their father \"Pleases dad it's me Noah, your boy. Don't you remember?\" Their father tried to wrestle Noah but the older brother got a shotgun and aimed it at their father's head. \" Wait, brothers stop you can't do this…..Brother?\" Noah said hearing the gun reloaded itself. \"BROTHER NO\" It was too late and Noah lost his father seeing the corpse and quickly got up. He stared at his brother, who put the gun down \"It had to be done. It was either him or us\" Noah shield his face with his hands trying to calm himself down. He hadn't thought of that night for a long time. He was hurting bad and wasn't sure what to do at this point. \"Noah\" He looked up seeing that Mackenzie and Ashton got back. Noah ran up to them and hugged him. \"Thank goodness you guys are okay\" \"Why the heck is Miley on the couch sleeping\" Ashton shook his head. \"Because she tried to free Hank with the saw and I knocked her out\" Noah finished his hug looking at Ashton. \"Oh, well that explains alot\" Ashton looked at him Noah realized they haven't returned with help \"Wait why are you guys back so early? Wasn't there a doctor?\" \"Noah, there was a river of blood blocking our path, we're stuck\" Ashton freaked out. \"I just….i just need a cold shower\" Ashton said running to the bathroom to wash himself down. \"Yea, I will be in the room if you need me\" Noah said before going into the room to think for a little bit. Mackenzie stared into the bathroom seeing her boyfriend needing a cold shower. She could have joined her boyfriend, but her chance to be alone with Noah was knocking at her door. This wasn't an opportunity she was going to waste. It was time for her to take some action as it would probably be the only chance with Noah. Noah was in the room trying to cool off and try to understand all that was happening at the moment. History was repeating itself. What happened to his father, brother and his brother's friends was going to happen to his friends if they didn't make it through the night. He covered his eyes and tried to calm himself down. \"You okay Noah\" Mackenzie leaned against the door as she closed it. Noah heard the click as she had locked the door. \"Ummm Mackenzie why did….\" Noah pointed at the door before receiving a finger to his lips \"Look Noah, I know we are just friends and I am dating that idiot. I just want this to be between us\" Mackenzie said locking lips with him. She giggled seeing how cute he was. She smiled a lot more as she took off her shirt looking at him. \"I know you don't feel the same way about me, but I want you to know I really like you and I really want you to be with me in this moment\" \"Wait Mackenzie…..\"Noah said before receving another kiss on his lips with her \"Pleases Noah, I really like you and I will do anything just to be with you\" She slid down her jeans revealing her lustful body as she lies on the bed. \"Don't you want to take me and claim me as your own? I only have eyes for you. That jerk isn't my boyfriend anymore. I want to make you my new boyfriend\" \"Umm, I can't Mackenzie. We are friends and I am your tutor. There is nothing you can do that will make me….\" Noah bit his lip seeing Mackenzie had ignored him and went inside the covers putting down her undergarments. He couldn't take it anymore and unsheathed his body by removing his clothes and jumped into the bed. He looks into Mackenzie's eyes kissing her as he got his body into position. Mackenzie provided Noah with some protection as he smiles at her. \"I will try to be gentl…\" Noah looked down seeing she stopped him from talking again with her pointer finger on his lip \"No, I want you at your best. Don't take it easy on me. I want you to dominate me\" Mackenzie giggled \"I want you to make me want you even more\" Noah smirked as he kisses her. Ashton finally got out of the shower as he was glad to cool down. It might have been colder than the winter, but at least the disgusting feeling of blood was out of his system. He walked over seeing that his girlfriend and Noah were gone. He saw Miley still knocked out on the couch. He wonders where Noah and Mackenzie went off to. \"Oh gosh you're so big\" a voice from the bedroom was heard as Ashton quickly made his way to the door hearing Mackenzie's voice. Ashton heard the sounds of his girlfriend's moan, something that he hasn't heard before. He growls hearing Mackenzie having sex with Noah. That jerk is doing my girlfriend. I am going to kill him. Ashton would have broken down the door, if he hadn't been knocked out from behind. Miley glared seeing Ashton down for the count. She looked to the door of Noah's room. She turns around to finally having the chance to free her brother from harm. She removed the desk Noah had put on top of the cellar door. Miley could tell Noah was preoccupied with pleasing Mackenzie to even hear the sounds of her knocking out Ashton and sawing the chains. \"Don't worry Hank, your sister will let you out of here and we can go home\" Miley sneered a smile across her face. \"OH THAT IS A GOOD SISTER\" Hank smiled BANG The chains finally broke apart and it was her chance as she started to pull the chains away. \"Oh brother where...\" She opened the door to the cellar. \"RIGHT HERE SISTER. YOU LOOK TASTY ENOUGH TO EAT\" Hank smiled \"Wait, what\" Miley said before she felt her body being pulled and she started to scream as she was dragged downstairs to her doom. \"What have I done\" Miley kept repeating as she was dragged downstairs by her brother, who had a sinister look on his face. Oh no, this is looking bad for our heroes. So, what did you think? Let me know your thoughts on this chapter. Well, it might have too many sexual scenes, but it's a horror fan fiction. So, what can you do? I hope you enjoyed this chapter, so tell me your thoughts on what the next chapter might contain. I promise that this will be the last time any sexual moments like what has been displayed in the chapter will come to pass. Until then, see you later ","Summary":" Hello everyone, this is my first attempt at an Evil Dead fanfic. I was inspired by both the remake "},{"Movie":"Grease","Title":"Something Is Wrong With Putzie","Author":"Writergirl2015","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12652416","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is my Grease horror story, if you're gonna be mean, DON'T review! A Girl with beautiful blonde hair was running in the wood trying to get away from someone who was chasing her and then she bumped into somebody and she screamed. \"Please, leave me alone!\" The girl screamed. Then she crawled away and stood up facing whoever was trying to kill her. \"Please, I'm sorry…please let me go!\" The girl screamed as she cried. But the person walked closer to her. \"Please…I'm sorry.\" The girl cried. \"Please leave me alone!\" \"Hey, get away from her!\" A blonde hair boy yelled. \"Putzie, he's trying to kill me!\" A girl yelled as she ran behind Putzie. \"Ok Helen, go run home now!\" Putzie order her. \"I said now!\" Just then Helen ran off screaming and crying. \"Ok pal, I don't know who you are and why were you trying to kill that innocent girl!\" Putzie yelled. Just then the killer whacks Putzie in the face with his knife. \"Ugh!\" Putzie screamed in pain. \"You stupid son of a-\" Putzie moved to the side when he saw the killer coming at him with the knife and he stood up, kicking the killer's leg knocking him down and grabbing his knife. \"Who are you?\" Putzie asked. \"You're worst nightmare kid.\" The killer said. Putzie looked at him confused. \"Quit killing people!\" Putzie yelled as he stabbed the killer and he stared at the killer holding the knife in his hand. \"What have I've done?\" Putzie drops the knife running off home.[Chapter 2] Putzie ran inside of Frosty Palace to see the gang there. \"Hey Putz!\" He saw Kenickie waving to him. \"Over here.\" \"Putzie, you're cover in blood!\" Danny yelled walking over to him. \"What happened to you Putzie?\" Sandy asked. \"What's the matter baby?\" Jan asked. \"You look like you seen a ghost.\" \"Putzie did you…\" Sonny trailed off. Then Putzie backs up and ran out of Frosty, he was so confused that he doesn't even know what to do or where to go. So he ran in the alley and slide down the brick holding his bloody hand. \"What is happening to me?\" Putzie answers him. \"What is going on?\" Then he puts his hands on his head in frustrated. \"Please God, please forgive me.\" Putzie cried. Then Putzie slowly looks up feeling anger, betray and hatred that he stood up when he saw couple of older greasers walking in his way. \"Hey wimp, what are ya doing here huh?\" One of the greasers asked. Putzie clenched his fist tight. \"What are you gonna do? Fight us?\" The greaser asked. \"Get him boys.\" But before the 2 other greasers could go at Putzie, Putzie grabbed their fist and squeezing them by making them fall to the ground hard. \"What the heck!\" The greaser yelled. Then Putzie walks over the greaser and grabbed his throat, pinning him up against the brick wall. \"Mess with me…you're done pal.\" Putzie threatens and then drops him. The T-Birds saw what had happened. \"Ok, Zuko…what is going on with our Babyface?\" Kenickie asked. \"I'm not sure.\" Danny says. Then Putzie looked over at them, just staring. \"Why is he just staring at us?\" Sonny asked. \"I'm not sure.\" Danny repeated. \"What do you know?\" Doody asked. Then Putzie walks slowly towards them. \"Putzie, buddy you ok?\" Danny asked gently. But Putzie just walked pass them. \"Ok something is wrong that boy.\" Sonny says. The T-Birds all nodded their heads. \"I think he's just tried.\" Danny says, hoping Putzie was just tried. \"Let's go talk to his cousin Randal, he probably knows what's bugging Putzie.\" Kenickie suggested. Then the 4 oldest T-Birds ran off to Greased Lightning and drove off, while with Putzie was still walking clenching his fist tightly as his knuckles turned white. \"Hey good lookin.\" A girl says walking pass Putzie who turned around. Putzie watched her go as she winked at him and waved to her. \"Call me baby!\" The girl yelled. Then Putzie smiled evilly, so he slowly follows the girl who was flirty with him. Once he arrived at her street to see her going her house.[Chapter 3] At Randal house, in his basement he and the T-Birds were talking about Putzie's new and not so usual behaviors. \"So Putzie…defended for himself? For the first time?\" Randal asked them. \"But we think something is bothering him…and he…it was just…not Putzie at all, not the sweet loveable childish babyface Putzie Jacobs we known for years.\" Danny explained. \"Hmmm, that's sounds…so interesting…and you guys are gonna think I'm crazy, but…\" Randal started. \"What?\" The T-Birds asked. \"It seems like Putzie is being possessed by a demon.\" Randal told them. \"A what…\" Doody asked. \"You study that kind of stuffs?\" Sonny asked. \"Look guys, yes I know that crazy and all…but we talked about that in college and…what's inside of Putzie, it's not…Putzie.\" Randal told them. \"So…what do we do?\" Danny asked. \"Keep everyone safe and make sure Putzie doesn't get killed or kill anyone.\" Randal said. \"Because there is an innocent boy trap inside of that Demon.\" The T-Birds looked at each other and back at Randal. \"Stay safe boys.\" Randal ordered them. Just then Sonny turned on the TV. \"Guys, take a look at this.\" Sonny told them. The boys walked over to Sonny and watched the news. \"What are they talking about this time?\" Doody asked. \"Breaking news, a young high school was killed this afternoon just a while ago, it's seems like the killer was another high school student that went to school Rydell High.\" The news reporter says. \"But we don't know who did it, but the police are out to look out for the killer, thank you.\" Randal grabs the remote out of Sonny's hand and turned the TV off. \"Ok, this is very bad.\" Randal stated. \"Boys, you need to find Putzie before he killed anyone else and get himself killed. \"Got it.\" The T-Birds says as he stood up. \"And boys, please be careful…\" Randal said. \"Don't worry Ran, we will.\" Danny tells him. \"This is my little cousin we're talking about, Phil's baby brother.\" Randal told them. \"And your youngest best friend.\" \"You mean little brother.\" Danny corrected him. Randal smiled at them and the T-Birds walked out of Randal's house. \"Ok, so could Putzie have run too?\" Kenickie asked as they got in Greased Lightning. \"I mean, I don't think he would've gone home.\" \"I don't know man, but we have to find him in time before he kills anyone else and get him killed.\" Danny says as they back up and drove off. \"Danny, I'm scared.\" Doody admits. \"It's gonna be ok Doody, we're gonna get our old Putzie back.\" Sonny comforted his younger friend. What they don't know that they didn't see Putzie standing at end of Randal's driveway watching them go. \"I'm sorry fellas,\" Putzie apologized. \"You're innocent Babyface is gone.\"[Chapter 4] The T-Birds arrived at the Frosty to see everybody staring at Putzie who was standing onto of the counter holding the bloody knife in his hands. \"Putzie!\" Danny yelled making Putzie looked over at him with a smirk. \"Well, well, well why it is Putzie's protectors.\" Putzie smiled evilly. \"Putzie, hey buddy I know you're in there.\" Danny says. \"Fight him!\" \"Sorry to say this Zuko, but your little boyfriend is a wimp and…he's stuck now and forever.\" Putzie smirked. \"Boyfriend?\" Sonny asked. \"Sonny,\" Kenickie says. \"Listen ya demon, you get out of Putzie right now!\" Danny yelled. \"You sure about that Zuko?\" Putzie asked as he jumped off the counter. \"Because right now, inside Putzie is being tortured.\" The T-Birds glared at him. \"Like he always has been.\" Putzie added. \"I'm just doing him a favor.\" \"A favor, what kind of favor?\" Sonny asked. \"To be strong! Guys, the boy always felt like he was weak and couldn't do anything!\" Putzie yelled. \"He is not a wimp! He's a strong kid!\" Danny yelled. He looked over to see the Pink Ladies scared to death. \"And why did you kill that innocent girl then?\" Kenickie asked. \"I mean, Putzie never liked that kind of girls.\" \"Wow, he is a good guy.\" Putzie says as he moved closer to Danny. \"No wonder why he has better relationships with his girl…Jan Barrows…\" He smirked. \"Ah, Jan Barrows…man no wonder why that boy is crazy about that girl.\" Putzie smiled. \"She's not a tramp.\" Then Danny clutched on Putzie's leather jacket and pushed him against the counter tightly. \"You leave that girl alone!\" Danny growled. \"You don't say that about Jan and that word never ever comes out of my boy's mouth!\" \"Danny, that's Putzie.\" Kenickie says quietly. \"See ya later boys.\" Putzie smirked as he snaps his fingers and he was on the street staring at Jan's house. \"Jan.\" He sighed. So then Putzie started walking up to Jan's house and knocking on her door, and then he saw Jan open the door. \"Oh Putzie, your ok!\" Jan yelled hugging Putzie tightly. \"There's a killer out here, you need to be careful.\" Putzie smiled at her. \"It's the alright, the guys dropped me off.\" Putzie lied. Then Jan smiled and kissed him on the cheek. \"You boys are such brothers, epically you and Danny.\" Jan says before leaving in the kitchen. Then Putzie smiled evilly while walking in the kitchen, with the T-Birds at Rydell who was walking down the hall looking for anybody that was killed by Putzie's demon, they were worried and scared. \"Guys, I think we need to check on Jan.\" Doody says. The boys looked at each other for a second. \"Let's go fellas!\" Danny yelled as they ran off to save Jan.[Chapter 5] Jan was duck taped to a chair with a gag wrapped around her mouth and just then Putzie came back with the kitchen knife. \"Alright sweetie,\" Putzie says as he soothed her arm with the knife making Jan whimpers. \"Aww, don't cry sweetheart.\" Putzie smiled evilly as he stood up. Just then he turned around to see the guys run in the house. \"Jan!\" The guys yelled. Then Jan started screaming and Putzie roughly covers her mouth and pointed the knife at the guys. \"Alright, don't come any closer!\" Putzie yelled. \"I mean it!\" \"Putzie, we know you're in there.\" Danny quietly says. \"Come on, you can do it.\" \"No!\" Putzie yelled. \"Putzie is not your Putzie anymore! He's gone!\" Danny walked slowly towards Putzie. \"Come on now, leave her alone.\" Danny says. \"She is just a kid.\" But then Putzie whacked Danny in the arm and throwing him across the room. \"Danny!\" Doody yelled running to Danny's side. \"GET OUT OF MY BABYFACE YA FREAK!\" Kenickie yelled. \"Kenickie no!\" Sonny yelled. But Putzie started punching Kenickie over and over and over. \"Come on Putzie, it's me Kenny.\" Kenickie said. \"F-fight him.\" Putzie just stared at him raising his knife up. \"B-Babyface.\" Kenickie begged. \"I love you baby brother.\" Then a knife slips out of Putzie's hand and let's goes of Kenickie. \"K-Kenny?\" Putzie asked. Kenickie looks up at Putzie in pain. \"I'm so sorry.\" Putzie whispers. Kenickie could see tears in Putzie's eyes. \"Kenickie,\" Sonny asked. \"Putzie, it's ok.\" Kenickie breathed. But Putzie snaps his finger and disappeared. \"Sonny, untie Jan now!\" Doody ordered Sonny who ran to Jan's side and gently untied Jan. \"What's wrong with him Sonny?\" Jan asked innocently. \"He was possessed.\" Sonny told her. \"What?\" Jan asked not believing him. \"It's the truth Jan.\" Doody said. \"Come on guys, let's go get Putzie before he gets killed.\" Sonny said as Doody helped Danny and Kenickie up. \"Jan, you stay here.\" Danny ordered her. \"I mean it.\" \"I wanna see Putzie.\" Jan says. \"I'm sorry Jan, but we can't let you go near him when he is not really Putzie right now.\" Kenickie told her. Jan lets out a sigh. \"Kay.\" Jan finally said as the guys ran out of the house to look for Putzie and she walked over to window and said, \"Please come back Putzie.\"[Chapter 6] Putzie was in the wood breathing hard from running. \"Get away from me!\" Putzie screamed. \"Just leave me alone!\" Putzie tripped over on a dirt and fall on his knee. \"Please…\" Putzie whispered. \"Go away.\" He looks at his bloody hands. \"Please forgive me God.\" Putzie prayed. Putzie sat down on his butt crying in his hands. \"Just leave me alone!\" Putzie screamed. Then Putzie looks up. \"Hello?\" Putzie called out. Putzie stood up and looked around. \"Who's there?\" Putzie asked. \"Kill her.\" A voice echo in his head. \"Kill who?\" Putzie asked. \"Sandy.\" The voice replied. \"No, not my best friend's girl.\" Putzie whispers. \"Putzie?\" He heard a male voice. \"Oh no, I'm not killing Eugene.\" Putzie argued. \"He's just a kid.\" \"I thought you hated him?\" The voice asked darkly. \"No I don't, and that doesn't mean I wanna kill him.\" Putzie said getting up and saw Eugene came to his view. \"You shouldn't be here Eugene.\" \"What do you mean Putzie?\" Eugene asked. \"I came to look for you, everybody is.\" He told him. Putzie lets out a sigh and held his chest in pain. \"You ok?\" Eugene asked. \"No, do not come closer!\" Putzie yelled. \"I mean it!\" Eugene looked confused and scared. \"Putzie, Danny's worrying.\" Eugene told him. Putzie looks up at the sky. \"GAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!\" Putzie screamed. \"GET OUT OF ME NOW!\" Eugene walks a little closer to Putzie, but Putzie pushed him against the tree. \"You nerds just don't listen don't you?\" Putzie smirked. \"I-I'm s-s-sorry.\" Eugene quietly says. \"You are now.\" Putzie said coking him. \"Let him go now!\" Putzie turned to see Danny there with the gang, including Patty and Tom. \"Come on, just let the boy go.\" Putzie lets go and smiled at Danny. \"No what buddy, I think you should mind your own business.\" Putzie smiled. \"I'm trying to save my best friend!\" Danny yelled. \"Putzie, I know you're in there..I know this is hard, but just try fighting this creep.\" Putzie held his head in frustration and laughed looking at Danny. \"Ok, if you don't leave then I'll kill your little girlfriend Sandra Dee!\" Putzie said grabbing Sandy and pointing the knife close to her chine and neck. \"NO!\" Danny yelled. \"You let her go now!\" \"Make me!\" Putzie yelled. \"Danny, help me.\" Sandy cried. Danny felt his heart break. \"Come on man, please.\" Danny begged. Putzie lets out a sigh. \"How about not?\" Putzie asked. \"How about if you leave everyone alone and we can talk, alone just you and me.\" Danny suggested. \"Danny…\" Sonny said. \"I can't have this creep kill Sandy, Putzie, Jan, Eugene or anybody else guys!\" Danny yelled back before turning to Putzie. \"Come on please.\" Putzie stared at Danny and then he closed his eyes, Putzie's hand was shaking and he carefully and slowly lets go of Sandy who ran over to Danny and hide in his leather jacket. \"Danny…\" Putzie whispers. \"I'm so sorry.\" \"Shhh, its ok Putzie.\" Danny tells him. \"Please just kill me.\" Putzie said with tears forming in his eyes. Then Putzie looks over at Eugene and dropping his knife, walking over to Eugene and grab him by the shoulder and hugged, which made Eugene shocked. \"I'm sorry Eugene.\" Putzie apologized. Putzie lets go of Eugene and said, \"Please forgive.\" He said as he walked off and he turned around. \"Please forgive me everybody.\"[Chapter 7] The T-Birds were back at Randal's house talking about Putzie again, \"Ok fellas, there is only one person who can save Putzie from getting killed is Danny.\" Randal told the boys. \"Wait why Danny?\" Sonny asked. \"Because since Phil is gone, and…Danny and Putzie has a very, very brotherly relationship.\" Randal explains. Danny looks down. \"I'll be in the room alone with him.\" Danny said standing up. \"Danny, I can't let you do that.\" Randal said. \"We don't know how strong he is.\" \"I don't care; this is Putzie we're talking about.\" Danny says. \"Beside it's like you said, he and I have a very close brotherly relationship.\" Then Randal lets out a sigh. \"Fine,\" Randal gave up. \"But we have to find him first.\" \"I'll go look for him.\" Danny said. \"Ok, stay safe Danny.\" Randal says. \"I will.\" Danny said leaving the room. A little while with Danny in the wood looking for Putzie, he had to get his best friend back. \"Danny?\" He turned around to see Putzie behind him. \"Hello buddy.\" Danny says. \"Why are you here?\" Putzie asked. \"I'm here to get my best friend back.\" Danny told him. Then Putzie let out a laugh. \"You just don't stop don't ya?\" He asked him. \"Look, I just want my best friend back.\" Danny says. \"And I want you gone!\" \"Well he is gonna be a weak little boy again.\" Putzie smirked. \"He is not,\" Danny argued. \"He is a strong and brave kid, but he is lot smaller than us fellas!\" Putzie looks up at him. \"And it our job to protect him,\" Danny tells him. \"Epically mine.\" Putzie lets out a painful sigh and held his head while closing his eyes. \"Whoa you ok?\" Danny asked. \"No!\" Putzie screamed. \"Ugh!\" Then Putzie fell to the ground and Danny kneels to his side. \"Putzie, you ok brother?\" Danny asked. \"Danny,\" Putzie asked. \"Yes buddy, it's me Danny.\" Danny said soothing his hair. \"Please help me.\" Putzie said tearing up. \"Shhh, don't worry Roger.\" Danny said. \"I'm gonna help ya.\" \"He's too powerful.\" Putzie winced as he laughed as he stood up. \"He's gone Zuko, you'll never see you're little Putzie ever again.\" \"Putzie?\" Danny asked. \"Putzie aintin here Zuko, he's gone…forever.\" Putzie laughed as he decked Danny in the face making him unconscious. \"Later greaser,\" Putzie said walking off laughing as Danny laid there. \"Look out world, here's come new Putzie Jacobs!\"[Chapter 8] Randal and the T-Birds found Danny still unconscious on the ground. \"Oh no, Danny!\" Randal ran over to Danny's side. \"Come on, wake up buddy!\" Then Danny gasps loudly and sat up quickly. \"Whoa, Zuko you ok?\" Randal asked him. \"Where's Putzie?\" Kenickie asked. \"He's gone.\" Danny replies. \"Wait, what do you mean gone?\" Randal asked him worrying. \"The demon has controlled his body and...He said that Putzie was gone.\" Danny said as he sooth his jacket. Then Randy and Kenickie both helped Danny up. \"We gotta go and find Putzie.\" Randy says. \"Kay, but I still wanna be in the room with Putzie...alone.\" Danny suggested. \"Danny...\" Randy replied. \"Randy, you said that I'm the only person who can get our innocent Putzie back and that's the risk I'll take!\" Danny protested. Then Randy lets out a sigh. \"Fine.\" Randy says. Then the boys all ran off to find Putzie. With Putzie, who stood right in front of his driveway for a few minute and then walked up to his house, walking in. \"Hey little brother!\" Putzie looked up to see his big brother smiling. \"I'm back!\" \"Really? Are you here for a week and then get up, leave…epically me?\" Putzie asked having Phil looked surprised that his little brother would even say. He knew something was wrong. \"Are you ok buddy?\" Phil asked him. \"Ok?\" Putzie asked. \"Am I'm ok? I'm great, heck I don't even care if you leave or not! Because that's what you do!\" \"Son!\" Mr. Jacobs scolds. \"You never even watch Pammy grow up, you weren't here for me when I had my 16th birthday, or even cared how I felt when you were gonna leave again.\" Putzie yelled. \"And I don't think you don't even love me anymore.\" \"Roger!\" Mrs. Jacobs yelled. \"Your brother loves you more than anything in the world honey.\" \"Really? Then how come he left me huh?\" Putzie asked. \"I'm not even sure if we're brothers.\" \"Putzie, kiddo…I'm sorry, I do love you.\" Phil said slowly walking towards Putzie. \"Stay back!\" Putzie yelled as he pulled out a butcher knife making his family step back with fear. \"I'm not afraid to use this bucko!\" \"Son put down the knife!\" Mr. Jacobs yelled. \"Never!\" Putzie yelled. \"Putzie, please!\" Pammy yelled while crying. \"Putzie, please can we just talk?\" Phil asked him. \"I'm worry.\" \"No, how about I kill ya huh?\" Putzie suggested. \"Because I actually know how Kenickie and Sonny felt when their fathers walked out on them!\" \"I didn't walk out on you Putz!\" Phil yelled back. Then Putzie punches Phil in the face. \"Roger Lucas Billy!\" Mrs. Jacobs yelled. \"You don't hit your brother.\" \"Come on big brother, fight me!\" Putzie said as he punched Phil in the face. \"I'm not gonna fight you little brother.\" Phil said, but Putzie whack him in the face with the knife. \"You can hit me all you want, but I'm not fighting.\" \"Why not huh?\" Putzie asked as he punched him the stomach making Phil winces in pain. \"Scared to hurt your wimpy brother?\" \"You are not a wimp.\" Phil protested. \"Well he aintin anymore.\" Putzie smirked. \"What do you-\"Before he could finish, Putzie punched him hard make him unconscious. \"Go upstairs!\" Putzie orders his family. \"Son…\" Mr. Jacobs said protecting his wife and his daughter. \"I said go!\" Putzie yelled as his eyes went black. But then his father, his mother and Pammy all ran upstairs. \"Sorry to do this brother, but I have to do this for Putzie.\" Putzie glared. Just then he turned around and stood up to see the guys. \"Phil!\" Danny yelled running to Phil's side. \"You monster!\" \"Well duh!\" Putzie says. \"Ok whoever you are what you are, get out of my cousin.\" Randy ordered. \"He and everyone else are just innocent.\" \"Well I'm trying to help the boy.\" Putzie tells him. \"By killing people?\" Sonny asked. Then Sonny flew across the room and landed on the dining table. \"You idiot, leave him alone!\" Kenickie screamed angrily as he ran over to Sonny. \"D-Danny? R-Randy?\" They looked over to see Phil waking up. \"Hey buddy, you ok?\" Danny asked him. \"Yeah,\" Phil said as they helped him up. \"Would you boys like to tell me what's going on here?\" \"Phil, I'm sorry to say this…but I think he's possessed.\" Randy says. \"Believe it or not, but it's true.\" \"I believe you.\" Phil says. \"You do?\" Kenickie, Doody and Sonny asked. \"Yeah, cause that's not my baby brother in there.\" Phil said. \"Thanks cous, for understanding.\" Randy smiled. \"No problem.\" Phil said. \"Now how about you boys go upstairs, I think that's where mom, dad and Pammy went…so I can talk to my little brother alone.\" \"Are you crazy?\" Danny asked. \"He nearly killed ya.\" \"Guys…please.\" Phil begged. \"This is my baby brother…and he needs me right now.\" Then the guys sigh. \"Kay, but we'll be upstairs.\" Randy said as the boys went upstairs. \"You're taking a big risk buddy-boy.\" Putzie said as Phil turned to him. \"Why are you doing this? For real?\" Phil asked. \"Like I said ya dork, he felt like he was a wimp so I'm making him stronger.\" Putzie told him and Phil looked at him confused. \"Oh, didn't he tell you everything?\" Then Phil looked up at him. \"Oooh, he didn't, huh?\" Putzie asked while chuckling. \"My brother aintin wimp!\" Phil glared. \"Really? Did he or the guys tell you that he felt a little, I don't know…weak inside.\" Putzie asked. Phil looked down. \"But he didn't, so he can make you proud.\" Putzie smirked. \"But…ever since you left…he was bullied…picked on…poor boy, never got a chance to be strong.\" \"Come on Putz, it's me.\" Phil said. \"You boys just don't listen.\" Putzie laughed. \"He isn't here anymore…your little baby brother is gone…\" He walked closer to Phil. \"Gone for good.\" Then Putzie pushed Phil making him crashed into the hall. \"Awww poor Philly,\" Putzie walked over to Phil and grabbed his shirt and clench his fist into it. \"Getting beat up by his own baby brother…haha, oh you Jacobs boys…you boys are so fun and so weak.\" Then he flew Phil across the room. \"Bet you never thought Putzie can never threw like that huh?\" Putzie asked as he walked over to Phil who was trying to crawl away but was pulled by Putzie. \"Let go of me you creep!\" Phil yelled. Then Putzie started beating Phil in the face. \"This is for making poor weak boy Putzie feel alone and weak.\" Putzie said as he punched Phil. \"So I'm making sure you and the T-Birds feel like well…you know weak!\" Then Putzie landed another on Phil's face. \"Putzie, please…fight him.\" Phil begged. \"It's me Philly, big brother…\" Then Putzie raised his fist up. \"I love you baby brother.\" Phil said. Then Putzie thought of the past when he was with his family, his best friends and his girlfriend Jan, and of course the time he was happy…all the time, he realize how lucky he has a good life. Then Putzie came back and unclench his fist in his brother's shirt and put his fist down, making Phil stared up at his brother with worried and the guys, Putzie's parents and Pammy slowly came downstairs fearing what would happen next. \"Putzie?\" Phil asked. \"I'm sorry Philly.\" Putzie said with tears in his eyes. \"It's ok baby brother.\" Phil said. \"I'm so sorry.\" Putzie said as he fainted and everyone ran to his side. \"Someone call 911, now!\" Mr. Jacobs yelled as Doody stood up and ran in the kitchen to call the ambulance. \"Come on son, wake up.\" Mr. Jacobs begged as he soothed his son's hair. \"Mommy, are Philly and Putzie gonna be ok?\" Pammy asked. \"Don't worried dear, your brothers are gonna be alright.\" Mrs. Jacobs told her. Then Doody came back in the room. \"They're on their way.\" Doody told everybody. \"Good.\" Mr. Jacobs said keeping an eye on his youngest son.[Chapter 9] At the hospital, Putzie slowly opens his eyes to see his parents smiling down at him and he looked over to see his baby sister and the guys there smiling also. \"What happened?\" Putzie asked. \"Putzie, do you remember anything?\" The doctor asked him. \"Well…I remember I was…not acting like myself…and then I started beating the crap outta of my brother…Philly!\" Putzie yelled out worrying about Phil. \"Relax son, your brother is in the other room.\" Mr. Jacobs said putting a comfort hand on his shoulder. \"How bad is it?\" Putzie asked. \"Not that bad, just couple of bruises, cuts and some stitches…but after a week or 2…I'll be good.\" They looked over to see Phil standing there with a sling holding his arm for support. \"Thanked to God your ok!\" Putzie smiled. \"Hey um…can I have brotherly talk with my little brother alone everyone?\" Phil asked. \"Of course son.\" Mr. Jacobs said as he picked Pammy up and Mrs. Jacobs her hand on her oldest son's cheek as they left. \"Doing ok son?\" The doctor asked. \"Yep!\" Phil smiled. \"That's good.\" The doctor said smiling as he left room. \"Glad to have you back cous.\" Randy smiled. \"Thanks buddy and thanks for looking out for the guys, Putzie, Pammy and everyone else dude.\" Phil said. \"No prob kid.\" Randy said leaving the room. \"Good seeing you up bud.\" Sonny smiled. \"And how's my 2 favorite clowns doing?\" Phil asked his ruffles his hair. \"Good.\" Sonny replies. \"And never touch the hair.\" Doody warned him with a smirked making them laughed as they left and Kenickie patted his back. \"Hey bud, still fighting with Rizzo?\" Phil asked smirking. \"Oh brother.\" Kenickie said as they laughed and Kenickie laughed. \"Welcome back Phil.\" Danny said shaking his hand. \"Come here you idiot.\" Phil said side hugging Danny. Then Danny left the room and Phil walks over to his baby brother. \"How are you feeling little brother?\" Phil asked. But Putzie didn't responded, he just kept looking down. \"Putzie, I'm fine. I promise.\" Phil said. \"How can you not be mad at me?\" Putzie asked looking at his brother. \"Because I knew it wasn't you.\" Phil told him. Then Putzie looked down feeling bad. \"And…what did he mean by…feeling weak, lonely and…feel like you can't do anything?\" Phil asked him. \"Well…I don't know…you know they lied right…That's what I heard, I think.\" Putzie says. Then Phil chuckles at him. \"Look little brother, if you did or didn't think that or say that…I want you to know that you are strong, smart and never alone.\" Phil told him. \"Promise me?\" \"Of course Philly.\" Putzie smiled. Then Phil smiled. \"Good, because you know when I left for college…I told the guys…epically Danny to look out for you…and protect you while I'm away.\" Phil told him. Then Putzie smiled at his older brother. \"And make sure you and the boys made sure Pammy never get a boyfriend.\" Phil added as they laughed, \"Don't worry, they always have my back and epically about the boyfriend part.\" Putzie says. \"Yeah,\" Phil replied. Then Putzie frowned. \"What's wrong?\" Phil asked. \"But what about those people…who I…hurt and killed…\" Putzie asked. \"Putzie…it wasn't you.\" Phil told him. \"Yes it was Phil, those sweet innocent people's blood were on my hands.\" Putzie says. \"I'm scared.\" \"Putzie, remember when were really small and mom, dad and me told you how God forgives everyone if they feel guilty for the things they did.\" Phil told him. \"He still loves you.\" \"But….just in case, can you….take me to…confession…when I get out?\" Putzie asked him. \"Of course baby brother.\" Phil said as he soothed his hair. \"God don't want anything to happen to you.\" \"Because he loves me.\" Putzie says. Then Phil chuckles and nods his head. \"Yes he does.\" Phil smiled. \"Thanks big brother and I am also so glad your back also.\" Putzie said. \"Thanks kiddo.\" Phil said. \"And one more thing, have you and Jan…you know?\" Phil asked as he winked. Then Putzie chuckles at him. \"No we haven't, not until we're married.\" Putzie said. Then Phil chuckles at him. \"That's my boy.\" Phil said ruffling his hair and stood up. \"Well I'm gonna let you rest, Kay.\" \"Phil…you just got back…can you um…you know?\" Putzie asked. \"Scoot over little brother.\" Phil said sitting down next to his little brother, putting his good arm around him. \"Sleep tight baby brother,\" He whispers. Then Danny came in. \"How is he?\" Danny asked. \"Just fell asleep.\" Phil told him. Then Danny nods his head and walked over to the bed. \"Hey Danny uh…I gotta say, thank you.\" Phil said. Danny looks at Phil. \"For taking care of my brother…\" Phil said. \"Protecting him, looking out for him and being the big brother he needed when I was away.\" Then Danny smiled. \"Anytime Phil,\" Danny smiled. Then they laughed when they heard snoring.[Chapter 10] After few weeks, Putzie was out of the hospital, healthy and happy. He was at frosty with Jan. \"Jan, I'm so sorry I gave you the scare.\" Putzie apologizing. \"It's ok Putz, I knew it wasn't you.\" Jan tells him. \"Yeah, but I…did something I swore to myself I would never do in my life.\" Putzie said. \"I hurt you; I um…hit you, and slap you…that's not me.\" \"Putzie,\" Jan said stopping him. \"I forgive you.\" Putzie looks at her. \"I love you.\" Jan said kissing his cheek. \"I love you, too.\" Putzie smiled. Then they saw the guys and the girls came in. \"Hey Putzie, how are you feeling?\" Sandy asked him. \"I'm ok now. But there's something I want to say.\" Putzie started. \"Putzie, it's ok. We knew it wasn't you and we still love you.\" Rizzo says. Then Putzie smiled. \"Thanks girls.\" Putzie says. \"Kay little bro you ready to go?\" Phil asked him. Then Putzie nods his head as he stood up. \"Where are you going?\" Frenchy asked him. \"Oh you remember what I told you guys about how the guys are gonna take Putzie to confession?\" Sandy asked them. \"Oh yeah, good luck.\" Marty said kissing his cheek. \"She kissed his cheek.\" Sonny said looking at Kenickie who chuckles at him. \"I'll come.\" Jan offers. \"It's ok Jan, I'll see you later.\" Putzie said kissing her cheek.[Chapter 11] This is the last chapter! Then the guys left. After a while, the guys were outside of the church waiting for Putzie to be done. \"What time do you think they'll be done?\" Sonny asked. \"Pretty soon.\" Danny said. \"But it could take a while still, because Putzie felt so bad for what he did.\" Phil told them. The guys nod their head. \"How's Pammy doing?\" Danny asked. \"She was pretty shook up.\" \"She's fine; she's also been protecting his side at night too.\" Phil said. \"Awww, she was worried about him.\" Kenickie said. They chuckles at him and they saw Putzie walking out with the priest. \"Well thank you for taking your time to help me father.\" Putzie said as the guys walked over to them. \"Roger, I always have time to talk to you children and help you.\" Father James told him. \"And there was no doubts in my mind that I would think you were doing those things.\" Then Putzie smiled. \"Just remember this son, God loves you and he always here when you need him.\" Father James said placing his hand on Putzie's chest where his heart his. \"Thanks father James.\" Phil smiled. \"My pleasure son,\" Father James smiled. \"Have good day boys.\" \"You too,\" Danny smiled as Father James walked back inside. \"Well little brother, how do you feel?\" Phil asked Putzie. \"Actually, a lot better.\" Putzie smiled. \"That's my babyface.\" Kenickie smiled. \"Yeah, and guys…thanks for having my back and looking out for me all these years.\" Putzie tells them. \"I mean it.\" The guys smiled at the younger greaser. \"You guys are really the best brothers a guy could ask for.\" Putzie smiled as he put his arm around his big brother Phil. \"Well you boys are the best little bros ever a guy could ask for too.\" Phil smiled as he pats Danny's face and puts his arms around his little brother and Doody. \"I agree Phil.\" Danny said putting his arm around Putzie and Sonny. \"Epically our 3 dorky stooges…\" Kenickie smirked as he puts his arm around Doody and ruffles his hair. \"Hey!\" Sonny, Doody and Putzie all yelled. The 3 older boys chuckle at him. \"Come on boys, let's go home.\" Phil said. Then the boys walked home being happy and laughing at each other jokes. Thanks for reading! :) ","Summary":" This is my Grease horror story, if you're gonna be mean, DON'T review! A Girl with beautiful blonde"},{"Movie":"Evil Dead Army of Darkness","Title":"Fistful of Boomstick","Author":"brokenwriting","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12648204","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This fic is sort of a response to this one, by jolie-in-the-underground on Tumblr: s/12596292/1/ The prompt: \" What if soulmates were a thing, like monsters knew who their soul mate was if they met them. Their current S/O finds out about soulmates and either wasn't told they were the soulmate or they aren't the soulmate and start to panic because what will happen if their monster leaves them.\" In the fanfic, the reader gets abandoned by Underfell Sans after he cheats on them with his 'soulmate'. This is my response, along with some other pent-up anger. This is kind of a reader-insert, but it's more like an angry self-insert. Pronouns and names aren't used much, if not at all. The prompt/main idea for this fanfiction: \"After Sans left you for that whore, you couldn't contain your anger. You somehow forced a RESET, and have dedicated yourself to destroying everything Sans loves- dragging his 'soulmate' along for the ride. TRIGGER WARNING: This is based off of Undertale's \"No-Mercy\" route. It contains torture, murder, fighting, cursing, degrading content, and major character death. Do not proceed if you are triggered by such content. Also: if you refer to the No-Mercy run as gen/o/ci/de, please leave. I'd prefer if you were 16+ while reading this. This fic is rated M for a reason![Chapter 2] p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"You followed Ash to the church. Right outside of it was a giant turquoise tornado. At least, it looked like it, but it stayed in place. Once in a while, it would flash white, and one of the demons would spawn./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"Before you got to the church, you got to have a proper look at Ash. He has many scars on his tan face, with black curly hair coming down. He wore a light blue button-up shirt that was partially ripped. The right sleeve was gone completely. Where his right hand should be was a red chainsaw. On his back was a holster for his shotgun. His jeans were brown, and covered in blood./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"\"So… what happened at the cabin?\" you has asked./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"Ash snorted. \"Why do you wanna know?\"/p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"\"Well, you obviously have experience with these things, so I figured it would help to understand how to defeat them.\" you said./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"\"It's easy to defeat 'em. A nice blast with the boomstick usually gets them.\" he responded./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"\"Well, what exactly happened with your hand?\" you said./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"\"The deadites possessed my hand, so I cut it off and replaced it with this.\" He held up the chainsaw./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"\"How did they spawn?\"/p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"\"Knowby's tapes. But obviously, no one believed me, so here we are.\" Ash said. His tone clearly told you to back off./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"At the church, the tornado rumbled viciously. You walked inside the church, casting a weary glance at the tornado. Trisha and Eldridge were right next to the pastor./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"\"There you are!\" Trisha shouted, running up to you. \"I thought you were following us!\"/p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"\"I was, but I-\" Trisha cut you off by hugging you. You noticed that her orange shirt was a bit damp. And itchy, like usual./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"While Ash caught up, you got a look at Eldridge. He had a monocle on his right eye, which both were small and beady. His gray hair was slicked to the side. He wore a black suit, with a rose protruding from one pocket./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"\"Pardon my French, Padre, but what the hell is that out there?\" Ash asked the pastor, coming up behind you./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"\"Well, I think it's a vortex. One that allows the demons to come to our world.\" the pastor responded. \"Throwing in an item of pure silver should close it. I think that-\" He was cut off by a shotgun blast. You looked over at the source, and saw Ash with the shotgun over his shoulder. Behind him was the corpse of a deadite falling down./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"\"Continue.\" Ash said./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"\"I think that a gang of bikers robbed a jewelry store last night. If you can find them, you can probably persuade them to give any silver items up.\" The pastor said, eyeing Ash with distain./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"\"Trust me, living or dead, I can be real persuasive.\" Ash said, turning around. You followed him back outside, Trisha shouting at you to be careful./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"You followed him back to the T.V. station, watching him shoot down a few deadites on the way. In the parking lot was a biker flashing a knife at the creatures. Ash quickly took them down, then started talking to the biker. While he was busy, you did some snooping around the parking lot. You found a silver pendant with some weird markings on it./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"\"Hey, Ash!\" you called. \"I found some silver!\"/p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"You walked over and gave it to him. The biker thanked you both for your help, and then took off. About twenty feet away, he was immediately taken down by one of the deadites. Well then./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"While the biker was being fed on, you turned to Ash./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"\"Why are you helping us?\" you blurted. \"I mean, if everyone keeps doubting your story, why?\"/p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"He looks at you weirdly, like you just asked him to start doing ballet./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"\"Cause.\" He said before delivering a blow with his chainsaw to the newly-made deadite biker. \"I hate these things. Even if I hate people, I hate demonic zombies even more.\" He fires another round. \"Why are you still following me?\"/p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"You stop and think. \"I don't know.\" you admit./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"After taking care of the deadites in the area, Ash led you to the portal. He tossed in the pendant, and the portal shot back into the sky, disappearing. Unfortunately, looking over the buildings, more vortexes were spawning. You mentally groaned./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"After wandering around, collecting silver items from various bikers, and watching Ash kill deadites, you finally closed all the portals, save one. It was in front of the city's university. It was surrounded by police officers. Ash pushed one of the cops out of the way and approached the vortex./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"The cops wouldn't let you pass, however. Instead, you stood on the street corner, watching the streets for deadites. While you had been exploring, Ash had killed every one before they got too close. He hadn't allowed you to have any sort of action. Not that you would be able to help. A Swiss army knife wouldn't do much against a force of hell./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"You were jolted out of your thoughts when something grabbed your shoulder and bit down. You screamed, turning around and waving your knife. One of the possessed had grabbed you. You slashed, but it didn't do anything. You backed away quickly, but you backed into another one of the creatures. They were surrounding you. Oh God, you didn't want to die! You still had to-/p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"Again, you were dragged out of your thoughts. A gun fired, and the demons dropped, one by one. Ash appeared, grabbing your shoulder and shaking you./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"\"(Y/N)! Are you okay?! Get up!\" he shouted./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"You shivered, not realizing how cold you were. Your flesh seemed to be crawling. Sweat poured down your face. You let out a groan, pushing Ash's hand away. You stood up, swaying on your feet./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"A surge of power raced through your veins. You reached forward and ripped the gun out of Ash's hands, then kicked him in the crotch. You grabbed and pulled off the chainsaw with supernatural strength, holding it above Ash. You pulled the wire, revving it./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; min-height: 1px; color: #444444;\"You didn't realize you were grinning until Ash's blood splattered your face./p[Chapter 3] p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"You woke up with a start./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"Light poured through the glass dome in the ceiling. A dinosaur's skeleton was on a pedestal in the middle of the room; its tail was directly above you. You were lying down on the floor, propped up by what felt like a jacket./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"You slowly sat up, and people were immediately all over you./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"\"Oh my God, you're awake!\" squealed Trisha's voice. \"I thought we lost you!\"/p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"You groaned. \"What happened?\"/p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"\"Ash said you were waiting on the street corner, when a deadite attacked you! Ash killed it before it did anything, but you passed out.\" Trisha said./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"\"So… I didn't hurt him?\" you asked./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"\"What?\" Trisha said, confused./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"\"(Y/N/)!\" a voice yells. You look over and see Ash running towards you. \"Oh God, you're okay!\"/p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"\"Oh thank God, you're alive!\" you gasped, remembering your nightmare. You pushed yourself up, Trisha helping. \"I had this awful dream where I- where you…\" You tried not to fall over or cry. You had only known him for a couple hours, but you couldn't stand the thought of him dying./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"Trisha steadied you. Ash held out something wrapped in tin foil./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"\"You've been out for a couple hours. Eat this, it'll help.\" he said, passing it to you. You opened the foil, and discovered (choice of sandwich)./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"\"So, what's the plan?\" you asked./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"\"I have to go find Eldridge. He said that there's a 'summoning stone' hidden here, the museum. He's over by the Civil War exhibits. Ash will find survivors and get whatever help he can. And you're coming with me.\" Trisha said./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"\"But-\" you contradicted./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"\"No buts. Go with Trisha.\" Ash said, looking at you. You stuck your tongue out at him./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"You leaned on Trisha and made your way up the museum stairs. They had velvet carpet on the sides, and marble in the middle, where you walked. The stairs wrapped around each side of the museum, and were parallel. Behind the dinosaur exhibit were three doors: in the middle, to the basement, to an American Revolution era exhibit on one side, and a door on the other that led to a pioneering-era exhibit./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"At the top of the stairs on the east wing was an Egyptian exhibit, which led to the Civil War exhibit. You couldn't see the other./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"You sat down after Trisha sealed the gates that served as a door. Eldridge was wandering around the exhibit, looking at artifacts. Man, that guy was weird./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"Trisha sat next to you, folding her orange skirt over her knees and almost to her knee-high socks. She pushed up her black glasses, and began filling you in on what you had missed./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"After you passed out, Ash had already closed the portal. A policeman had yelled, seeing you faint, which alerted Ash. He carried you to Trisha, then got the key from the museum, and all three of you bunkered down in the museum until you woke up. Ever since you entered the museum, the deadites were strangely quiet. None of them had shown up./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"After about an hour of waiting and playing thumb war with Trisha, you heard a slam on the door. You looked and saw one of the deadites clawing at the gate. It hungrily yelled, looking at you and Trisha./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"Trisha screamed, and Eldridge whipped around. He just watched it, not bothering to help either of you get away if it got in. If you weren't scared out of your mind, you would have-/p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"em style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant: inherit; font-weight: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: inherit; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box;\"BLAM. /emA gunshot went off. Trisha jumped to her feet. Ash had appeared behind the gate, kicking the deadite's corpse./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"Trisha sighed with relief, pulling you up./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"\"Any luck?\" Trisha asked./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"\"No.\" Ash responded. \"The gates are stuck, I have to get to the control room to unlock them. I just came to check up, and I'm glad I did.\"/p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"\"Thanks,\" you said. \"Those things are scarier up close.\"/p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"Ash looked at you weirdly, then walked back off to do… whatever./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; min-height: 1px; color: #444444;\"You didn't know what you felt about him, but it was… a warm feeling./p[Chapter 4] p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"You've never been so bored before, nor so worried out of your mind./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"Ash had been gone for a couple hours. Once in a while, you'd hear a distant gunshot, or a barrage of them, confirming that your hero was still alive./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"Trisha had been wandering around, looking at exhibits. Eldridge was reading through the information booklet near the back of the room. In the back of the room were glass cases, that held the Union uniforms from the Civil War. You'd heard it time and time again when you moved here; Dearborn was once the sight of a Confederate-Union battle, where casualties were stacked as high as you could get./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"You had also been wandering around, looking at the exhibits. Near the back was a large crack in the beige wall. You swore you could see light glowing from it…/p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"An explosion pulled you out of your thoughts. It seemed to be below you, one or two levels. Then the gate to the exhibit opened./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"You backed away, hiding behind one of the cases, just in case a deadite came. Trisha hid behind the pile of boxes next to you, and Eldridge disappeared./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"Then came a soft snarling, footsteps padding towards the room. You glanced at Trisha, knowing what was coming. In the gateway appeared one of the demons, blood from various cuts on its body making a trail of blood. It crept closer, and closer, while you and Trisha held your breath. It was a foot away from your hiding spot./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"A shout came from the entrance, and a gunshot went off, causing your ears to ring. The creature was blasted backwards into a wall, and blood went everywhere, including on you. You peeked around the corner and saw Ash walking further into the room./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"\"Guys? You here?\" he called. You sighed in relief, and stood up./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"\"That was gross!\" squealed Trisha. \"It's all over me!\"/p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"\"Too bad, hon.\" Ash said. \"That's what happens when you unleash an army of undead onto Dearborn.\"/p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"Trisha huffed, crossing her arms. Eldridge appeared again, from behind another stack of boxes./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"\"Hey, doc,\" Ash called, pulling out a weird key-like thing. \"Any idea what this is?\"/p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"\"That appears to be a supernatural attuning device,\" Eldridge said. \"It calls out the magic crystals that might be around, and in turn, it vibrates when close to one of them.\"/p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"\"That might be related to the strange light in the crack in the wall over there,\" you said, remembering the lights. \"It seems to be glowing. Here, it's this way.\"/p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"You led Ash to the crack, and he went over to examine it. \"I could blast it.\" he said. \"Stand back.\"/p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"You jogged back over to Trisha and Eldridge, now standing by the gate. You watched as Ash lit something on fire, threw it, and began sprinting towards you guys. Whatever he threw exploded, and bits of the wall flew. Thankfully, the room was very large, so you were out of the way./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"Ash went back to examine the wall, now more like a crater. You followed him while Trisha began talking to Eldridge about something./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"In the area where the explosion went off was a strange new wall. It was made of bricks, that glowed purple. Engraved in the bricks were four symbols; fire, lightning, water, and a green eye./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"\"Well, at least em style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant: inherit; font-weight: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: inherit; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box;\"you/em know what you're doing,\" Ash said. \"I want you to come with me this time, I could use your brains, (y/n).\"/p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"You felt your cheeks warm at his compliment. \"T-thanks.\" you stuttered./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"You followed Ash back out to the museum. There were four crystals to find; one in the Ice Age exhibit, one in the geology exhibit, one in the colonial exhibit, and one in the basement. Along the way, there was a surprising lack of deadites. their corpses littered the group, but none were still moving./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"You made your way back to the strange wall. Ash placed the crystals in the areas where their colors matched the carvings, and the stone began to move. It slid down from its position, and what opened was a long hallway. You looked at Ash, and he nodded./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"\"Take this,\" he said, holstering his gun and pulling a shovel from the exhibit on your left. \"Maybe you can help some more, (beautiful/handsome).\"/p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"\"What's this?\" Trisha asked, coming up behind you. \"I guess the rumors about Nathaniel Payne were true.\"/p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"\"What rumors?\" you asked./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"\"Nathaniel Payne was known for collecting occult artifacts. This is why we are here, just in case he might have the Kandarian Summoning Stone. He went missing about twenty years ago, and some say he had built a temple under the museum, and left to continue working on it.\" Eldridge responded, beady eyes shifting to you./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"\"Summoning what?\" you asked, confused. This was all a bit over your head; they must have discussed this while you were unconscious./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"\"The Kandarian Summoning Stone is an artifact that relates to the Necronomicon. It gives one the power to control- er, destroy the demons summoned.\" Eldridge said./p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; color: #444444;\"Ash shrugged. \"Whatever. Let's just see where this goes.\"/p p style=\"-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; outline: none 0px; -webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent; margin: 15px 0px 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; font-variant-numeric: inherit; font-variant-east-asian: inherit; font-stretch: inherit; line-height: inherit; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 14px; vertical-align: baseline; box-sizing: border-box; min-height: 1px; color: #444444;\"All three of you followed Ash into the tunnel, connecting to Payne's temple./p[Chapter 5] This chapter is slightly cringey because the dialogue is taken from the game. Don't blame me, please. The hall led to a giant foyer. The entire room was made of marble, with the colors consisting of peaches and grays. Torches were on the walls, and the chandelier was lit up by candles. Deadites streamed around you. Ash started shooting, you staying near Trisha and hitting any that got too close with your shovel. Moving on, the four of you entered the main chamber, where a looming statue was placed in the middle. The statue looked like a giant man hunched over. The waistline was embedded in a giant boulder, almost as if the sculptor was working on the top half and decided to take a break. \"Hello?\" Ash called, motioning for you, Trisha, and Eldridge to stay back. \"I'm looking for a Nathaniel Payne? Nathaniel Payne?\" A pause. \"I-it's about the Kandarian Summoning Stone? …Look, I'll give it right back, okay?\" Ash said, his voice echoing around the room. Icy prickles traveled up your spine. Something here was bad- very bad. \"WHO DISTURBS MY REST?!\" a demonic voice yelled, echoing throughout the room. \"Woah… Look, maybe this isn't a good time… I can come back!\" Ash responded. \"No, this is the perfect time.\" The statue started moving. \"FOR YOU TO DIE!\" A green glow emitted from the statue. It was Payne, now a deadite. Ash jumped back in surprise, then revved his chainsaw. \"Time to play. Come on, babe!\" he said, pulling you into battle. You managed to use your shovel as a shield by accident after Payne threw… something at you. Ash started shooting, but his bullets had no affect on the monster. \"Use the shovel! Bash whatever he throws back into that ugly face!\" Ash shouted over Trisha squealing. You panicked and swung the shovel wildly the what Payne was throwing (they appeared to be rocks on fire), until Ash pushed you out of the way. Payne was now throwing red bolts of energy, which narrowly missed Ash. You ran alongside Ash, frightened and confused. Payne roared when Ash helped you slam one of the burning rocks back at him. He rubbed where it hit, growling angrily. \"Wretched mortals!\" Payne screeched, looking as if he was having a fit. You would have laughed if you weren't scared on behalf of your life. The pattern repeated for a while: Payne would throw rocks, when one would hit him, he'd throw the bolts of energy, and so on. Finally, the last rock hit him, and deadite-Payne roared in pain (Get it?). Ash stood in the way of you and the dying deadite, as he collapsed and melted. \"Well,\" Ash said once it was silent again, \"that was interesting.\" \"Interesting?! I could have been killed! You're supposed to be the hero here!\" you yelled, forcing Ash to face you. \"Hey, no sweat. You're alive. This'll be over once Eldridge gets working.\" Ash said, motioning for Eldridge to collect the stone at the base of Payne's… remains. \"Now, Trisha,\" Ash mused, walking to her as you were forced back, \"what happens now?\" \"I don't know, Ash.\" Trisha said, batting her eyelashes. Ugh. Trisha did this to every boy she could find. Now that there was no more danger, she was free to flirt openly with Ash. It made your blood boil, for some reason. \"How about a date? You, me, and a nice restaurant in the city?\" Ash said, smirking. \"I'm not sure. Some people say you're crazy. I-\" she was cut off by a chanting come from Eldridge. You turned around and saw another blue portal being opened. Eldridge was standing at its base, his back towards you and the two others. \"All things that once were, and will be…\" Eldridge growled, \"…dead by dawn!\" He turned around and you saw his face pale and his eyes grow darker, if it was possible. The portal bent around him, almost like it was bending to his will. It absorbed him, and he was gone in a flash. \"Hold up on the lovin', girly.\" Ash said to Trisha. \"Looks like not all of us are on the same side.\" \"Wait, you're not thinking about going in there?! Are you crazy?!\" Trisha yelled, pulling on Ash's arm. You strangely wanted to bash her face in. \"Crazy is as crazy gets, babe.\" Ash said, pulling her close. \"Gimme some sugar.\" He kissed her. You felt your world crashing around you- and not just literally. You understood, in that instant, you loved Ash, and he just kissed your best friend. You kicked yourself for ever liking him. You were no better than Trisha. Ash left Trisha's side and vanished into the portal. You turned to Trisha, your voice shaking. \"I have to go with him.\" \"No!\" she gasped, lurching forward to grab your arm. But you were already gone. i regret everything. Don't blame me; this is how the game is actually scripted.[Chapter 6] p style=\"margin: 1em 0px 0px; color: #444444; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 15px;\"span style=\"font-weight: bold;\"This will be less… traumatic as I'm not using the game script./span/p hr style=\"border-right: 0px; border-left: 0px; border-top-style: solid; border-bottom-style: solid; border-top-color: #e6e6e6; border-bottom-color: transparent; border-image: initial; box-sizing: content-box; height: 0px; margin: 16px auto; width: 108px; color: #444444; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 15px; background-color: #ffffff;\" / p style=\"margin: 0px; color: #444444; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 15px;\"You felt like every inch of your body was being stretched. You were about to scream in pain as it got worse, but it stopped. And then you were falling./p p style=\"margin: 1em 0px 0px; color: #444444; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 15px;\"You landed on your behind, a groan escaping. Luckily, it didn't feel like you bruised your tail bone as you stood up./p p style=\"margin: 1em 0px 0px; color: #444444; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 15px;\"Scanning your surroundings, you were in a graveyard. A dead tree stood in the center, its winding branches reaching for the darkening sky. Dead bodies were scattered around you. Looks as if Ash had just passed through./p p style=\"margin: 1em 0px 0px; color: #444444; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 15px;\"You heard a groan behind you, and as you looked, you saw a deadite. Before you could react, a gunshot went off, and the demon was dead./p p style=\"margin: 1em 0px 0px; color: #444444; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 15px;\"You nearly cried in relief, thinking it was Ash, when a slight British accent said, \"Are you alright, (sir/miss)?\"/p p style=\"margin: 1em 0px 0px; color: #444444; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 15px;\"You turned around, again, and were greeted with an off-brand George Washington. Powdered wig, tailcoat, and bayonet. You didn't know where you had ended up,, but it appeared to be back in time./p p style=\"margin: 1em 0px 0px; color: #444444; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 15px;\"\"It's dangerous to be in these woods alone. Here, let me get you back to town.\" the man said, offering his arm./p p style=\"margin: 1em 0px 0px; color: #444444; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 15px;\"You politely declined. \"Actually, I'm looking for someone. He might have passed through here some time ago. His name is Ash Wiliams- black hair, nice jawline, V-line, and-\" you stopped yourself./p p style=\"margin: 1em 0px 0px; color: #444444; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 15px;\"\"You mean Blacksmith Williams? Yes, he went off to town about an hour ago. You might catch him at his forge. Here, let me accompany you.\" the man said. \"I'm Johnathan. Johnathan Jones.\"/p p style=\"margin: 1em 0px 0px; color: #444444; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 15px;\"\"Nice to meet you, Johnathan. I'm (y/n).\" you responded, following him as he went off along the path./p p style=\"margin: 1em 0px 0px; color: #444444; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 15px;\"About ten minutes later, you saw torches burning. \"Mr. Williams is just down two streets, and to the left. You'll see the shop sign. Be careful, (y/n). I have to get back to patrol. Good luck.\" Johnathan saluted, and retreated back into the woods. Looks like you're on your own, now./p p style=\"margin: 1em 0px 0px; color: #444444; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 15px;\"Following his directions, you heard gunshots in the direction you were heading. You stopped near the gate. A sign hung above you, in the shape of an anvil and hammer. More gunshots went off behind the gate, and soon they stopped. You opened the gate./p p style=\"margin: 1em 0px 0px; color: #444444; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 15px;\"\"I told y'all, I-\" the blacksmith stopped, seeing you. He narrowed his eyes, still having his gun pointed at you, leaning close. \"You're not one of 'em. Thank God.\" he said, dropping his arms to his side./p p style=\"margin: 1em 0px 0px; color: #444444; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 15px;\"He looked a lot like Ash, just a bit shorter and not dressed like him. He wore a white shirt and black pants, with coal covering him. You noticed burns all over his hands and face./p p style=\"margin: 1em 0px 0px; color: #444444; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 15px;\"\"Um, hi? I'm (y/n). I'm looking for someone named Ash-\" you started./p p style=\"margin: 1em 0px 0px; color: #444444; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 15px;\"\"Oh, the boomstick boy? Yeah, he just left. Should be back soon, I reckon.\" the blacksmith said, swaying slightly. He was slightly drunk, judging by the bottle he held in the hand that wasn't holding the gun. \"Just call me Williams. Everyone does.\"/p p style=\"margin: 1em 0px 0px; color: #444444; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 15px;\"\"Okay,\" you said, still wary of the man. \"do you know which way he went? I need to find him; it's kind of important.\"/p p style=\"margin: 1em 0px 0px; color: #444444; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 15px;\"\"He'll be back soon, but if ya really want to get 'im, he went to the barnyard. Just follow the streets west, you'll see it.\" Williams answered. \"But you'll never make it without a weapon. I could give ya something, it'll be enough. Wait here.\"/p p style=\"margin: 1em 0px 0px; color: #444444; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 15px;\"You did as he said, nervously looking around. Why did you decide to do this? It was stupid to follow Ash into the portal. You mentally slapped yourself for being so stupid./p p style=\"margin: 1em 0px 0px; color: #444444; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 15px;\"\"Here ya go. A hand scythe. Sharp, so be careful. Those dead dumbasses won't stand a chance. Not many around after the patrol made rounds, but just in case.\" Williams said, surprising you slightly./p p style=\"margin: 1em 0px 0px; color: #444444; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 15px;\"\"Thanks.\" you responded, taking the scythe. It was short, with a fitting handle and sharp edges. \"If he gets back before I do, keep him here, okay?\"/p p style=\"margin: 1em 0px 0px; color: #444444; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 15px;\"\"Godspeed, (y/n). See ya soon.\" He retreated back into his forge./p p style=\"margin: 1em 0px 0px; color: #444444; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 15px;\"You were alone again. You went back to the street, wondering where the hell to go. 'West' wasn't really helpful- you didn't have a compass./p p style=\"margin: 1em 0px 0px; color: #444444; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 15px;\"\"Lost, (miss/sir)?\" A man said, turning the corner. Why did everyone appear out of nowhere?/p p style=\"margin: 1em 0px 0px; color: #444444; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 15px;\"\"Um, yeah. Where's the barnyard?\" you asked./p p style=\"margin: 1em 0px 0px; color: #444444; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 15px;\"The man's eyes widened. \"That's where all the demons are! Surely you aren't that stupid.\"/p p style=\"margin: 1em 0px 0px; color: #444444; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 15px;\"\"I'm looking for someone. He went there. I emhave/em to find him.\" you said./p p style=\"margin: 1em 0px 0px; color: #444444; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 15px;\"\"It's that way.\" He pointed. \"Please, don't be an idiot. Go to the church- it's where most of the survivors are.\"/p p style=\"margin: 1em 0px 0px; color: #444444; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 15px;\"You had started walking before he finished. The people here really freaked you out./p p style=\"margin: 1em 0px 0px; color: #444444; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 15px;\"The barnyard wasn't far from the town. It was quiet, oddly. You searched the barn, around it, and the farmhouse. Nothing but a few dead chickens and a cow that was still grazing, oblivious to the death around him./p p style=\"margin: 1em 0px 0px; color: #444444; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 15px;\"You hurried back to the smithy. The yard was empty. A few bodies littered the ground, filled with holes and several slashes. Covering your nose, you knelt to examine the slashes further. They appeared to be made from a chainsaw- Ash had just left./p p style=\"margin: 1em 0px 0px; color: #444444; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 15px;\"You got back up and nervously knocked on the smithy doors. No one answered. You tried to open the door, but it was locked. You banged on it again, and instantly regretted making so much noise./p p style=\"margin: 1em 0px 0px; color: #444444; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 15px;\"Snarling came from behind you. Whipping around, one of the deadites had stumbled from the copse of trees near the gates. Its friends followed./p p style=\"margin: 1em 0px 0px; color: #444444; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 15px;\"You were trapped. You quickly scanned the area for an exit, but to no prevail. You were going to die./p p style=\"margin: 1em 0px 0px; color: #444444; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 15px;\"A million thoughts swarmed your mind- regrets, accomplishments, wishes. At least you tried to help save the world. But now you'd become one of them./p p style=\"margin: 1em 0px 0px; color: #444444; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 15px;\"They were a yard away. You took a deep breath, and raised your hand scythe. You'd go down fighting./p p style=\"margin: 1em 0px 0px; color: #444444; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 15px;\"The first one to reach you received a slash to the face. You kicked it in the knees, so it fell over. The second one had a knife, so you brought down the scythe into his head, killing it./p p style=\"margin: 1em 0px 0px; color: #444444; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 15px;\"The rest came too quickly. You didn't have time to pull your weapon free, or grab the knife, or even get out your own./p p style=\"margin: 1em 0px 0px; color: #444444; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 15px;\"Their hands grasped at you, giggles and growls alike coming from the creatures. You realized you had begun to cry./p p style=\"margin: 1em 0px 0px; color: #444444; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 15px;\"\"I'm sorry, Ash!\" you whimpered as the demons scuffled around you, fighting to see who kills you first. The thoughts in your head increased, flashes of your friends and family filled your mind. You had let them down./p p style=\"margin: 1em 0px 0px; color: #444444; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 15px;\"A gunshot and a chainsaw whirring brought you back to reality. It was Ash- he was alive and here to save you./p p style=\"margin: 1em 0px 0px; color: #444444; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 15px;\"The demons fell, one by one, as you cowered against the smithy doors. Thankfully, they had only ripped a part of your shirt and left bruises and scratches./p p style=\"margin: 1em 0px 0px; color: #444444; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 15px;\"\"Are you insane?!\" Ash yelled, pulling you up. \"You could have died! You should have stayed with Trisha!\"/p p style=\"margin: 1em 0px 0px; color: #444444; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 15px;\"Tears overwhelmed you. You collapsed, sobbing into Ash's shirt. He pulled you to shelter beneath a tree, letting you cry and cry./p p style=\"margin: 1em 0px 0px; color: #444444; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 15px;\"\"Well, you've gotten into this mess,\" he said once you had calmed down, \"so we have to finish it. You're staying with me at all times.\"/p p style=\"margin: 1em 0px 0px; color: #444444; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 15px;\"You nodded weakly. Ash pulled you onto his back, letting you rest after crying. He was obviously shaken, but not as much as you./p p style=\"margin: 1em 0px 0px; color: #444444; font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', HelveticaNeue, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 15px;\"You still didn't tell him you loved him./p ","Summary":" This fic is sort of a response to this one, by jolie-in-the-underground on Tumblr: s/12596292/1/ Th"},{"Movie":"Evil Dead Army of Darkness","Title":"Stayin' Alive","Author":"Lady of Devices","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12198921","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Partially inspired by \"No Indians in my Cupboard\" by ReneeHouck, partially inspired by wondering what would happen if my OC and Ash met and how that would work out. I can't seem to write rude characters, so more of Ash's softer side shows than it probably should. Also, the chapters are short but hopefully the quality of the words makes up for their lack of quantity. Reviews, as always, are much appreciated. Enjoy! Ash took the potion from Arthur's Wise Man, kissed Sheila passionately, and rode off into the sunset. Or so it seemed. Really he rode just far enough to make it look good, sent the horse back home with a smack on its rear, took a swig of the potion—which tasted awful—and recited the words. Well, maybe not every single tiny little syllable, but basically he said them. Basically. Anyway, it took a few seconds for the stuff to take effect. Ash was just beginning to doubt the Wise Man's potion-brewing capabilities when he stumbled, feeling a little woozy, his vision blurred, and then...blackness. {(+)} Oh, boy, did I have a headache. I couldn't remember much of the past night, but it must have been some party to leave me feeling like something the cat dragged in. Wait. No, there hadn't been a party. Bits and pieces started coming back to me. Phew, what a nightmare. No. Not a nightmare, either. It had really happened. My sister, my friends, even my hand. The portal to the Dark Ages, the battle with the Deadites; it had all happened. Which meant... I sat bolt upright, peering around me. I was in the woods. I was back! I got to my feet, laughing with pure joy. \"I'm back, baby! Hahaha, yeah! \" I shouted, punching the air. Okay. First things first. Find the nearest town and get some real clothes. I was still in that ridiculous medieval getup. It might have been all right back then, but this was the eighties now. I couldn't very well stomp around the local S-Mart looking like a Round Table reject, could I? There was just one problem. I could see that I was in the woods, but I had no clue which ones. Or which direction the nearest town might be. I scowled. Had I faced down literal Hell for two nights in a row, gotten thrown into the Dark Ages, taken on an entire Deadite army led by my evil undead (and ugly) clone, and finally made it back to my own freaking time only to be defeated by the lack of a map? No way. So I spun around, arm outstretched, and when I stopped I was pointing at a gap between the trees that looked like a game trail. Good enough for me. I adjusted my cloak, set my jaw, and started walking. It was almost nightfall—which was making me a little twitchy considering I didn't have much ammo—when I spotted a building through the trees. Suddenly I knew exactly where I was. \"You gotta be kiddin' me,\" I muttered. An old wooden cabin stood before me, nestled deep within the Tennessee wilderness. Well, dark was coming on fast, so I didn't have much choice: either stick it out inside the cabin or roam the woods virtually unarmed. So I approached with a sigh, wondering if the vortex had swallowed all evidence of what had happened there or if I'd find still-fresh bodies inside. Wait a second. That couldn't be the same cabin. A truck and trailer were parked in front of it, a warm light glowed in the windows, and I could faintly hear...my God, was that music? It was. Zeppelin, no less. Suddenly feeling much more hopeful, I banged on the door. \"Hey! Open up, will ya?\"[Chapter 2] First off, sorry for missing the Friday update this week-the weekend was pretty busy and relatively wifi-less. Secondly, thank you very much to The Girl from Badlands for the favorite. It means a lot. :) Third and finally, just a reminder that reviews are always appreciated. Thanks, and enjoy! Ohh, it had been a long drive. One hundred percent worth it, though. I truly loved life on the road...but sometimes I just needed to spend a couple of weeks in a bed that wasn't on wheels. When that happened I drove up to my dad's old hunting cabin in Tennessee. It was up in the mountains and surrounded by woodlands. Apparently it used to be quite a dump, but dad had renovated it a while back. It was pretty nice for such an old place. My own little cabin in the woods. I sighed contentedly as I took off my boots, finally done with unloading groceries, feeding my cat Anya, and tidying up. It was amazing how much dust gathered between visits. Then I flopped down on the bed, tuned the radio to the local classic rock station (reception was surprisingly great in the area), and settled in for a nap. I was woken up by someone pounding on my door. Sitting up with a groan, I checked the clock. What time...man, I'd been asleep for hours. Whoever was outside was still making a ruckus. \"All right, all right,\" I mumbled, shuffling groggily to the door. It was pretty suspicious, actually, as my cabin was situated smack dab at the corner of No and Where. But the way I figured it, if whoever it was wanted to rob, rape, and/or murder me, they probably wouldn't start by making enough noise to wake the dead. So I opened the door a few inches, leaving it chained just in case, to see who it was. Some guy dressed in medieval-style clothes stood on my doorstep. What the heck? Maybe he was with a Middle Ages reenactment group or something. I'd participated in one a few times, and it was actually pretty fun. And, I had to admit, the costume looked good on him. Or what I could see of him in the dim light. \"Can I help you?\" His face was shadowed, but I could practically feel him looking me over. \"You know, I bet you can,\" he said, all charm. I cleared my throat. \"I meant with regards as to the reason you're wandering around the woods in a knight costume. Did your horse break down or something?\" He chuckled self-consciously, suddenly deflated. \"Heh, yeah. Actually, he went home and I'm...well, I'm lost.\" Inwardly, I rolled my eyes. The guy was obviously harmless. \"You need a ride?\" He hesitated. He seemed nervous. \"Right now?\" Maybe he didn't like the dark. I couldn't say I blamed him—these woods were dang creepy at night. I guess it could wait until morning. It wasn't like I was too eager to drive the two hours to town and then two hours back again after a whole day behind the wheel, anyway. \"You can stay the night if you want,\" I told him. \"But you're either sleeping in the trailer or on the couch. The bed is mine .\" I might have unconsciously bared my teeth a little—I was not giving up my first night in a real bed since last summer. \"Hey, no arguments here,\" he replied, holding up his hands in a gesture of surrender. \"In that case...\" I undid the chain and opened the door with an exaggerated curtsy. \"Welcome to my humble abode, sir knight. Nice breastplate, by the way.\" \"Thanks,\" he said absently, looking around the room as if trying to remember something. Suddenly his brown eyes widened, one dark eyebrow quirking at an almost comical angle, and he took a stumbling half-step backward. Swaggering self-confidence gone, he looked thoroughly shaken. \"No,\" he murmured.[Chapter 3] Sorry if I confused anyone last week with the point of view shift! In my excitement to share the story, I forgot to mention that the perspective will be switching between Ash and my OC every chapter. So since it started out with Ash narrating, all the odd-numbered chapters will be him and all the even-numbered ones will be Claire. The inside of the cabin was all too familiar. But it had to be a different one...just laid out exactly the same. Impossible! It had obviously been renovated, and none too recently. At least a few years ago. It couldn't possibly be the same one. And yet... \"No.\" The girl gave me a weird look. \"What?\" she asked, sounding confused. I shook my head hastily. \"Nothing. I just thought...the place looks familiar.\" She didn't seem convinced, but let it slide. \"Yeah, okay. Well, I'll grab you a blanket. You can leave your armor by the door. What's up with that, anyway? Are you with a reenactment group?\" I chuckled nervously. She'd never believe the truth. \"Something like that.\" The girl went into the next room and I looked around some more while I started undoing my breastplate. There was no doubt by this point. It was definitely the same cabin. I could feel it. But how? It was making me uneasy. I was distracted when my bulky prosthetic hand slipped on a buckle—stupid gauntlet. The girl came back just as I muttered an exasperated curse and tried again. She saw what I was up to and set a folded blanket on the arm of the couch. \"Why don't you try taking off that gauntlet first?\" she suggested dryly. \"Why don't you try detaching a hand?\" I snapped. Then I sighed, rubbing my eyes tiredly. It wasn't her fault. How could she know? \"Look, kid—\" I started. \"Kid? You'd better watch it, Sir Sourpuss, or you'll be sleeping in a pile of leaves. You can't be that much older than me.\" Really? She looked...sixteen or seventeen. Eighteen, maybe, but definitely not out of high school yet. \"Yeah?\" She raised her chin belligerently. \"Yeah,\" she retorted. \"In fact, I'm gonna be twenty-three in a few months.\" Twenty-two! Jeez. \"Wow. I, uh, never would have guessed.\" She snorted. \"Never mind. I'm used to it. Anyway, you were saying, about your gauntlet?\" Oh, right. I detached it and held it up to show her. \"Holy cheese and fudge on toast!\" she blurted. Well that was a new one. \"What...\" I couldn't resist a smile as I tossed her own line back at her. \"Don't worry. I'm used to it.\" A twist, a click, and the gauntlet was firmly reattached to the end of my right arm. She seemed sheepish enough, but offered only the practical apology of a truce. Gesturing to the buckle I'd been having trouble with, she asked, \"Need a hand with that?\" As soon as the words left her mouth, it was obvious she regretted them. Her cheeks turned bright red and she closed her eyes as if willing herself to become invisible. She looked so embarrassed I couldn't even be angry with her. I laughed. \"Sure, kid.\" Cheeks still burning, she stepped up to undo the buckle. She was kinda cute when she was flustered. \"Thanks,\" I said softly, my breath stirring her dark hair. She blushed even deeper and her fingers slipped. It took her a sec to regain her composure, then she lowered her head and finished unbuckling the breastplate with determined movements. I couldn't help but smirk at how easy it was to fluster her. \"My name's Claire, by the way,\" she spoke up suddenly, working on the last buckle and doggedly avoiding eye contact. \"Claire Hoskins.\" \"I'm Ash.\"[Chapter 4] I almost dropped the breastplate. Which would not have been good. I mean, it was made of real metal so there was no danger of it getting banged up but, thin as it was, it was still heavy enough to break my foot. \"Crap,\" I muttered, adjusting my grip. After setting it down in the corner by the door I straightened up to face my guest, who was eying me oddly. \"Ash, as in...Ashley Williams?\" I asked tentatively. Come to think of it, he did look an awful lot like those old newspaper pictures. But it couldn't be the same guy! It was impossible. He narrowed his eyes suspiciously. \"Yeah,\" he replied, wary. \"What's it to you?\" \"But—that's not—you went missing,\" I said, trying to get a grip on my thoughts. \"Presumed dead. Ashley J. Williams, his sister Cheryl, and friends Scott—\" \"I know their names,\" he snapped. \"I was there.\" \"But that was thirty years ago,\" I said quietly. He stared. \"Thirty...? No. No, it just happened. Just a few nights ago,\" he stammered. I couldn't offer an answer. After a second of shocked silence he sank into a chair. \"Jesus.\" It was simply not possible. But there was the living proof, sitting in my favorite armchair. Silence reigned as we both tried to wrap our heads around what was going on. In the background, I could hear the radio playing Bad Moon Rising . In that moment, it seemed so ridiculous that I had to stop myself from breaking down into a giggling fit. Suddenly Ash's expression clouded with anger and he clenched his fists. \"That damn wise man. I'm gonna find every single one of his descendants and throttle 'em. 'Thine own time'. Hah,\" he said, descending into grumbled curses. \"What?\" He wasn't making any sense. Before he could answer, there was a muffled thump and a soft scratching noise in the next room. He sprang to his feet, whipping out a shotgun from a holster hidden in his cloak and training it on my half-open bedroom door. \"Whoa, hey! What are you—\" He shushed me impatiently, listening as he advanced cautiously towards my room. Anya, my Russian Blue, slipped through the door. Skirting Ash with a scornful flick of her tail, she came straight for me, mewing softly. Ash let out the breath he'd been holding and lowered the gun, looking like he'd nearly had a heart attack. After gathering Anya in my arms, I glared at him. \"You almost shot my cat! What is wrong with you?\" \"You could have mentioned it sooner,\" he retorted. \"It didn't come up—I didn't think it was important!\" Anya gave me an injured look. I just scratched under her chin and she began purring contentedly, the slight to her dignity forgotten. He opened his mouth to say something, then stopped and shook his head. \"Ah, forget it,\" he muttered. Ash was still holding the shotgun. The fact that he'd seemed so ready to use it made him seem a bit...unstable. It made me nervous. So I reared up to my full height (which was barely past his shoulder) and said firmly, \"Put that away, please. You can have it back in the morning but until then I'd like to keep it locked up.\" Ash glowered at me and snorted. \"Fat chance. This place might have gotten a new paint job, but it's still the same cabin, and that means there's still something out there. I can feel it.\" His belligerence made me angry enough to forget that I was nervous. It wasn't an unreasonable request. I'd even said please. Ash might have spent a couple of nights in this cabin thirty years ago, but it was my home now. I glowered right back, unintimidated by the fact that he was a full head taller than me even without the help of his fluffy dark locks. \"I don't care who you are, what happened to you, or what you can feel. I'm not letting you hang onto a gun in my home.\" \"Why don't you try and take it, then?\" Ash challenged, his voice dangerously quiet. I narrowed my eyes. I couldn't take anything from him by force and he knew it. And I wasn't going to try, because I knew how it would end. Either I would embarrass myself, or someone—probably me—would get hurt. Quite possibly both. So I did the only sensible thing I could: stalked to the door and opened it. \"Get out.\"[Chapter 5] She glared at me, helpless to do anything about my decision. She knew she didn't have a snowflake's chance in Hell trying to take anything from me by force. I doubted she would even try. Then she walked to the door and told me to get out. \"What?\" I asked, taken aback. \"You heard me,\" she said, and coldly delivered an ultimatum. \"I will not allow you and that gun to be together under my roof, so either you part with it for a night or you pack up your armor and sleep in the woods. Have fun.\" I gave the woods a wary look through the open door and shifted uncomfortably. \"Can I at least expl—\" \"No,\" she interrupted flatly. \"You have five seconds to make a choice before I go get a gun of my own and make it for you.\" Jesus, she was serious. \"All right, all right.\" What choice did I have, really? I wasn't going back out there at night, no way. \"Here.\" I held out the shotgun reluctantly. Claire accepted it without any sign of hesitation and shut the door. She then took it down to the cellar, which she locked up behind her. I shuddered at the memory of everything that had happened down there. Honestly, she didn't even need to bother with the lock; I wasn't going in there without a Deadite on my tail. She still seemed pissed off when she came back up. Jeez, point a gun at her cat once and she never forgives you. I didn't see the big deal, it wasn't like I'd actually shot the thing. Without another look at me she stormed into the kitchen, where I could hear her clattering around. After a couple of uncomfortable minutes alone with her cat staring disapprovingly at me from the hearth, I figured that maybe I owed the kid an apology. An explanation, at least. I could still feel an undercurrent of evil surrounding the place, but it wasn't much more than a slight uneasiness. Actually, considering how my week had gone so far, that might have just been my well-developed paranoia. So I cautiously entered the kitchen, where Claire was chopping up vegetables with a very sharp knife and intense energy. I winced at the treatment those carrots were getting when I realized that she was probably imagining bits of me on the cutting board. \"Hey, Claire,\" I tried, false cheer practically dripping from my voice. She ignored me. \"What's cooking?\" Frosty silence. All right, there was nothing for it. \"Look, I'm sorry about the gun. You know I disappeared from here a while back, but you don't know how or why. I don't wanna tell you more than I have to, but...it wasn't pretty. I had to bury two of my friends, my sister, and my girlfriend. That shotgun helped me survive a lot of crap and, well, I guess I've gotten a little attached to it. Especially around here, I get itchy without a weapon nearby. You would too.\" There was the slightest falter in Claire's movements. Then she sighed, continuing her chopping with noticeably less ferocity. \"I'm sorry too. I just don't know what's going on and I don't like it when it looks like someone's in a 'shoot first and ask questions later' frame of mind. It's too easy to make a terrible mistake that way.\" She sounded like she had first-hand experience with that kind of thing. I wondered what had happened, but decided not to pry. \"D'you need a hand with anything in here? I can only offer one,\" I said, grinning. I was rewarded with a tiny smile. \"Sure,\" she said. \"These are for soup tomorrow; I'm going to put the crockpot on when I drive you into town. But if you could put a pot of water on to boil, I'll get to work on tonight's dinner as soon as I'm done with the carrots.\" I let out a sigh of relief. It sounded like Claire's foul mood had safely dissipated. Then I got the water boiling and helped in the kitchen until we were sitting down to bowls of chili and pasta. Suddenly I realized that I hadn't had real food in almost a week. This stuff was good. \"So,\" I asked between bites, \"What year is it exactly?\" Claire jumped a little, like she'd almost forgotten that I was from a different time. \"It's, um, it's 2016,\" she told me. 2016? Dammit, I really had been gone for thirty years. Well, a resourceful guy like me should have no problems adjusting to the new century, right? ...Right. I sighed. What a mess. \"I can help fill you in if you want,\" Claire said. \"The major stuff first, then whatever you're interested in from there.\" I gave her a weird look. \"You're taking the whole time travel thing really well,\" I said suspiciously. She shrugged, finishing a mouthful of pasta before saying simply, \"I watch a lot of Doctor Who.\" Wasn't ringing any bells, but I thought I detected a faint note of sarcasm. \"It's a British TV show about a time-traveling alien. Seriously though, chances are that either you're lying—no offense—or that this is a dream. And if you really are the Ash Williams that disappeared from this cabin, then, well...you're still just a person. It doesn't really matter how it happened. Magic, aliens, an act of God, who cares? You have more reason to be freaking out than I do.\" Huh. Well that was one heck of a broad-minded view, even if it did sound like she was still trying to convince herself of it. I couldn't help but laugh. \"You're quite the practical one, aren't ya?\" She looked embarrassed. \"There's just no point in screaming my head off over anything,\" she mumbled into her chili. \"Especially if it's not actually dangerous.\" \"I'm dangerous,\" I told her. She laughed. I gave her an indignant look. What was she laughin' for? \"You might be,\" she said, \"But you're still a dork.\" Oh. So that's what was so funny. I went sulkily back to my food. \"I'm sorry, Ash, but you are,\" she said, smiling. \"There's nothing wrong with being a dork, though. It doesn't negate your dangerousness, just...complements it. Like PB&J.; Kinda like me.\" I almost blurted 'you're not dangerous' before I remembered that look in her eye when she was slicing carrots. I wasn't sure if she was actually dangerous or not, but I did know that I was going to be giving her cat a wide berth. \"Hm,\" was all I said as I kept eating. I found myself wondering if she would survive a Deadite attack. I shook my head forcefully, dismissing the thought. The cabin had apparently been quiet for the past thirty years. Why should things suddenly act up now? I should damn well leave sleeping dogs lie.[Chapter 6] As warned, last week Ash's waaaaay softer side was revealed. Toldja I couldn't write brash characters. Anyway, just popping in to say thanks for the continued support; it's a good feeling to know that even a few of you out there think this is worth reading, haha. Also, sorry for always posting late. Every Friday I get this little niggling sense that I've left something undone, and it always turns out to be updating this thing. Anyway, I hope you continue to enjoy the story, even as it progresses further into madness and pointlessness. Ash seemed insulted when I called him a dork. I tried to make him lighten up, but he just became pensive. Suddenly he shook his head emphatically, as if to rid it of a bad thought. I looked at him curiously. \"What's up?\" I asked. He looked up, snapped out of his reverie. \"Hm?\" \"What were you thinking about? You looked grim.\" He took a deep breath, as if collecting—or dismissing—his thoughts. \"Ah, it was nothing. Don't worry about it.\" \"If you say so.\" He gave me a sour look. I held up my hands. \"Look, I don't mean to give you a hard time, man. I'm sure this whole evening has been weird for both of us. How about we just finish up with dinner and get to bed?\" He nodded tiredly. \"No kidding. It's been a long week.\" He looked like he could use some rest. \"I dunno what kind of crap you've been through, but you've been through a lot of it, and you definitely deserve a good night's sleep,\" I told him, then picked up our bowls and headed for the kitchen. Ash started to get up, but I waved him off. \"I got it. I've actually slept recently.\" He didn't even answer, just gave a tired, grateful sort of wave. \"Just make sure you take off your boots before you fall asleep,\" I called from in the kitchen. It had always been a steadfast rule in my family that there were absolutely no shoes on the furniture. Ever. I heard a mumbled \"yeah, yeah,\" as I rinsed the dishes. When I was done and came back out to the living room, it was to find Ash sprawled out on the couch, asleep. Spread out like that, he looked just like my big brother did when he was asleep. His boots were conspicuously placed in the middle of the floor. Smart Alec. I spread a blanket over him, collected Anya from her perch on the back of my armchair, and went to bed. It didn't take long to get to sleep but, for the first time I could remember, I didn't have a restful night at the cabin. I had all kinds of bad dreams. Falling, drowning, fire, giant bugs, zombies...burning zombie cockroaches. You name it. By the time morning rolled around, I was more tired than if I hadn't slept at all. I was usually an early riser at the cabin but when I got up Ash was already up and about, quietly pacing the main room. \"You're up early,\" I commented. He paused when he saw me, then went back to pacing. \"Couldn't sleep.\" \"Bad dreams?\" I asked. \"Yeah.\" \"Me too, which is weird. I never have nightmares here.\" Ash stopped. \"Never?\" I shook my head, already headed for the kitchen. \"Nary a one except for last night. Man, it was like an accumulation of all the bad dreams I should have had or something. Maybe it had something to do with a...a temporal disturbance or something, caused by you time-traveling here.\" Mm. What should I get us for breakfast? \"A what?\" He said, following me into the kitchen. \"Never mind. Just wibbly-wobbly, timey-wimey stuff.\" He gave me a wary look, muttering, \"Whatever that means.\" I didn't care if he thought I was weird. Faced with a real time-travel crisis, or space-time disturbance, or whatever, I was going to take all the help I could get. Even from Doctor Who. But back to the more important issue: breakfast. I decided on eggs, bacon and toast, then handed Ash a frying pan, distracted. \"Can you take this for a sec? Thanks. Now what the heck did I do with that toaster last time...\" Ash seemed to suddenly realize something. And judging from his expression, the realization was an alarming one. \"Claire, I think we should get out of here.\" \"What? Why?\" He hesitated. \"I don't know if you'll believe me, but somehow, I think that me being here is...waking something up. I thought we got rid of it. But you and I both had nightmares last night, and I've got this real bad feeling. It's like a rock sitting in my stomach.\" He started pacing again. \"I don't like this.\" I cracked a few eggs and started scrambling them. \"Relax. After breakfast I'll fill you in on the past thirty years. Maybe we can read up on Einstein's theory of relativity while we're at it. Then, if you don't want to stay here, you can get your gun and we'll drive into town. I could spot you fifty bucks or so...and get you some real clothes.\" After a moment of thought, I said, \"Actually, there might be something of mine that'll fit you for the trip to town. A shirt, anyway; I don't think any of my jeans would be long enough. Sorry.\" Ash didn't seem to hear. He just kept pacing. I had to make a grab for the frying pan as he passed me, then chase after him for it when I missed. When I grabbed his shoulder he nearly brained me with it. \"Jesus, Claire!\" \"Watch your mouth,\" I said reflexively as I took the pan. \"Now listen. There's a dresser in my room. Look in the second drawer and find a shirt that fits.\" Ash gave me a dubious look but didn't say anything. \"If you touch anything else I'll kill you. Then come back here and we'll have some breakfast. Eggs and bacon, yum,\" I finished. \"But—\" \" Eggs. And. Bacon, \" I repeated forcefully. \"Now go.\" With a defeated sigh, Ash left to do as he was told. ","Summary":" Partially inspired by \"No Indians in my Cupboard\" by ReneeHouck, partially inspired by wondering "},{"Movie":"Evil Dead Army of Darkness","Title":"Evil Dead: Into Darkness","Author":"Etno","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9628340","Passage":"[Chapter 1] She found herself with her face in the dirt. When she gathered enough strength to rise up onto her elbows, the air smelled burnt, and the sky looked to match. Confusion and disgust creeped up her spine in a cold brush. There was nothing left of what she believed to be London. It was broken and destroyed. \"It wasn't just an inferno that swept through here...\" Mia spoke to herself aloud. She pushed herself to her feet by her metallic hand in one swoop, picking up the chainsaw that had fallen with her possessions straight after. She spun on her heel to look in the space around her, dusting off her torn crimson dress with her free hand. \"If that book could fuck up my life any further...\" She groaned, \"I can not be anywhere I've actually been before...\" She began to walk along the burnt road, the sky was a dark red, it was impossible to know the time of day. Neither the sun or moon were visible. Her eyes caught a torn poster as she looked around, an advertisement in a window, she could barely make out anything. Squinting, she read out loud, \"Open... Discount... 2087?!\" She shouted, causing large birds to scatter into the dark sky, demonic cries filling the dead streets. Mia shook her head, letting out a loud whine, \"This can not be fucking happening!\" She growled, grabbing a large stone and tossing it at the poster, breaking what was left of the window. \"That was one hell of an after shock.\" A sarcastic and charming voice came from behind Mia's back. Mia jumped away in surprise as she turned to see the tall, bloodied male that was behind her. Mia shrieked, quickly equipping her chainsaw to the metal around her wrist, replacing her own artificial hand. She took a wide-legged stance, pointing the chainsaw towards the man as she pulled the string to start up the weapon in a whir of panic. \"Whoa, baby,\" the man smirked, seeming completely unthreatened by the shorter woman, \"I'd like to turn you on, but the chainsaw's a little much for me.\" He gave an wink, causing her to scoff and scowl as she raised her weapon, attempting an attack on the mysterious man. Her attack was stopped, her chainsaw having clashed with another, her eyes darted to the man's own weapon, seeing that he had the same means of defense as her. \"You like it rough, eh? Sorry babe, you're out of your league at this game!\" He smiled, easily pushing her entire body back with a swift move against her chainsaw with his own. Mia stumbled, her back and head finding the hard cement of the wall next to the window she had broken. Disoriented, she heard a couple clicks, and before she could open her eyes, she felt a yank on her defensive hand, her chainsaw, turned off, and on the ground. The man's face was directly in from of hers, she was trapped between his strong arms against the wall. \"I ain't gonna hurt'cha, if you don't attack me again.\" He stated, firmly, his eyes set on Mia's. Mia let out a huff in frustration, \"Yeah? And how the Hell am I supposed to trust you?\" A calloused hand grabbed at her bruised chin, forcing her to look at his self-built hand, \"I fight demons, and idiots that get in my way. You're lucky ya seem to have some worth to ya, or you'd be demon food.\" Mia snarled at him, ducking down to escape him and grab her weapon. \"That and you're pretty cute, wasting a face like yours would be pretty upsetting.\" Mia simply turned, smacking him in the face. He froze. Mia attempted to stalk off, but he caught her wrist, forcing her to face him again. Mia just groaned, \"Look, asshole, I've been through Hell and have not been home in years, things keep seeming to get worse. Okay?\" Tears began to well in her eyes, \"I just want to find out why that fucking book sent me here, and hopefully wake up in a hospital bed in reality!\" \"Whoa whoa whoa- what book?\" He asked, pulling her closer to him, peering at her face as he asked. \"Natu- demondo or something! The book of the dead or some bullshit that's been ruining m-\" her statement was interrupted by a gentle finger placed on her lips. \"We really aren't different after all.\" He said, letting her go, \"Name's Ash. Seems we're both after the same thing. What's your name kid?\" He asked, nodding towards her. \"Mia.\" She stated calmly, glancing away from Ash, \"My name is Mia...\" \"Well, Mia, no point in fighting each other. Might as well team up. So long as you don't get in my way,\" Ash smirked, pausing to look at her again as she moved to face away from him, \"...or go distractin' me with your ass.\" Mia only groaned, beginning to walk away, \"I can't do anything about the second one. And I'm sure I'm better off on my own.\" \"Tsk tsk tsk,\" Ash shook his head, \"I don't think so, you're pretty weak with a chainsaw.\" She froze mid stride, only to turn back to him, \"Do you know how many fucking demons I've slaughter with this thing?\" \"Four, maybe five,\" He shrugged, smiling as her face distorted once again into one of anger, as it was true, \"Stick with me, kid. You'll be slaughtering demons as far as the eye can see. Just like me.\" Mia hesitated to answer, studying his strong, scarred face. Ash was a handsome man... He was also intimidating, and it wasn't just his height. \"Fine.\" She replied, \"but if I'm not home in a few days, you're own your own.\" \"Yeah I'll get you home, baby. Leave it all to good ol' Ash.\" He gave her a cocky smirk as she walked past him. \"'Old' is right...\" She muttered, stalking off before turning to wait for him, seeing him give her an insulted look. \"Well? We don't have forever.\" She sighed, only for Ash to follow after her.[Chapter 2] Evil Dead: Into Darkness (Chapter 2) It's a bit shorter than the first chapter, I think. - The two began to walk through the dark, burnt, and bloodied streets of what was once London. Mia had an uneasy feeling, and she turned to look at Ash, who happened to be staring at her ass. \"Yo assface, you want some of this, you're gonna have to treat me with respect, alright?\" She pouted slightly, walking backwards as she spoke. Ash shook his head, \"I warned you I'd get distracted.\" \"Fine, you lead then.\" She said, stopping in front of him. He shrugged, stepping around her, and continuing on. Mia sighed as she walked beside him, \"So, Ash, how did you end up here?\" \"I saved a medieval era from deadites and ended up here because I slept too long,\" he groaned. \"Medieval era? Did you sleep for like six-hundred years?\" Mia chuckled a bit. \"Seven-hundred. If it was six-hundred I'd be right back in my time…\" He shrugged, \"but now I'm here, and stuck with you.\" \"Stuck with me? You're the one who said we should stick together.\" She glared at him, pouting slightly. \"A couple of words and you trusted me, not sure if you're a good judge of character or if you're just stupid.\" Ash shrugged, smirking as he saw her get even more irritated by him, \"So how'd you get stuck here?\" Mia sighed, \"I don't really remember what happened, I hit my head pretty hard after I found the book again. But my first encounter with the damn thing was in a cabin, killed my friends, and my brother…\" She looked away from him, placing a hand over her heart where the scars from the make-shift defibrillator kept as a constant reminder of her brother's sacrifice… 'He deserved to live, not me…' She began to think, her guilt had a tight grip on her, and it's not something that would let her go so easily. \"Sounds like you've also been through Hell— wait wait wait wait wait— A cabin?\" Ash stopped in his tracks, placing a hand on her shoulder to make her stop. She turned on her heel, facing him, \"Yes. A cabin. A wooden building generally located in wild or remote area.\" \"I know what a fuckin' cabin is, princess.\" He shook his head, \"My first experience with it was also in a cabin. Sure, it wasn't the full book, but the passage was recited.\" \"Passage? You mean klatuu berada—\" she stopped when Ash's left hand clamped itself over her mouth, and her back met his armored chest as she was pulled towards him. Redness slowly crept up her cheeks as his warmth and scent engulfed her. She closed her eyes for a brief moment as he scolded her. \" \"You fuckin' brain dead!?\" He growled, bringing his lips close to her ear, \"You should know what those words do!\" Mia shivered, groaning, she pushed her bottom back roughly to push him off of her, she turned to him, opening her mouth to speak, she was interrupted by a loud demonic screech. So which both of them went, \"Shit.\" Quickly equipping her chainsaw, Mia took a sloppy battle stance, causing Ash to roll his eyes, figuring he may as well just use her as bait. \"It's amazing how you've made it this far, princess. \" he said, shoving his fake hand into his trusted chainsaw. \"I'm not becoming demon food today!\" She stated firmly, looking around for the source of the demonic sound. Suddenly, a dark, winged figure with a deformed body and wide mouth, jumped down from a tall pile of rubble, aiming for Ash. Ash took a few steps back, watching as it plopped face first into the ground, breaking its neck. Mia let out a small bout of laughter. Ash turned to smile at her, but only briefly, as the demon stood, the spine protruding from it's neck. Both of the survivors making a disgusted face, Mia more than Ash. As the deadite stumbled towards him, Ash took out his shot gun, shooting it in the head, which split to pieces and tumbled away. \"Impressive.\" Mia stated, looking at the body. \"I'm always impressive, baby.\" He stated, shrugging as he turned, and walked past her. She almost turned to follow, but noticed the pieces of head flesh moving, and forming into the same monster, but in multiples. \"A-Ash!\" Mia stuttered, causing him to look I've this shoulder. Ash shook his head, \"Seems it's spawned a new breed of bitch.\" Seven demons, that began screeching all at once, raced towards them— They both started up their chainsaws at once. Mia swiftly high-kicked one in the face, swiping it down to step on it, Ash cutting off it's head as Mia kicked another, cutting off its head. Ash's chainsaw found another as it attempted to attack Mia from behind, the sudden blood pour caused Mia to scream, forcing her forward, her chainsaw finding the midsection of another deadite, she spun slightly, both of them attacking the same beast. But Mia was tackled to the ground by one attempting to bite her face. She gave a disturbed look, fighting it off as it began to laugh. Ash sliced off the head of the last lone one, turning to see Mia struggling to fight off the final one. He was about to step in, but she forced her arm out from under it, and slashed its head clean off. Pushing the corpse away from herself, Ash walked over, turning off his chainsaw and taking it off, he loomed over her, \"Nice job, princess.\" \"Shut up.\" She groaned, slowly getting up, she rapidly shook her head, hoping to get some blood off. He patted her back as she turned off and removed her chainsaw, \"We all recite passages to the Book of Death, sometimes we say them improperly.\" \"What do you mean by that?\" Mia asked, raising her eyebrows, beginning to walk away with him. \"It's a funny story, actually… One that turns out, wasn't so cool…\" Ash began to tell the tale of how he raised an entire army of the undead… But behind them, a deadite's body began to twitch, thirsty for revenge.[Chapter 3] Continuing on, unaware of the danger lying behind them still, Mia listened to Ash's stories of his adventures in medieval times, with interest, though she tried to hide it. \"...And they even wanted me to become king, though now that I think about it, I probably shoulda decided to stay.\" Ash stated, shrugging. \"Yeah, but then I'd be totally alone.\" Mia muttered, thoughtlessly, though almost inaudibly, afterwards hoping he didn't hear. \"Ahh, so you admit you need me! Of course you do, you'd be dead already if I weren't here, kid.\" Ash stated, typically cocky. Mia let out a huff of air, her face becoming red, \"Yeah, right. I'd rather be here with my Grandpa Knowby. And he's dead. Never even met him.\" \"Well excuse me, Princess. You're just lucky you haven't been eaten- wait, Knowby?\" Ash looked confused, as though he'd heard the name before. \"Yeah. Knowby. Is that what you've been trying to do? Use me as bait?\" She stopped, placing her hands on her hips, glaring at him as he turned to her. \"Na kid. I wouldn't let you waste like that.\" He simply shrugged. Before he could continue, they both realized the sky was turning black, and was almost too dark to see. He muttered a string of curses to himself, as he grabbed her wrist, almost tossing her into a cracked and damaged, but stable, building nearby. Mia fell to her knees, Ash pushing a desk in front of door, quickly rummaging through its broken drawer, easily finding what he needed; matches. She glared up at him, \"Hey asshole, what was that about?\" \"Deadites like the dark.\" He stated firmly, looking around for loose wood to set aflame, and finding none, to his discontent, \"More specifically, the night. You should know that.\" He groaned, starting his chainsaw, and cutting up the wooden drawers as the light through the gated windows began to dim evermore. Mia closed her eyes as it went totally dark, hearing his chainsaw shut off, a small flame beside him lit up the room, and she opened her eyes to the small fire, now in front of her. Ash sat beside her, setting his chainsaw down by his other side. \"..Ash?\" Mia peered up at him, crossing her legs, their eyes meeting when he looked to her, raising an eyebrow, \"How long have you been here?\" \"Depends on whatcha mean.\" She rolled her eyes, \"In this post-apocalyptic city? 'Bout a week. Lot more supplies laying around than you'd expect. Seems like there was a war and we, the living, lost...\" He looked to the fire, \"Have any idea how hard it is to shave with a straight razor, and no shaving cream?\" Mia simply shook her head, chuckling, \"No.\" Ash nodded, \"It's pretty damn difficult, kid.\" He sighed, \"You're lucky you met me.\" He smirked, looking to her again. Mia nodded, \"I guess I am...\" Ash looked some-what surprised as she looked away from him. Ash simply studied Mia. He knew she was a tough girl, if she wasn't she couldn't have made it this far. He watched the fire flicker over her soft face, he could tell the girl had been through a lot, but how much...? \"So,\" he started, \"You're related to Professor Knowby?\" Mia nodded, looking at him, almost suspicious, \"Yes... He was my grandfather. Why do you ask?\" \"You said you never met him?\" He looked slightly worried. \"He died the year I was born. He and Grandma got into a car accident, along with my aunt. It cause my mother severe PTSD...\" She shook her head, \"Why?\" \"Do you know of his work, Mia?\" He got a bit closer to her, prying. \"No. My mother never let us know.\" She glanced away briefly, becoming intimidated, \"Why?!\" He shook his head in disbelief, closing his eyes, and letting out a sarcastic laugh, \"It's just a hilarious coincidence... He originally owned that cabin where you said it all started, didn't he?\" He glared at her, becoming upset, she simply nodded, moving away from him a slight bit. The atmosphere became silent, tense, and awkward. \"Your mother's last name was Knowby, right?\" He looked as Mia slowly nodded again, and he mumbled \"I guess she was Annie's sister...\" \"My aunt's name was Annie.\" Mia whimpered, shuddering, \"Ash...\" She placed a hand on his thigh, her voice shaking, \"Why are you asking me these things?\" \"They were all killed by deadites, kid. Not in a car crash. Your Grandfather had the book in that damned cabin.\" He looked her straight in the eyes as they widened in terror. \"How do you know that, huh?!\" She shouted, standing, \"were you there, Ash?!\" Ash stood, placing a finger to her lips, \"Calm the Hell down, princess. Yes, I was there. It's how my damned journey started. I broke in before Annie even arrived. There was a recording, the Professor speakin' a passage from the book, even possessed and killed my girlfriend, Linda...\" He looked down for a moment, placing a hand over where his silver pendant laid on his chest. Mia shook her head, stepping back, \"Oh my God... It all makes sense now..\" She slowly moved her arms to hug herself, shaking, \"My... My mother always shouted things about 'being a vessel for demons' during her panic attacks! She always complained of demons! Screamed in her sleep!\" Mia looked up to Ash, tears in her eyes, \"The damned book is the root of all that's fucked up in my life!\" She sobbed, covering her mouth, she leaned into Ash, sobbing harder as his arms wrapped around her, attempting to console her. Sighing, he patted her back, waiting for her to stop bawling. 'The girl probably needs it...' He thought to himself. No matter how hardened they got, they were still human. Seated in front of the fire once again, Mia's head in his lap, she had fallen asleep crying. Ash looked down at the girl, rolling his eyes as thoughts of her began to cloud his mind. He knew it would be stupid for him to get attached, but he knew it was too late not to, who knows what will happen to her? He may have trusted her strength, but it was impossible to guess her fate... Or even his. He had lost everything, he may as well avoid losing her as well. \"Fuck...\" He muttered under his breath, causing Mia to stir. She looked up at him, studying his strong, scarred face as he was looking away from her. His strength reminded her of David in his final hours. Remembering him when she had been locked up, unable to tear past the demon that took away her humanity, that she could only watch as David and the others tried to fight her off. She closed her eyes tightly, her body tensing up as she recalled the memories of the traumatic events. Her friends screaming, panicked and confused, and she couldn't do anything but save herself... She was only alive because David refused to give up on her. She felt Ash's eyes on her, so she looked up to him, seeing he looked concerned in a way. \"Feelin' better, Princess?\" He asked, half-heartedly. She sat up, shrugging in response as she looked to the dying fire. Sighing, Ash stood to grab more wood, throwing it into the fire. \"So,\" Mia began, \"I'm curious about something.\" \"What now?\" He groaned, poking at the fire. \"What's the story with your hand?\" She asked, ignoring his attitude. \"Cut it off.\" He stated, looking at her. \"Why?\" \"Do you always ask so many damned questions?\" \"Just answer me.\" He sighed, \"It got possessed. Yeah, just my hand, and yes, I built a new one.\" \"My brother's girlfriend had a similar experience... I find it hard to believe it just possessed your hand.\" She rose an eyebrow, looking him in the eye. \"...\" Ash sighed, moving to sit next to her again, \"What about you?\" She looked to her prosthetic hand, \"Got caught under a jeep, tore it off to get to my chainsaw. I was being chased by a demon. Apparently.\" Ash chuckled, \"Been there.\" Mia moved a bit closer to him, \"And the chainsaw?\" \"Found it. Used it to cut up my possessed girlfriend's head...\" He looked away from her, \"After your... aunt and I tried to stop some deadites, I decided it best fit as a new hand.\" His eyes returned to her face, \"It wasn't until I was sent back in time that I built this hand.\" Mia pondered for a moment, \"So, let me get this straight... shortly after Linda was killed, and you got sent back in time, you rebounded with Sheila?\" \"Sounds about right.\" He concurred, shrugging, \"Actually, I almost kissed Annie.\" \"You've got to be kidding me,\" She shook her head, both disgusted and amused, \"you move fast don't you?\" \"Gotta live if you can, Princess.\" He smirked, \"Can't live much constantly fighting deadites and demons... And apparently becoming official time travelers.\" \"No kidding...\" She smiled softly, touching her prosthetic hand, to his metallic fingers, leaning into him as he did, just slightly, \"You never know what could happen...\" She whispered, her eyes narrowing, she turned enough to place her bare hand on his cheek. \"At first you wanted to kill me, and now you want to kiss me.\" He paused, his serious face becoming one showing desire, he gave her a little smirk, \"...Give me some sugar baby.\" Slowly their lips came closer, hearts racing, and the dim red light shown through the cracked, gated windows. Their lips touched in the softest way- CRASH . The two gasped, jumping back, away from each other, both of their faces burning red. Mia stood, rushing to the window, she looked out, \"I thought you said they liked the night.\" He groaned, standing, \"They sun's never out here, kid. It's just coincidental.\" Mia groaned, walking over by the fire, she picked up her chainsaw and clipped it to her belt. Ash did the same. \"Let's go.\" Mia said, moving the drawer that was placed in front of the door. She headed out, Ash following behind. Crack. Crack. Crack. Mia turned her head towards the source of the sound, the window had cracked by itself. She stepped closer to examine. She squinted at her reflection, which suddenly gave her a wicked smile, her mouth dripping with blood, and eyes as demented as the Abomination's. Mia roughly stumbled backwards, severely disturbed, she began to shake. Ash turned on his heel, moving to pick her up, \"Hey, you see a ghost or somethin'?\" He smirked, sarcastic. She took a deep breath, attempting to regain composure, attempting to give a witty response, she instead became quiet. \"...Mia?\" Ash poked her cheek, to which she simply smacked his hand away. \"I thought she was gone...\"[Chapter 4] Happy holidays! Sorry this chapter is so short. Holiday season is driving me nuts, and I've been so busy. But anyway. Hope you all enjoy! Evil Dead Ch 4 Mia found her balance, after stumbling to stand. Ash simply tilted his head, \"See somethin' Princess?\" Mia sighed, passing him, \"Lets just keep going.\" Ash shrugged, following her, \"Your choice.\" The slayers walked in silence, only hearing the shrieks of demons not too far away. \"So,\" Mia broke the silence,\"Any clue where were actually going?\" \"Not completely,\" Ash smirked as she glared back at him, \"Somewhat, kid.\" He took a quick detour, climbing up a pile of rubble unnaturally fast. Mia followed without question, looking up at him from the bottom of the debris. He reached his calloused hand down to her, allowing her soft, scarred hand to grip his as he pulled her up. Ash led her to the end of the cliff of rubble, something in the distance becoming clear to her. She could see a black, fiery vortex surround a distant area, obviously the source of this chaos. \"It's gotten bigger, since I last looked,\" He looked to Mia, who was gawking at the twisted inferno, obviously afraid, \"Shortly before I found you. I think it's the source, and I'm pretty damn sure that's where we'll find the book.\" \"I don't doubt it.\" Mia stated, Looking up at him, \"What do you think we'll find there...?\" \"Well,\" he started with a sarcastically perky tone, \"Maybe we'll find a birthday party and be welcomed by fanfare! With cupcakes and puppies and a goddamned clown!\" Mia decked him in the arm with her prosthetic hand, causing him to flinch, \"You dick.\" \"Hey! That actually hurt, Princess.\" Ash rubbed his arm, wondering briefly if it would bruise, and Mia began climbing down, \"Chances are what we find will be difficult to deal with. You may need to prepare for that with how delicate you are.\" Ash waited for a snappy comeback, hearing nothing, he repeated, \"I said, you may need to prepare with how delicate you are!\" Again, nothing. \"The fuck...?\" Ash groaned under his breath, jumping down to find her gone. He could feel panic creep up his spine, \"Mia!?\" He shouted, his sudden loneliness echoing back to him, \"Mia!\" Mia found herself again with her face in the dirt, alone, \"Fuck.\" She groaned, pushing herself to her feet. What did she step into even? A rip in time? That's just stupid. Right? Suddenly, she heard her name, knowing who was calling out to her, she responded, \"Ash!\" She hoped he heard, \"Ash!\" She shouted again, hearing him call back, asking if she could hear him. \"Yeah!\" She responded. \"Where'd you go!?\" \"I don't know! I fell in a weird hole and ended up on the other side of these buildings!\" \"Nice job dumbass!\" Ash groaned, \"Stay there! I'll come find you!\" \"Fuck you! I'll stay here because I wanna stay here!\" Mia groaned, leaning against the nearest wall, mumbling,\"Jerk...\" Annoyed, Ash began climbing more piles of rubble, venturing to the general direction he had heard her voice. As he moved along, he breifly glanced into a cracked window, his reflection smirking after he looked away. Climbing up on a roof belonging to a small building, he turned away from his destination, seeing the form of Mia, turned away from him, swinging back and fourth, and humming a lullaby loudly. \"Hey Princess, start climbing!\" He shouted, obtaining no response, \"Hey! A demon eat your ears, kid?\" He watched as she slowly turned in her heel, a somewhat sickening grin on her dirty face, dark eyes tugging at his heart. \"Mia?\" Ash jumped down, only for her to turn and run away from him, laughing, \"Kid, this ain't time for games!\" He growled, chasing her down the dirt path, and into a crumbling building, finding her staring at a wall, five away from him,\"Alright, that's enough. We've got a book to find.\" \"But... maybe I can just stay here with you...\" She whispered harshly, \"This can be our own little paradise...\" \"This is far from a paradise, kid.\" Ash folded his arms over his chest, \"I know your feelin's for me are strong, but it ain't gonna happen that fast.\" \"So... That kiss meant nothing?\" Her voice became more hoarse. \"Look, kid, I like you, okay? But I don't want emotions clouding out minds, okay? We've got more important shit to deal with- Oh.\" He had blinked, and her glazed over eyes were what he first saw, \"Uh-\" \"I don't like being taken advantage of.\" She growled, her voice becoming deeper, grabbing his arm roughly, digging her nails into the white cloth, \"You don't know what I've been through.\" \"I wouldn't take advantage of you, Mia. That would be stupid. Stop bein' so dramatic.\" He sighed, grabbing her wrist, and pushing her away gently, \"Lets get back to business, mmkay?\" He turned away, only for his arm to be grabbed a tad too roughly. \"Stay.\" \"What?\" \"STAY WITH ME!\" The voice became violent and disgustingly guttural, Ash quickly noticed her eyes become a demonic red and yellow scheme. He turned, kicking the false Mia into the wall, \"Well aren't I fuckin' stupid for fallin' for that.\" He muttered under his breath, reaching for his chainsaw, only for the screaming girl to kick it out of his hands, also causing him to stumble and fall back, to which he punted her into the air when she attempted to tackle him. \"Fuck.\" He grumbled, flipping himself up, but when he reached for his shot gun, he heard a shot fire. He let out a scream, his arm just barely grazed, though he quickly ducked, and grabbed a rock, chucking it it her head, causing her to drop the gun. He tumbled forward, grabbing it, but when he looked up, she was gone. Ash sighed with cautious optimism, placing the gun where it belonged, and picking up his chainsaw, putting it on his back as well. He moved his shirt to inspect the wound, only to rip the bottom of his shirt, and tie it around the wound. \"What was that about...?\"[Chapter 5] Sorry this took a while.. And that's it's so short... things are hectic. Anyway, please enjoy... - Ash shortly regained his composure, glancing at his reflection in a broken window. It smirked at him as he turned his head in ignorance. -— Mia heard a gun shot in the distance, and turned to shout for Ash. Instead of a vocal response, she heard foot steps behind her, and immediately went into a defensive position. \"Whoa there,\" it appeared to be Ash, \"I'm sure you like it rough but I ain't into weapon play.\" Mia sighed, \"Fucking Hell, Ash...\" She looked to his eyes, which appeared darker than before, though maybe she just hadn't paid attention to them, \"I heard a gun shot, I thought you were in trouble.\" \"I didn't hear anything.\" He stated with a shrug, approaching her, \"Maybe it's just your imagination.\" \"I'm pretty sure I heard something...\" She muttered, shaking her head, \"Well, we better get going then.\" She stepped past him, heading the direction that felt right- but he grabbed her wrist gently, causing her took look at him, confused, \"What?\" \"We could stay here you know...\" His eyes matched hers again, letting her go and stepping towards her, brushing her cheek with his rough hand, causing her to step back, \"What could be better? Fighting deadites for an eternity, just us. No need to deal with anyone else.\" \"Is that some sort of joke?\" Mia sneered, his face faltering, \"I would never want to stay it this death infested wasteland, and I don't expect you would either.\" She stepped away again, her back finding a wall as his arms placed on either side of her, her heart skipping a beat as he spoke, \"of course I'm jokin', baby.\" With a sly smirk, his calloused hand brushed past a ripped sleeve and down her bare arm, causing her to shiver. \"Now is not the time for this.\" She groaned, though the attempt to push him away only ended with her being pinned to the ground by her wrists, \"What the Hell, Ash?!\" She attempted to squirm away, only causing him to cackle wickedly. The fear grew qin her eyes as his dry lips brushed against her jaw line, his quiet chuckle causing her to quiver, and whimper, unable to kick as her legs were painfully pinned under his knees. She felt his teeth grasp roughly at her neck, making her attempt to kick again, and he went to bite down, gripping her wrists, cutting into them with his dirtied nails— \"Mia!\" Mia gasped, \"What...?\" trying to look to the source of the voice, only for her chin to be grabbed violently by the man above her. \"Always gotta go after the girl, huh?\" The violent man glared up, \"Do you always gotta get in the way?\" \"Do you always gotta make me look like shit? Last I saw you, you were a corpse.\" Ash smirked at his doppelgänger. Evil Ash growled, standing and dragging Mia up with him, gripping her by the neck and forcing her close to his chest, \"Careful, I might break your little girlfriend's neck.\" \"So she'll become your little henchman? Nah, we've been through this. Sheila was weak willed, Mia isn't as fragile as she was.\" Ash groaned. \"I've already been through that, no fucking thank you!\" Mia growled, throwing her bottom back violently to crash into her captor's crotch and stomach, causing him to let go and grip at the pain. Mia tripped her way to Ash, who went to stand in front of her, but instead Mia took defensive stance in front of him, equipping her chain saw an starting it up. \"Oh how cute.\" The doppelgänger chuckled, \"She's like a puppy.\" \"Babe, he's dangerous. He ain't like other deadites.\" Ash warned her, placing a cold hand on her shoulder. \"I'll take that chance. Anything to cut up this douchebag.\" Mia growled, ready to jump for him, Ash held her back, shutting it off and forcing her to drop her chainsaw. Evil Ash smirked, flipping his messed up hair, \"Not much different from your dark side are you, Mia?\" \"I'm nothing like her,\" Mia spat. \"Ohh.\" Ash pondered a moment, \"Fuckin' peachy. There's two of us, and... Well, four of us, I guess.\" Mia rolled her eyes, \"I'm about to bust this demon motherfucka's ass!\" \"...What?\" The men responded in unison. \"Just-\" Mia shook in frustration, \"We have shit to do, either move out of the way, or get your ass beat.\" \"Oh like he's not here to slow us down.\" Ash's sarcasm bit into her, causing her more frustration. \"Change of plan!\" Came the sing-song voice of a girl. Behind Evil Ash then stood Mia's own dark manifestation, which caused Mia to panic, and grab Ash's hand tightly, as though her life depended on it. The demented woman gave a childish grin, linking her arm with Ash's doppelgänger, before yanking him away and into the shadows. \"For such an evil duo they do make a hot couple.\" Ash stated offhandedly, receiving an elbow to his ribs in response. \"Let's hurry up and get to source of this, if I have to see them again-\" \"Calm down kid, we'll figure this out. Lets just keep goin'.\" -—- \"Ow...\" Mia groaned with each step, \"oww...\" \"Stop whining kid.\" He sighed. \"Hey, I had no idea I would be hurled back in time when I wore these boots. \" \"Well that sounds like a personal problem.\" \"Uhhhg.\" Mia whimpered and sat down on a large pile of cement, \"Fuckin' a man...\" Throwing off her boots, she looked at the burning red blister forming on below her ankle, also regretting the choice to not wear socks. \"Oh.\" Ash's face distorted, \"That's pretty bad.\" She groaned, putting her boots back on, \"Why dress practical when you can look pretty fighting demons?\" His eyebrows rose, and he sighed, moving to hold his holster and shot gun, and kneeling in front of her, back to her. \"Get on.\" Mia shrugged, climbing into the demon slayers shoulders, but as she did she heard a loud tearing sound. \"Shit.\" Looking back, she noticed it had got caught on a sharp pipe. \"I liked that dress too. Hm. Sorry kid.\" \"I don't think I can fight like this, Ash.\" \"Why?\" \"My back is showing.\" \"...Shit.\"[Chapter 6] Her feet placed on the ground once again, Ash's torn shirt now covering her, his scarred chest bare against her view, her heart tripping over itself, causing it to palpitate. This causing Ash to smirk a bit. \"C'mon kid,\" he said, clipping her chainsaw to his belt before allowing her to climb back on him, gripping his shoulders. \"The next step better be finding new clothes.\" Mia groaned. \"They won't be new, but they'll be clothes.\" \"Wonderful. Lets get this over with.\" Ash moved swiftly, even with her on his back, both on the look out for any sign of a clothes store or mall of some kid that wasn't totally destroyed. Mia made sure to at least sneak some glances down at his bare chest, even though she knew now was not the time to be awestruck. \"There.\" He alerted, looking ahead to a small super-store which seemed to be somewhat stable. They were both surprised to have no encountered a demon yet, though they knew they might have to on their way in. \"Let's do this.\" She said, sliding off his back, and being sure to slide her hands down the muscle tones. Instead of giving back her chainsaw, he simply handed her his shot gun, to which she shrugged and accepted his judgement. \"You know how to use a boomstick, Princess?\" \"Duh, we had a cabin in the woods, hunting was a thing.\" The couple moved forward, Ash prying open the once-automatic door. It took one step inside for him to set of a noise trap. Immediately causing a rapid choir of howling from the back of the store. \"God damn it Ash!\" Mia whispered harshly, mounting a counter in order to get a better view. \"How many?\" \"Five. From what I can see.\" Quickly preparing themselves for battle. It wasn't long before Mia had already taken out one with a blast to the head. Ash took another, slicing from its stomach and exiting its head in a messy uppercut. With three more, Mia professionally took out another, studying Ash as he let out a war cry; both heads cut through as though he was simply slicing bread. \"Easy enough.\" Mia commented, hopping down from the counter, \"Now, does this shithole have wearable shoes...?\" The search began, Ash following behind Mia like a dog tailing it's owner, walking through the aisles where the shoes were mostly destroyed, though many were not. Socks? Found easy in a dirty plastic package. Totally untouched by time and mayhem. Mia hummed when she found a simple pair of black sneakers in her size, and slipped them on after the socks, causing a sigh of relief, \"Thank God.\" \"Great, now hurry up and find some clothes, I can't stand the stench of these bodies.\" Ash huffed, folding his arms over his chest. She stood, leading him to where they needed to go. \"Whoa.\" Ash's brows rose as Mia's face lit up with surprise. It seemed most of the clothes were only slightly dirty, what was unseeable already on the ground. \"Perfect.\" Ash heard, seeing that she had already grabbed a pair of skinny black jeans in her size, a new belt, a red camisole and- a black bra? \"Uhm...?\" Ash tilted his head. \"Like I said, I wasn't exactly prepared to fight demons when I left the house.\" She muttered, heading to the back. He followed, only until she stopped him by a swinging door. \"No peeking.\" She ordered, firmly, closing the door and forcing it to lock. He began to mock her with several goofy faces, \"I can hear you making faces.\" \"Who are you, my mother?\" \"No, thank God for that.\" Ash paused, leaning against the fitting room door, \"...do you really think there's a God? If there is he must have one vile sense of humor.\" \"I didn't, but there's got to be a God if there's a Satan. And there's-\" \"Definitely a Satan.\" They finished in unison, also sighing together. \"So I never got your whole story kid.\" \"It's pretty much the same as yours. Only my arm got caught under a jeep, and I was the one stuck in the basement most of the time.\" She grumbled. \"I'm assuming that's who she is?\" \"Yup. The abomination...\" She trailed off. \"How'd you fare after leavin'?\" \"Simple, cops thought it was a crazy horror movie homicide, that I got out by fighting tooth and nail,\" he heard her movement stop, \"People become kind when you're famous. Money. Security. Free shit...\" Ash fell silent, \"Almost bled out, blacked out, last i remembered was defeating that bitch... until they found me. They came up with that bullshit story by the time I woke up in the hospital...\" \"And the fake hand?\" \"Anonymous donor. Paid for my therapy and everything.\" Heaving another sigh, she pushed the door open, leading to him moving away. She didn't even ask how she looked, even though he simply gawked at her; until she threw his shirt back at him, \"lets go, we need to find food.\" \"Hang on, princess.\" He halted, having been switching out his shirt by the time she turned back to him, she simply watched with hidden enthusiasm as he changed into the colbalt blue shirt, \"With all the attention, I'm surprised you weren't snatched up by a boy. Or girl. If you're into that sorta thing.\" He smirked, tucking the shirt in. \"A handful of one night stands with either, and some that don't fit in either category-\" Ash gave a creeped out stare, \"Doesn't count as a solid relationship. Everyone wants to fix the broken toy, not keep it.\" \"You just need someone who knows what'ch'er goin' through.\" He smiled weakly, placing a hand on her shoulder. She returned the half-assed smile. Mia hesitated, biting her lip, only for Ash to speak, \"So did it hurt?\" \"Did what hurt?\" \"When you fell from heaven?\" Ash gave a sappy grin, and received a punch in the arm instead of a wordful reply.[Chapter 7] Sorry about the wait. Again. Life is hectic and I'm in a bit of a rut. Hope it's okay. \"You know who else fell from Heaven? Lucifer.\" Giggled the hoarse voice. The violent version of Mia smirked, nudging Ash's own doppelgänger. \"You know you're fit for the throne baby,\" He gave a cheesy grin, pulling the hair that he had gripped in his palm, causing her to groan in both pleasure and pain, and she nipped at his lower lip, \"With me right next to ya.\" \"If we can pull off this whole apocalypse thing, that's gonna be the next step!\" She laughed, then let out a sharp yelp when his teeth found the sensitive corner of her neck. -— \"Hmm...\" Mia hummed, looking at the can of cold beans in her hand, lifting it to look at the bottom, \"It doesn't expire for another two years. All of this must have happened pretty fast.\" \"Guess so. Must have been one Hell of an Apocalypse.\" Mia gave him a look, \"No pun intended.\" \"Well shit,\" Mia shook her head, watching as Ash had maneuvered the can open, simply by sanding down the top on a brick, handing it to her, and then doing the other, \"Aren't you mister survival skills?\" \"Boy Scouts,\" he shrugged, \"Teaches you nothin' now. Well, then.\" \"You mean your time?\" \"Yup. '86 was a hell of a year.\" \"That's the year I was born.\" Mia rose her brows, \"So that's the year it all started huh?\" \"Yup.\" He sighed, looking almost sorrowful for a moment, \"Never know what you're destined for until it happens.\" \"And then you're not prepared for it...\" She huffed, remembering her painful transition into madness, and then total darkness, this caused her to shudder, \"...so cold.\" \"It's pretty warm if you ask me.\" He groaned, looking to the burning sky. \"Huh?\" \"You said it's cold.\" \"I wasn't talking about- never mind.\" She shook her head. \"So,\" Ash changed the subject, \"What's 2013 like? Got flyin' cars and shit yet?\" Mia chuckled, \"No. But we do have a black president... And I have this thing called a playstation 3.\" Ash's brows rose, \"Groovy.\" They became silent. \"The fuck is a playstation?\" Mia simply burst out laughing, highly amused by his face. \"It- well it plays video games.\" \"Is it like a new Nintendo or somethin'?\" \"It's a Sony system.\" \"And then made three of them?\" \"Yup.\" Silence filled the air again. \"Playstation. Not a name I would have chosen,\" He shook his head, \"Sounds like a whore house.\" Mia almost spit out the food in her mouth, trying not to laugh. She covered her mouth, attempting to regain composure. Ash simply smiled at her, enjoying her reaction. \"It's not the only gaming system- I mean there's the Xbox and Nintendo Wii-\" \"Fuckin' really?\" Mia simply nodded, Ash shaking his head, \"though you've missed the best system, Dreamcast.\" \"At least the name ain't stupid.\" He mumbled, \"Next you'll be telling me Corey Haim is dead. Loved that kid in Lucas.\" \"Well...\" Mia looked away, Ash simply groaning in awkward woe. As the conversation continued on, changes of the future, Mia learning more about the past, the unnatural stirred. Blood beginning to seep through the cracks in the wall, the demon hunters unaware of the mess occurring. The puddle of blood began to solidify, the form of the undead they hadn't properly taken care of, now with more mass, two heads, and a sticky substance perspiring from it, soon overcasting the shadows of the wall, consuming Ash's own. Mia struck silent, panicking briefly in Ash's new confusion. She swiftly grabbed him and pulled, the monster crashing in place of him. Both stood quickly, readying their weapons, \"Fuck,\" Ash cursed, \"It's sticky and has two fucking heads.\" The beast howled, finding its foot now on the fire they had built, almost instantly engulfed in the flames. Mia could have sworn it grinned at her. \"And now it's on fucking fire!\" Not allowing them to be cornered, Ash pushed Mia away, using her briefly as bait, the deadite went after her, only able to briefly be angered by Ash's action, she tumbled away from it, only to be swiped at by its claws, which tore twin gashes in her arm. She simply groaned, grabbing the wound and throwing herself against the door to escape. The being continued to pursue her, and Mia quickly turned, slashing the beast's side with her chainsaw. Ash, having the same idea attacked it from behind, easily disabling the actions of the beast, to which it collapsed, and ceased to move. Mia immediately looked to Ash, turning her weapon off, a painful look on her face, \"What am I just bait to you?\" \"What? No! You wouldn't have been able to hit it from the angle we were trapped at anyway.\" Ash took offense to her remark, turning off his chainsaw. She huffed angrily, nostrils flaring, \"Well next time I ain't savin' your ass.\" Watching her back as she began to walk away, he groaned, \"I could have moved on my own.\" \"A simple thank you could suffice, instead of your constant arrogance.\" He sighed, following her, \"You're right. I'm sorry I used you as bait.\" She became quiet, looking down a dark alleyway. \"Earth to Mia-\" \"Shh!\" She nudged him, stepping forward into the alley. Before she knew it, she came face to face with a titanium baseball bat, and she lifted her arms in surrender. \"You one of them?\" The deeper female voice questioned. \"A deadite? Does she look like one?\" Ash spat, shaking his head. \"You're not from around here. Doppelgängers aren't a rare occurrence, you'd be a bad doppelgänger, girl.\" \"What makes you say that?\" Mia questioned, \"Not that I am one.\" \"You look almost just like me...\" The girls stepped from the shadows. It was clear she was similar, but not quite. She had a stronger jaw, sharper nose, some sharper features. But their eyes and brows were identical, along with their lips, ears, cheeks, and apparently their hair. \"Kid, you can't be \"almost just\" like someone-\" Ash flinched when he was poked hard in the abdomen with her bat, causing Mia to laugh. \"You know what I mean, old man.\" The girl sneered. \"Ignoring the fact that we look oddly similar... When you say \"around here\"- does that mean there are other survivors?\" The girl nodded, resting the bat on her shoulder, \"There's ain't a lot of us. Most can't fight because they're sick or wounded, too young, or whatever.\" \"What's your name, girl?\" Ash rose his brows. \"Cyn... Cyn Williams.\" ","Summary":" She found herself with her face in the dirt. When she gathered enough strength to rise up onto her "},{"Movie":"Evil Dead Army of Darkness","Title":"EVIL DEAD 5","Author":"Methodical Mind","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10295745","Passage":"[Chapter 1] From Author: LEGENDARY ICON \"The continuation of \"EVIL DEAD 4\", after the final Boss\" \"I hope all of you enjoy this as much as I have writing it\" \"READ,REVIEW,and ENJOY!\" PROLOGUE After 2 Years since \"Army of Darkness\". Ash had returned back to his normal time. Struggling to return back to what Old life he once had. Before entering the maddening world of the \"Necrocomicon\". Yet Ash couldn't go on living in what he had lost. His hand , his friends, his girlfriend. And those few who were caught in the middle of the Chaos. Ash felt the hurdle of guilt slamming into him. Slamming heavy into his new life. He couldnt take it. He left the city and headed off. Headed towards a distant town. A small town where nothing was close to having any problems. The only problems it had where drunken teenagers and loud parties, even hunting in the distant woods. Ash didn't mind. Yet his peace wasn't long. A young woman named \"Clare\", got trapped within the distant woods. Having herself and friends discover a buried book of the Dead. The Necrocomicon. Again its evil arose. Taking over Clare's friends making them into hosts. Clare ran for it. In search for help. As she did, an older strange dressed woman found Ash. An old woman named \"Helena \"The Light\". The twin sister of Clare. She had found Ash in a sudden loss of life. She had given him a chance of regaining what he lost. A chance to regain his normal hand again. To regain what old life he had once before. Ash accepted her offer. In search for Clare. Ash and Clare both reached the first witch. Killing her was no easy doing. Yet both did it. Unfortunately the other 2 had escaped heading towards Town. Ash and Clare knew what they both had to do. *STORY CONTINUES NOW...* CHAPTER 1 NIGHTFALL Rain poured heavily without stopping. Ash held onto the shotgun his hand. He stared forward. Clare breathed quickly beside him. Ash stared deeply into the dark blackened Trees. \"Ash we have to go back, it's the only way\"said Clare \"Yeah I know Clare, I just got one question\"asked Ash Ash looked towards her. She looked back at him. \"Do you...?\"said Ash \"What?! Now? No I don't have a boyfriend if that's what your asking, Ash this isn't the time\"said Clare \"What?! No I was going to ask if your sister Helena looks like you with all that you know\"said Ash \"Seriously? Ash\"asked Clare Ash smiled and looked forward. Clare made a small grin. *SWITCHING POINTS OF VIEW* CHANGING THE VIEW FROM ASH AND CLARE TO THE TOWN* The Bar was nearly empty. The Bartender named \"Harley Gala\". The owner of the Bar. Inside she dried the glass cups. She looked around the bar seeing empty tables. All except for the drunken men. 3 of them were still sleeping in there seats. Drunken badly with the glass mugs in there hands. Saliva dripped from there mouths. Snoring loudly as Harley grunted. She looked away towards the right end of the bar. Seeing at the end of the corner. Near the bathroom table was still clean. Yet the torn looking woman sat still. Her hands were held together like a praying catholic. She stared forward. \"Ugh the bar's closed Miss\"said Harley \"Don't leave the Bar\"said Helena \"What? Sorry but it's closing time, and I'm not staying here all night that's for sure\"said Harley \"Please listen to me, something is coming and you would rather be indoors than out\"said Helena Harley looked at her with a \"WTF\" Face. Lowering the glass. She whistled. \"Hey Morons, time to go\"she said The snoring drunks awoke quickly as the table they had slept on shook. \"What?!\"yelled one of them \"Dude...she said-said-wait?\"said another \"Out, the bar's closed\"said Harley \"Okay...shit what now?\"said the skinny drunk \"Now what you tell your wife?\"asked the other Harley looked away smiling as she cleaned another glass mug. Helena looked at them. \"Stay in doors, I have warned you\"said Helena \"Look lady shut it already, I have been nice alright?! Bar's closed\"said Harley The 3 drunks helped each other stand as they headed for the front door. The large double steel doors looked rusty as they struggled opening it. \"Night Harley\"said one of the 3 men \"Night boys, be careful driving home\"said Harley Helena looked at Harley. Both stared seriously at each other. \"So now what Missy?\"asked Harley Sounds of screaming and yelling came from outside. Harley looked towards the doors. Helena held her hands close towards her necklace wrapped around her right hand. Harley quickly grabbed ahold of her Father's \"AK-47\" with a grenade Launcher attachment. The steel doors moved back and forth as something pushed them. Blood splatter was spraid onto them. Sounds of car alarms went off. Harley looked at the doors carefully. Aiming her AK-47 forward. Seeing if anything would come through. Helena looked down at the table as it shook little by little. The screaming went on and on. \"Wait! Dont go out there!\"yelled Helena Harley ran out kicking open her doors. Aiming her weapon. She could see the 4 door car in front of her with blood splatter and clothes thrown around. Dangling in the rain. Her eyes stared shocked, she looked slowly left. Yet at that moment she could see a massive Brute like creature. \"What the Fuck?!\"she said Its massive body was tall. Yet bended in a hunch back position. The rain dropped down it's body. Yet it's skin looked old and ripped. 10 Civilians and Teenagers ran screaming. A car had been flipped. The driver was unconscious. The beast ripped off the door. Tossing it over it's head. A large grayish muscle creature. She aimed firing her weapon. She yelled at it. Trying to get its attention. Yet it's back took the bullets making it seem as almost he didn't feel anything. Slowly turning around. Looking towards Harley. She stared moving back slowly. The beast had a gruesome face, no eyes, its bottom jaw had no skin. Its ears were gone. Its nose was bleeding out. Dripping with blood and water. It opened its mouth as it dripped with blood. Harley was frightened and scared. Seeing this monster. Its massive arms moved steering its body towards hers. His legs were broken. It walked on its knee's. His lower legs wiggled with scraps and bumps. Both legs were nearly just bone and muscle. \"Shit\"she said The Creature roared in an annoying sound of a dying animal mixed with the voice of a demon. Both voices connecting at once as it Charged forward. EVIL DEAD 5[Chapter 2] CHAPTER 2 CERBERUS BEAST Rain came down harder than earlier. The heavy lights of the big truck glowed brightly in the darkness. Ash steered the truck onto the highway. Driving quickly as he could. Clare reloaded they're weapons. She sat beside him. Checking his dual pistols. Checking his sawn off shotgun. She looked at Ash. He stared at the street. Clare wondered something in her mind. \"Ash? How did you get over this?\"asked Clare \"What? You mean this mess with the Dead and that Book?\"asked Ash \"Yes, and with having to kill your friends and girlfriend? I mean I'm sorry I understand if you don't want to talk about it\"said Clare Ash looked towards her as she stared back at him. He continued steering little by little. \"No, it's fine I mean you never get used to it at all, you only get prepared for the troubles that come\"said Ash \"I get it\"said Clare \"I mean you and Helena must have dealt with more than what I have been through\"said Ash \"Since childhood, and well our parents it cost us them\"said Clare \"I'm sorry about that\"said Ash \"Thanks for coming for me Ash\"said Clare Ash looked forward and smiled then back again. \"Clare I made a deal with-\" \"I know, but I still think I should say it even if it means that you care more about your reward than other things\"said Clare Ash closed his eyes and looked forward again. He smiled. The rain splattered hard onto the glass. Looking forward he opened his eyes. \"Clare...I don't know, if your sister hadn't convince me...I don't know what would I have done\"said Ash \"You would have still done something about this like you did earlier\"said Clare Ash only stared at the road. Thinking of what Clare was talking about. \"Ash what I have heard and learned about you is that your one of the few with a good Soul, who will aid the people even when they don't want it or need it\"said Clare \"I know what you lost...but you are a good man, feeling guilt over the last 2 years won't help you, you need to accept it and live Ash it's the only way\"said Clare Ash looked back towards her. \"Thanks Clare\"said Ash Clare smiled at him. Within seconds of there moment. It was ruined by a movement. The truck moved left. Ash steered away from the tree's on the left side. \"What the fuck!\"yelled Ash \"Oh shit!\"yelled Clare looking on her right side window. Seeing a massive beast. It's fur was nearly gone. Yet its muscles showed as it ran quickly. Its body was large. It was the shape of a bear. It had a long tail with a human skull bleeding and screaming loudly. Its chest had another skull but it was of an antelope. Bleeding out. The third head was a skull of a bear with no skin or eyes. Its skull continued bleeding. \"Sons of a bitches doesn't give up\"said Ash Clare looked back at the beast as it roared in 3 voices. Clare shattered the glass of her door. Firing the sawn off shotgun towards the Cerberus Best's left shoulder. It yelled and growled as it kept up running beside them. Quickly it rammed into the right hand side of the Bronco Truck. Ash struggled to keep the truck on the road. Clare stopped firing the sawn off shotgun. She grunted. Ash looked towards her seeing her tossing out the broken window the empty shells. \"Clare steer!\"yelled Ash Clare quickly rushed towards the wheel. Ash moved towards the back of the seats. He grunted aloud struggling to move quickly as he moved towards the end. He stood on his knees as he kicked open the back door. The door dropped heavily slamming hard. Wet cold rain slammed onto him. He took aim. His weapon was a mounted machine gun turrent. \"OPEN WIDE!\"yelled Ash The Bronco Truck moved away as Ash fired towards the Beast. It yelled as heavy large bullets slammed into it's chest and shoulders. It's massive arms struggled to continue as Ash fired away. Yelling in rage. Clare looked back towards him as he continued. Sounds of the running machine gun turrent went on. Ash aimed carefully as it was bolted down into the back end of the Bronco truck. Allowing him perfect aim. Cerberus Beast moved right trying to move away from the range. Yet it didn't work as it's left arm came right off. It tripped and smashed face first into the ground. It screamed in rage and in pain. Ash continued firing as they passed its body firing at its main head. Shooting it clean off. Ash stopped firing as he breathed in. Looking back towards Clare as she drove heading down hill towards the Town. * CHANGE OF VIEW* *POINT OF VIEW CHANGED* Returning to the point of view from \"Harley and Helena\" Harley was instantly pulled into the Bar as the beast charged into the bloody Pick up truck. The Pick up truck was thrown across the street. It roared in rage. Helena closed the doors shut. Locking themselves inside. She looked back towards Harley. \"Help me now!\"she yelled Harley ran towards the nearest table and pushed it to hold back the doors. Banging and movement went on from the outside. Pushing Helena and Harley. \"Shit!\"yelled Harley The outside noises kept going. Sounds of the roaring voice of the Beast. Helena and Harley backed away front he steel doors. \"What the fuck is going on?!\"yelled Harley as she looked towards Helena \"The Necrocomicon has been awakened, Demons have entered our world of the living and began possessing the bodies of Mortals, turning them into Demonic Beings\"said Helena with stopping Harley stared at her shocked. Holding her AK-47 with both hands. She stared with a \"WTF\" face. \"How do you know all this?! And what the fuck is a Necrocomicon?!\"said Harley[Chapter 3] CHAPTER 3 CLAW MONGER BEAST Outside of the Bar. People ran screaming. Heading off in various directions. A Sheriff car stopped driving. Stopping in the middle of the street. The Sheriff rushed out of his car and fired at the Beast with his Shotgun. Shell after shell. Yet it didn't seem to work. 2 Teens yelled running past him. Trying desperately to get out of town. The Sheriff looked back hearing a distant explosion. \"What the hell?!\"he yelled Suddenly the Beast ran away from his direction heading straight into the small flower shop just straight across. Smashing through the glass and concrete walls. The Sheriff looked back seeing the massive chunks of broken rubble. Lowering his shotgun he walked slowly forward. Seeing the fire hydrant ripped off cleanly. Along with rain water still falling. He looked towards the left then back again seeing the large chunks of smoke coming from the distance. \"That's the Chuck Gasoline Station\"said The Sheriff He rushed back into his car as he closed the door. The engine roared to life. Instantly he turned his car heading towards the Gasoline Station. Yet as he turned his car heading back in reverse. At the distance to his left. The Beast tossed a small 4 door car heading towards him. He didn't even notice as it smashed colliding straight into the left side. Making both cars crash. The Beast roared yelling in anger. Smashing its strong hands into the ground. The beast turned around sniffing the air. Its cold dead lifeless breath came out in such a slow mist. It could hear people trying to head towards safe distances. *CHANGE OF VIEW* POINT OF VIEW CHANGED BACK TO ASH AND CLARE* The truck entered into town. As Ash looked around from the back end of the truck still with the heavy turrent in the back. He noticed the crash teen cars from earlier when he went to save Clare. Ash noticed the doors left open with head lights still on. Clare made a right turn as they entered the Town. Ash could see the massive fires at the far distance. Seeing the large explosion of smoke. \"Crap we need to hurry up Clare\"said Ash \"I know, but most of the town is toppled and left with blocking rubble on the streets\"said Clare Clare looked back seeing Ash. Then while looking forward again. The Bronco truck was instantly hit by another car. Ash flew to the side. Clare screamed aloud as the Bronco truck moved right hard crashing into a fire hydrant. Clare had slammed her head onto the steering wheel hard. The horn sounded off loudly. Ash grunted quickly looking towards Clare. \"Clare?!\"yelled Ash He jumped out the back end of the Bronco Truck. Rushing out heading towards the Bronco door. Ash noticed the broken chunk of blockage. He stared shocked seeing the ripped chunk of a Sheriff Car front half. Jammed into the Left hand side of the Bronco Truck. Ash stared shocked seeing the dangling hand of the dead sheriff inside. Rumblings and small quakes went through the concrete street. Ash looked back slowly seeing something grotesque waiting. Ash looked at the beast, ugly it was. Yet it had one half arm still on. Its other arm was large. Large and in the shape of a claw. The claw hand was formed with 4 human arms stuck together. Ash noticed the body. Its body had holes in its stomach and torso. Allowing its air to breath in and out. Ash slowly moved back heading towards the end of the Bronco Truck. Its head was merged with 2 other people. No eyes as it whimpered and breathed out hot air. Its body was tall and hunched back. Barely any skin on its claw arm. It wore torn clothing. As it dangled left and right. Ash stared at it seeing what would it do. Yet it moved forward slowly pushing it's claw arm forward as it wobbled walking. Ash ran quickly. struggling to get into the back of the busted Bronco truck. Yet the Claw Monger beast hit the side of the truck. Again and again. The glass shattered. Ash grunted aloud. \"You shit! Can't one day just be a normal demon!\"yelled Ash The Bronco Truck moved side to side. Ash grabbed ahold of a M-16 Assault rifle. Checking the ammo clip he smiled. \"Fuck yeah!\"he yelled Quickly he jumped out of the back of the Bronco aiming back. Firing at its exposed right shoulder. As it beated almost as if it had a human heart within it. Ash fired into it. Without stopping. The kick back of the weapon didn't moved much. The Claw Monger looked away shoving its large hand trying desperately to block the bullets. Ash moved towards it closer and closer. \"GET YOUR UGLY CLAW AWAY FROM MY GIRL!\"yelled Ash Clare awoke struggling to move. Clare looked left seeing through the bended door. The Sheriff car blockage blocking her way out. Clare rushed over towards the passenger side of the Bronco grabbing the shotgun. Clare kicked open the passenger door running out and taking aim. Ash emptied his clip. The empty clip dropped into the ground. Ash grabbed the extra clip from the back of his belt. Clare ran beside him aiming. Clare's head was bleeding dripping blood down her left side of her face. The Claw Monger looked at both of them snarling as it charged towards them. \"Who's your girl, Ash?\"asked Clare with a smile \"My beautiful White Bronco, barely got her 2 days ago, not even fully paid off yet\"said Ash It lifted its claw arm high above its head. The length was long 3 arms long. The hand claw looked heavy. Yet both Clare and Ash fired away. The Claw Monger whimpered and fell heavily back into the ground. Both Ash and Clare felt a little movement. Ash lowered his rifle. \"David, and Share VS Goliath\" said Ash smiling \"Who's Share?\"asked Clare Ash smiled. He chuckled a bit. Lowering his rifle by his side. He looked back at the end of the truck then forward. Seeing the massive smoke trail in the sky. \"We better hurry\"said Ash[Chapter 4] CHAPTER 4 RETURN OF ZOMBIES People slammed there doors shut. Closing they're doors closed tightly. Rain continued pouring all throughout town. Lightning struck. Causing aloud banging went on like a running shower head. Nothing stopped. The Gasoline station was burned. Burned to a complete crisp. Ruined from the inside out. Ash and Clare stopped checking on the situation. Yet nothing was right. Dead bodies were scattered. Burned and dead. Ash sighed seeing them. \"Damn it\"said Ash \"Teens...fucking hell I told Todd to leave that fucking book alone but they never listened\"said Clare \"Same here except, it was with a recording\"said Ash Sounds of breaking bones. Sounds of moaning and grunting came to life. Ash and Clare both moved back seeing the 20 dead bodies of teens. Moving slowly. Clare gulped down quickly. Slowly aiming forward. Sounds of strange yelling went off. Snarling and screaming, unbearable screaming. Bones cracked as they moved getting back up to there feet. They stared with blood red glowing eyes of hatred. Eyes that have wanted more out of death. There bottom jaws opened. Ash's face regained confidence. \"Fuck you guys\"said Ash Clare and Ash fired upon the many rushing Zombies as some were on fire. They ran towards them desperately wanting to taste flesh. Wanting to feel something in there bellies again. Ash fired his Assault rifle from the hip. Aiming towards all the many rushing towards him. Bodies dropped into pieces. Limbs flew back into the ground. Yet the few without legs crawled desperately towards Ash and Clare. Heading towards them as they reloaded. Both moved back and back away from them. Clare grabbed ahold of Ash as he was reloading his assault rifle dropping his fresh new ammo clip. A 4 door BMW car smashed through the street. Passing by Ash and Clare. Both fell into the ground. Zombies were instantly crushed through as it passed by. The BMW smashed straight into a street light. It broke as it fell sparkling alive. Sparkling wildly. Ash looked up quickly as he grunted. \"Thanks, for that\"said Ash Large bear like roar came from the distance. Ash and Clare looked towards it. Seeing it for what it was. \"What the fuck is that?\"asked Ash \"Mitch? No?!\"yelled Clare *CHANGE POINT OF VIEW* VIEW CHANGED* \"No fucking way I don't believe this shit!\"yelled Harley \"I'm not lying about this, you saw it and know it well\"said Helena Harley stopped walking and stood in the center of the bar holding her weapon. Holding the empty clip of her AK-47. Looking downwards with a smile. She laughed a little. Thinking this entire thing was some big hoax. Helena walked away from Haley taking a few steps back. Looking away from her. \"Why don't you believe what you saw\"asked Helena \"Because I don't, I just don't this isn't happening!\"yelled Harley Haley looked back towards Helena. Sighing with a bit sense of relief. She held her AK-47 in one hand. With her free hand she scratched her forehead. Thinking what to do. What did she was real or fake? What if she was losing her mind or not. Haley looked forward again seeing the blockage of tables and chairs. The steel doors were calm. \"What if they bite you?\"she asked \"You'll become infected and tormented from the inside out and will be erased from this life\"said Helena Haley looked back towards Helena shocked with what she just said. The way she said it calmly and quickly shocked her. \"That it?\"asked Harley \"Practically or if you prefer me to go into full detail of each stage?\"asked Helena Loud screaming went off from a distance. Helena looked forward. Haley rushed towards the doors. Haley looked at the doorway small round windows. Looking at the heavy rain going on. Haley recognize the loud screaming from outside. \"That's?!\"said Harley *CHANGE OF VIEW TOWARDS OUTSIDE* \"AHHHHHHHHH!\"yelled Ash Clare looked back seeing the many other rushing Zombies after them. The massive beast at the far distance with steel chains on it's body dangling. The zombies yelled snarling loudly towards Clare and Ash. Ash looked back then forward again. Both ran down the cold cracked street. Ash tried running faster. Both panicking and frightened. Scared. Ash looked forward seeing the waiting bar still with it's lights on. Clare held onto her shotgun. Ash threw his assault rifle into one of the dead zombies as it tripped and fell into the ground being stomped into the ground. \"HAHAHAAHAHA\"laughed out loud Ash \"ASH!\"yelled Harley opening the doorway \"Open the door!\"yelled Ash Ash and Clare quickly rushed towards them as they ran into the bar. Harley ran inside first as Ash closed the door after Clare ran inside. Ash held onto the door handle. Struggling to hold it closed. Zombies on the outside of the door. Banging back and forth. Ash struggled to hold onto the door. Trying to keep it shut. Clare and Harley blocked the door from opening again. As the screams and yells of the zombies went on and on. \"Stop you bastards!\"yelled Ash The doors stopped moving after Ash had said that. Ash sighed looking down towards the ground. Helena looked at them. Clare looked back and rushed towards her sister as they hugged. \"You made it\"said Helena Harley looked back at them. Ash stood beside her looking at her weapon. \"You got any more of those?\"asked Ash \"What? No hi or what went down before this mess? Just one, an old rifle in the back\"said Harley Ash walked past her. Heading towards the back of the bar. Harley looked at Clare. \"So what now?\"asked Harley Clare looked back towards her. Both herself and Helena. *CHANGE OF VIEW TOWARDS ASH* The door opened as Ash entered towards the closet room. The dusty room dropped little bits of smoke. Ash coughed aloud. He looked around as only darkness was filled inside. Ash lifted up his right hand to turn on the light. Ash noticed a working wooden table in front of him. To his left there were tools, parts, and electrical equipment. Ash smiled seeing the extra things he could use to put some things together. Ash looked forward towards the wall in front of him. Seeing a clothed covered weapon. \"Groovy baby\"said Ash[Chapter 5] CHAPTER 5 ZOMBIE MADNESS BEAST Banging after banging went on. The cold rain continued falling. Lighting sounded off. The zombies began to crowd all around the town. Yet the large chunk of fiery smoke burned through other buildings. The night was cold. Behind the horde of zombies. There massively large sized leader was slowly approaching the Bar. The beast was called \" Zombie Madness \". Large in height. Medium in width. Its left arm was wrapped around with a long steel chain. The end of the chain had wrapped it self up with an end of a car door. It was dented and burned. Stabbed into the ground. It walked slowly. Dragging it through the crowded streets. Its face had no eyes or mouth. Only one long slash like mark going diagonal down it's face. The skin was mixed in a shape like a wrapped cloth. In a swirling twisted motion. The beast dragged the door. Its wrapped chain arm was muscular. His right hand was open. It only had 3 fingers on. The other 2 fingers were bleeding out. Around it's torn flesh on its was it was a strap of torn blue clothing. A blue shirt cloth. It was taller than the others. Passing by them as it squished them one by one. Other zombies looked back towards it. Yet the Zombie Madness didn't care. It slapped them aside. It growled. Its twisted face moved breathing in and out. Its chest had dangling chains from its top torso. Its rib cage had an ax on it's right hand side. Its back had hands of smaller humans and animals sticking out of it. *CHANGE OF VIEW BACK TOWARDS ASH AND HIS FRIENDS* The doors were still shut. The Zombie Madness stopped walking an grabbed ahold of it's chain with both hands. Putting all his force into it. He swung left as the Car door smashed through the steel doors and barricade. Zombies struggled trying to rush inside. Harley fired her AK-47 towards the broken windows. Helena moved back holding a machete in her left hand. Clare held the rifle. Aiming towards the steel doors. Ash was still in the back working his magic on something he always wanted for sometime. Sparks flew past his face. \"ASH?! Hurry up!\"yelled Clare \"Shit!Shit!\"yelled Harley reloading her weapon again Ash looked back seeing the zombie infested hands struggling to get in. Clare fired one by one bullet after bullet. Yet as she aimed. The zombie's continued trying to get in. Yet a loud roar went off sounding like an alarm. The three stared at the door. Shocked seeing the hands moving away. Some didn't move away at all. They wanted the fresh taste of flesh. The doors bursted as the steel chain flew through it. Helena yelled as she jumped right. Clare and Harley jumped left avoiding the collision. The car door flew into the wall. Getting halfway stuck. Dust came around. Zombies ran inside. Others were instantly killed by the attack of there leader. \"What the fuck is that?!\"yelled Harley Clare helped up Harley. Both looked at each other then forward again. Hearing the sounds of demonic voices. Helena slashed a rushing zombie in half. She stared forward seeing the beast. It growled aloud. \"Zombie Madness Beast\"said Helena \"What?! A zombie?! No fucking way\"said Harley \"A monstrous demon from down below, the Necrocomicon has given it life once more\"said Helena \"How can we kill it?\"asked Harley Behind them Ash walked towards them. He stood holding a torch, a burning torch. \"By burning it to ashes\"said Ash Ash noticed the door trying to be moved. Zombies rushed inside as the Zombie Madness ripped off the doors clean and quickly. It yelled. \"Ash! Go and kill that thing it'll at least end these Zombies\"yelled Helena Ash looked towards her. Helena ran past him. Ash looked forward again smiling at the tall beast. \"How about it big guy? Let's dance\"said Ash Zombie Madness roared pointing towards Ash. Zombies ran towards him. Clare,Helena, and Harley ran out of the Bar from another exit. Harley looked back at Ash. \"Harley! Come on!\"yelled Clare \"He can't do this by himself\"said Harley \"He can, we got his back from the outside\"said Helena *CHANGE OF VIEW* Zombies chased after the women. Yet Ash stared back at the Zombie Madness as it walked into the bar tearing apart the building. Ash aimed his prepped flamethrower. He aimed forward as the monster yelled pulling back its heavy chain. The bended car door flew past Ash. \"Damn bitch, let's dance\"said Ash Ash's flame thrower blew towards the walking behemoth. It yelled with its massive mouth like head screaming out loud. Fire burned onto the stomach of the beast. Ash moved right trying to avoid the attacks. It wobbled trying to kill Ash by crushing him. Ash grunted trying to move quick. Having the extra tank weight on his back. Moving away from the Zombie Madness Beast. It forced itself inside. Tearing apart its bits of body. Ash burned its legs as it struggled entering. The roof top began to shatter. It shattered as it walked forward inside the bar. Ash flamed through the building. The floors burned. Zombies ran through the flames without any care. Limbs and bodies burned. Ash moved rushing out the left broken side of the bar. He ran through small broken openings heading towards the open street. The rain dripped onto his made flame thrower. Ash jumped over torn broken chunks of rubble. He headed straight into the street looking back towards the burning bar. Zombie Madness moved quickly as its body burned it rushed out of the burning bar. Ash continued trying to burn it. Other zombies ran towards him struggling to protect it. As they burned into ashes. The beast ran out smashing through his posed dead and fell into the ground. It yelled as it burned and dried off because of the wet rain. Clare fired her rifle into it's skull. She fired bullet after bullet. Blood rushed out. Ash tossed his empty flame thrower into the ground. Ash rushed towards Clare. The sound of the dead beast went away. Lying there lifeless. The zombies around them dropped into the ground.[Chapter 6] CHAPTER 6 HIGH CHURCH Doors swung open. Clare took the lead. Ash walked forward into the hallway. All 4 of them entered into the church. Ash looked around seeing other survivors standing up frightened. Scared they stared back at Ash as Helena stood behind him. Harley and Clare closed the doors behind them. Making sure it was locked. Ash looked at all of them. One of the survivors was with his family. Another was with his sister. Another was a priest praying on his knees ahead towards the mantle. Ash sighed. Taking in a moment of fresh air. \"Hey...\"said Ash calmly \"Is-Is-Are you bitten?!\"yelled a survivor \"What?! No\"said Harley Harley walked past Clare and the other two. Heading towards an open seat. Harley sat down setting aside her AK-47 by her right hand side. Taking in a moment to think about what happened. Ash stood looking at the stained windows with blood and cracks. Some Survivors had boarded up the broken parts of the windows. \"Shit...I've only been here for 2 years and now...\"said Ash \"All this...is my fault\"said Clare as she stood on the doorway Ash looked back towards Clare. Helena walked towards her. Ash stared at them. \"Clare there was nothing you could have done differently\"said Helena \"Sis we had seen this before..I failed in preventing this\"said Clare \"Clare really I couldn't had done anything before when it happened\"said Ash \"Now my friends...have become these monstrous terrorizing demons that are killing this town\"said Clare Ash looked back at the other survivors listening to what she was talking about. The Priest stopped praying as he heard those words. Harley opened her eyes looking back towards Ash and the other 2. \"What?!\"yelled the Family dad while holing his wounded daughter in his arms \"Wait hold on she didn't do this!\"yelled Ash The Priest stood back up wiping his sweat away. Listening to the sounds of yelling went on back and forth. \"My brother died! Because of Her!\"yelled a another survivor \"Evils!Get out of the house of the Lord!\"yelled The Priest \"No! Wait! Wait! This wasn't anything to do with-\" \"Shut up!\"yelled another Clare looked forward seeing the many arguing over the situation. Ash was yelling back at them. Struggling to calm them down. \"We must leave\"said Helena Clare walked passed her towards Ash. \"I'm sorry, but we can survive this we just have to stay together\"said Clare \"No! You shut the fuck up!\"yelled another \"You have to leave! You brought them here, you leave and they'll leave!\"yelled the father holding his wounded daughter \"Were trying to save this fucking town!\"yelled Ash \"You have no right in staying here just to save your own ass!\"yelled another survivor but older The windows shattered, as bodies flew inside. Dropping heavily into the ground. Survivors yelled as they moved away from the 2 bodies. Ash stared at them. The 2 bodies moved little as they crawled . There arms stretched out towards the seats. The Priest gasped breathing lots. He sweated faster. The rain water entered through the shattered windows. Harley took aim and fired her weapon at them. The 2 bodies were shot up as they yelled in pain. Ash looked back up towards the Priest as he prayed. Harley lowered her AK-47 down as she looked at them frightened. Loud roars went off. \"Helen, where's the Necrocomicon?\"asked Ash \"The last Beast has it within it's body\"said Clare Ash looked towards Clare. \"And where is that exactly on his body?\"asked Ash \"His top torso, and its trying to leave town\"said Helena Ash looked back towards the Survivors as they headed towards the back of the Church. Closing the doors on Ash and the rest. Locking themselves on the other side of the church. Ash sighed placing his hands on his head. Harley looked back towards them. Seeing how this mess was brought by Clare. \"I'm going with you guys\"she said Ash looked towards her and back at the window. The cold wet rain dripped through. Lighting went off striking into town.[Chapter 7] CHAPTER 7 DARK HOLLOWS Ash walked side by side with his allies. Heading into the alleyway. Heading towards the main sounding attraction. The main problematic cause of the many deaths. Cause of the disturbance within this loving town. Clare was behind Ash. He stared out towards the open street. The light poles sparked with electricity. Bursting out there shattered light bulbs. Ash could see other dead bodies lying around. 2 Cars had a collision. Both were crushed together at the center of the crossing streets. Ash noticed the sounds of rain and a clear way to head towards the last beast. \"This seems way too easy\"said Ash \"Shut up! Dont jinks us\"whispered Harley Harley held onto her weapon gripping it tightly. The group began to move up towards the collided cars. Trying to move stealthy, hiding behind the cars. Clare stared at the far street. She could see walking, breathing deer. The deer's body was bloody, its skin was torn. It's eyes glowed yellow. It's bottom jaw was gone. \"Great...they have deers\"said Clare \"What?! Thanks a lot Ash\"said Harley \"What will a deer do? All they'll do is just stare and maybe kick\"said Ash \"They're possed and Ash we understand they can do more than just kick\"said Helena Ash looked towards her. He sighed as she said that. \"Always another pain in the ass with something\"said Ash Harley aimed her rifle forward ready to shoot. Until something instally grabbed ahold of her weapon as she let go. Harley gasped as she let go of the melting weapon. At they're far right was a slouched toad. A massive dead toad. Ash looked shocked. \"Great\"said Ash The group headed right running. The massive dead toad spat out acid flying behind them. It groaned. Hoping towards them. Ash looked back seeing it getting closer. The deer yelled aloud. 3 Others came in behind it. They ran towards Ash and his friends. Heading towards them quickly. Clare ran inside the broken doorway of the Gun store. Helena, Harley and Ash followed as they shut the door closed. Blocking it completely closed. Moving furniture into the broken door. Ash looked back seeing the weapons. Harley noticed the Scar Assault Rile. She grabbed it and checked the weapon. Ash walked towards the back. He noticed the glass weapon stocks. Clare turned on the lights. Ash noticed the brand new combat shotgun, revolver, and a katana. \"Damn\"said Ash \"We better stock up, because at this rate we wont end up doing much\"said Clare She looked back at the others as she grabbed a pistol with light attachments. Clare grabbed 2 pistols strapping them onto her legs. Ash smiled grabbing ahold of his weapons. \"Groovy Baby\"said Ash The rushing Deers continued banging against the blocked doorway. The door was being hit continuously as The group inside fired they're weapons towards the door. Bullets flew through the small cracks of openings. Passing through rotten flesh of the dead deer. The door fell into the wet cold ground. Ash and his friends ran passed the dead corpses. Heading off towards the last of the Necorcomicon beasts. Quickly struggling to run. Ash fired his shotgun as the hoping toad. In mid air it had jumped. Ash fired his shotgun into its long tongue. Serving it completely off. Ash yelled as part of the acid splattered onto his shotgun. It melted as he tossed it into the ground. Ash grabbed the katana on his back and his side arm Revolver. Ash ran behind his friends. Yelling came aloud as they ran towards the menacing beast ahead of them. Fog came around them. Yet flames bursted through the buildings. \"Ash, remember it breathes and lives to break the very lives of men\"said Helena Ash looked back towards her. Seeing her still in a praying position as they all ran. All together. \"Helena , I understand just stay in distance of us\"said Ash Clare fired her sniper rifle ahead shooting off the dozen heads of rushing zombies. The zombies clumsy died one by one. A car exploded as they stopped. Ash noticed the beast. The massive beast moved. It's body was covered by everlasting flames. Ash stared shocked seeing nothing like this before. The monstrosity was large. It walked. Its organic body was gone. Burned clean off. It had 4 eyes. 2 large buff strong arms. Its legs were slightly chunky. It's eyes glowed yellow. It stood taller than an average Bear. Tall as a light pole. Helena stared at it's movements. Its embodiment of flames. \"Okay...that's clever\"said Ash The rain water dropped misting onto it's boiling heated flamed body. It yelled. It's long tail moved in a wiping movement. Clare gulped down. Harley was shaking feeling great fear. \"Clare\"said Harley \"I -I know...the last one was my friend...the one who read the book, Sheila Norma\"said Clare Clare was crying feeling the uttering pain in herself. Knowing that all this. All these people. Her friends being possessed by an evil that never stops. Ash walked forward. Helena looked at him walking towards Clare. He stood beside her and Harley. \"What we do now changes everything, let's knock his block off\"said Ash Ash took aim firing his revolver straight towards it. Hitting it's chest. The Beast slowly walked towards them yelling. The bullet flew into its chest. \"Helena!? How do we kill this son of a bitch!?\"yelled Ash \"Dark Flames of Evil arise as the one Beast returns towards the earth, roaming once again to make chaos\"said Helena while standing she looked down at her feet Ash looked back. Seeing what she was doing. \"Ash just like the rest firing at it until it dies\"said Harley Ash looked back as Clare and Harley fired again and again. Ash fired back towards it's flaming head. \"I know what this is\"said Clare Ash reloaded his revolver. Looking towards Clare. \"Surprise me\"said Ash \"The Necrocomicon, on it's beating chest\"said Clare \"Awww, Crap I see it\"said Ash The massive tail swung around. Knocking into the nearby buildings. Ash placed his katana onto his back. Reaching to his back belt pocket he grabbed his SMG. Clare took aim firing at the Book of the Dead. The Necrocomicon. The exposed book. Ash ran right. Harley went left trying to get it's attention. The massive flame began to spread under its feet. It yelled aloud. Helena looked towards its screams hearing it's pain.[Chapter 8] CHAPTER 8 DARK FLAMESHAW BEAST Clare fired. The Necrocomicon was hit again and again. DARK FLAMESHAW BEAST, burned in rage. Feeling the pain rushing through. Ash took aim firing towards another angle. It moved right struggling to hit Ash. Harley took her chance firing at it's left side. Causing it to struggle with confusion. Making it look around more than once. Ash yelled at i as it slammed downward its heavy burning fist. Harley ran away from it's attack. Ash jumped left from the broken car. The right hand dropped onto it. Ash rolled across the floor and back up to his feet. \"Missed me\"said Ash smiling He stared at the DARK FLAMESHAW BEAST's burning eyes. Harley was hit by it's long fiery tail. Helena ducked as it turned looking towards Ash. Getting it's complete attention. Ash stood back up again. He stared back at it head on. \"RAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!\"it yelled \"COME ON!SHOW ME WHAT YOUR MADE OF!\"yelled Ash Ash took aim with both heavy cannons in his hands. He walked backwards. Firing his dual revolvers head on. DARK FLAMESHAW BEAST moved in quick trying to catch him. The ground shook little by little as it moved quick. Ash fired again and again. The Necrocomicon book was nearly beat. It looked ruined and battered. Clare cursed as she reloaded her sniper rifle once more. Helena helped Harley. She gasped as her wounded leg was bleeding. \"Argh! Damn it!\"she yelled \"Hold on\"said Helena Ash reloaded his dual revolvers. While moving backwards the massively long tail rose up wards as the beast smiled. \"Aww fuck you!\"yelled Ash Ash jumped left avoiding the incoming tail as it dropped into the ground. Clare took another shot as it moved right. Ash tossed his revolvers into the ground and grabbed his katana. Dark Flameshaw looked at Clare. And Clare stared back at it. \"No\"said Clare \"CLARE...\"it said in 5 voices It moved towards her. Struggling to grabbed ahold of her as it reached out. Reached out towards her with an opened hand. It stopped. Clare stared frightened thinking of reaching out towards it. Knowing this was her last friend alive. It yelled aloud. Looking up towards the sky. Ash slashed at it's right leg then the left one. Behind Clare Helena fired the dropped pistol. The book bursted into flames. The massive beast looked towards Helena as she lowered the empty pistol. Clare dropped to her knees. Crying as she dropped the sniper rifle into the ground. Ash held onto his katana on his right shoulder. He stared at the Flameshaw beast moving loudly screaming. Shouting in pain. The rain continued pouring all over its vanishing flame body. Bullet slammed hard onto it's back. Ash looked up towards the sky seeing the lights coming from military helicopters. Military jeeps and tanks rolled into town. Heading into the streets. Killing whatever possessed monster was around. \"About time\"said Ash Clare looked up seeing it fall onto the ground. Dying. Helena walked towards her embracing her sister. Harley was resting beside broken chunks of debri. Ash walked over towards Helena and Clare. Ash smiled towards them. Harley was helped and checked by medic soldiers as trucks arrived around them. Civilians ran out as they were helped. Helicopters flew all around the town. Lighting up the dark clouded night. The rain became light. \"Clare...all this you did it\"said Ash Clare looked at him. Helena looked at him as well. \"Ash thank you\"she said Helena looked at Ash and knew what he would now want. \"Ash you have earned your reward-\" \"Helena, I wanted to say thank you and now that I think of it clearly I didn't want that reward\"said Ash Helena stared at him and smiled. \"Ash? I thought you wanted your life back\"said Clare confused \"I did. But I now have it back, and I see what I have to do what I'm meant to do\"said Ash \"To prevent this, to do what I need to do for people like yourselves to live\"said Ash \"Your devoted? Ash what about what you thought you wanted?\"asked Clare Ash looked towards her and sighed. \"Don't worry baby the day will come, but not now\"said Ash Clare smiled as she hugged Ash. \"They'll be more than ever Ash, you will have to see beyond what you have done\"said Helena \"I know but I'm willing to take that chance\"said Ash EVIL DEAD 5 \"HOPE YOU GUYS LOVED THIS PART OF THE ASH RETURNS TRILOGY\" \"Well I will make the last part of the trilogy, maybe in another situation\" \"Let me know what you guys think\" \"I'll even take advice for a new setting or story line of what if's\" \"I'm still thinking of what to do next\" ","Summary":" From Author: LEGENDARY ICON \"The continuation of \"EVIL DEAD 4\", after the final Boss\" \"I hope "},{"Movie":"Evil Dead Army of Darkness","Title":"EVIL DEAD 4","Author":"Methodical Mind","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9898909","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 Nightmare Heavy fog of massive smoke surrounded itself around a lost soul. Yet this lost soul was familiar within this scenery his mind wasn't mistaken. His body shook desperately searching for a way out of its horrid blindness. Its fog continued to stretch on and on. His breath continued to escape his lungs again and again. His mind was solidly thinking of a way out. His eyes noticing if any change in the surroundings around him. Yet he could only see blackened skies as if night befell him. He stopped hearing the horrid screams and loud noises. The horrid sounds of slaughter and growls echoed through him. He stood up and looked upwards seeing the black sky. His body slowly began to feel pain. His mind slowly felt as it was going into madness. His eyes were protected. He didn't even struggle to bare the sounds of horror. He had adapted. Feeling as if he did within time he ignored catching his breathing again. His mind slowly gained confidence. His muscles slowly released the compressed tension they gained over time. His abdomen felt relieved from its subdued compression. His legs calmed down from their continuous pressure of walking. His loosely hair was filled with sweat. Knowing what he was going through he would be able to escape this madness. His buttoned shirt was loose. His buffed out thin body sweated dripping through his blue shirt. Believing within his mind that all this was only a hallucination and nothing more. Believing he could overcome this within that single instant of controlled concentration. Opening his eyes slowly he felt good actually good within. Yet his feeling of being good felt gone. A sudden feeling of rising fingers he felt. Moving wiggling fingers that ran up his brown pants. His eyes widened. He could feel it tickling through. Slowly looking down he could see he widely grinning dead girlfriend of his. Her name was \"Linda\". Linda's blonde hair shined within the fog as he could see her clearly. She looked up to him on her knees smiling with red lipstick on her precious lips. Her eyes beautifully shined along with her beauty. Calming down he slowly reached out to her with a shaking left hand. His face reaction was beautifully saddened by what had happened to her. He could feel the guilt running through him even today. His minds along with his heart have barely begun to move on. His feelings and emotions had begun to revolve around in circles believing in something else. He felt confused by all this. Yet he still couldn't believe that she was here with him. The girl of his dreams that made him feel awesome. Within the moment of touching and feeling her right cheek against his fingers. Her eyes along with her body. Her skin and peaceful motion. It all turned into flames and ashes in front of him. He backed away shocked .His body gained a quick shot of rushing adrenaline. His mind acted on self-defense if needed. His eyes widened by this. Laughter came from all around him as he yelled in anger. Looking around desperately again. Feeling cheated. Feeling stolen. Feeling as if he was the only one. He dropped to his knees. \"YOU BASTARDS!\"he yelled \"YOU GODDAMN BASTARDS!\"he continued He looked around sweating as he stood and stomped is right foot down. \"HAHHAHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHA\"laughter of evil continued \"WE WILL MAKE YOU SUFFUER!\" it continued \"HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHHA\" \"HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHAHA\" \"HAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA\" \"WE RISE, AS WE ONCE FELL!, WE'LL SWALLOW YOUR SOULS!\"it continued The man looked towards the fogged sky angered and pissed \"AHHHHHH!\"he yelled loudly EVIL DEAD 4[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 Shall We, Begin Stink was the main word for the drunk lost bar. The Bar had less honest customers and more of the kind that fought for stupid reasons. Other moments within the week. The Bar was filled with bikers and gays. Both sides would fight for ridiculous reasons that somewhat made sense. The outside of their bar was large and old. Ruined was another word used to express how ugly and outdated it had become. It had opened 20 years ago. The married couple had lived within this quiet little town. They loved the peaceful nature and its calm attitude towards newcomers. Yet they're marriage within this dump didn't last as the owner had died 2 years after opening from a gunshot wound. One of his regulars had blown a gasket within themselves going berserk. Yet they had gained a daughter named \"Harley Gala\" a young 20 year old blonde Irish woman. Taking the family business on her own. The steel door was greyish and large. Across the street was a small restaurant named \"Marten\" which sold really good pie. Kind and loving people who almost been living within the town for 40 years. The rain had let itself go as the clouds covered the sun setting sky. Its heavy rain water dropped splashing into the ground. A man walked through the rain wearing a small brown light opened sweater. His hair was soaked yet it was black and fuzzy. His face expression was terrible yet he didn't mind. He walked passed small newspaper stands as salesman packed their belongings. His black shoes splashed into the puddles. His hands deep into his sweater pockets. His blue buttoned shirt was getting soaked. His light brown pants were halfway wet. His eyes sharp towards sight. He couldn't be any wrong if he had been in trouble. Walking with a steady pace he felt the nerve for some liquor and booze to calm himself down a little. Not even caring to look left or right he crossed the street. No sign of lights or cars were by. While crossing within the wet puddled street. From down the lower same street. A hooded woman stared forward walking slowly holding between her hands a dangling necklace. Her face was completely covered with a worn out long cloth ran down to her feet torn and dangling. Her pants were worn out. Her blackened scarfs tied around her waist moving side to side. \"Destiny\" she said The door swung open. The drunken crowd continued talking and banging on tables laughing. Chunks of beer spilled across the tables. Men laughed, enjoying their football game. The plasma TV was new 50 inch. Calmly walking into the bar he felt the urge to look over his right shoulder noticing at the far end a bunch of Bikers minding their own. He didn't care as he continued to walk on towards the bar as she the bartender smiled at him. Her hands busy with cleaning dirty cups of glass. Smiling back towards her he placed his right elbow on the counter. His body lying on his right side as he took a seat. \"What'll it be today Ash? The usual?\" she asked \"Yeah,Harely if I could have a couple\" he said smiling \"Couple?, usually it's 2\"she asked \"Well I need to forget some things\" he said \"Alright,don't let me be one of them\" she said smiling at him Ash looked down smiling. The sound of the door closing caught his attention. Looking to his right he could see the over coated woman. She walked towards the bar calmly. Ash had some thoughts in his mind of how regular and awkward this was. But then again what wasn't awkward. Ash looked away as he looked down at his left hand tapping the wooden table like bar. The hooded woman placed her thin hands holding closely her necklace wrapped around her thin young fingers. Ash couldn't handle the into her darkened hoodie slight tone came from her as Ash looked into her darkness. Within his mind flowed many memories of darkened images. The first was of the evil rising from below. Thin hands of human-like beings shot out from the wood dirt. The 2nd image was raining blood, it rained through the woods as a woman ran through them screaming. Her pace continued to run like hell. Blood dripped through her clothes and onto her damaged skin. She gripped her bleeding right Ash could feel her intense pain, running through his body. His muscles ached and felt incredible pain. The last image was of a darkened being walking slowly forward. It's glowing yellow eyes surged through the darkness. Its voice spoke aloud as it echoed through the midnight. Cold air was felt through Ash, he began to cough. His body felt its incredible chill running up his spine. Ash's eyes went wide then he looked away gasping for air as if he had lost it all of a sudden. The hooded woman was standing to his left side. She had moved closer as he tried to understand what he just saw. \"Who the hell are you?!\"asked Ash looking forward knowing she was beside him \"We need to talk, Ashley Williams\" she said Ash looked slowly towards her as she walked away towards a table at the far left hand side of the bar and sat down. The round wooden table was alone with a single light above. Ash looked forward again noticing his drink and glass cup within his hand had been broken. The shock along with those images gave him fear. His fear grew more within him as he thought deeper. Ash took in a deep breath and stood up as Harely stared shocked noticing Ash walking staring down at this stranger. She gazed forward at the shattered glass and began to slowly clean it up. Ash walked slowly and stood facing her. The bar sounds and cheering continued. \"How do you know my name?\" he asked \"I've known you since the day, the day the Necronomicon was discovered\" she answered Ash closed his eyes remembering that fateful day \"I know that you fought those same evils before, along with not sleeping, resting\" she answered \"What do you want with me?, What was that in those images?\" he asked \"There are warnings of what is coming next, they are what I see before they happen\" she answered \"Yet unfortunately I need your help Ash\" she asked \"Oh yeah? I don't do this for-\" \"She's a fragile one named \"Clare\", my sister\" she said \"I don't do these things anymore, I'm done\" he said \"2 years you've been running Ash, 2 years you've been fighting, 2 years you've lost\" she said Ash looked away as he raised his right hand, his right robotic hand was covered with a black biker glove. \"I know your pain, I can give you back the 2 years of your life\" she said \"You trust me? A complete stranger-\" \"You're not a complete stranger I have foreshadowed you, sharing your pain along with the nightmares, the attacks, all the painful nights you suffer\" she answered towards him Ash looked away closing his eyes knowing what she spoke was painful truth. Yet his mind thought of what would happen if he didn't help. What if he chose to allow them to die what would that make him? Ash looked towards her. \"Alright I'll do it, where am I to go\" he asked \"There here in town, up the road and into the Red High Woods\" she said \"What's your name?\" he asked \"I'm called \"Helena The Light\" she said \"The Light?\" he asked \"Take this with you, I'll be able to guide you through it all\" she said handing him the necklace around her hand. Ash grabbed ahold of It as it glowed within his hand. Noticing the light blue color of light fade away suddenly. Ash walked passed others who began to leave and headed out through the front door. Helena looked down at the table. She held her hands together almost as if she was in prayer. \"May you reach them in time\" she said[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 Groovy Butterflies Ash grabbed ahold of a shotgun's pump action barrel. Looking closely into the arsenal of weapons he grabbed and asked for. The Grumpy and laughing salesman stared at Ash as he looked serious into what he was doing. Yet Ash didn't care about what they thought. He had known leaving the past was simply running for 2 years, he would be safe. Yet nothing was safe not even himself. Ash aimed the massively powered revolver forward noticing the point blank range. Ash then lowered it as he saw above the counter was a new styled chainsaw with longer gas tank. A smile grew. \"Groovy\" he said A young woman ran through the forest screaming as she continuously looked back. She stopped gripping her left arm into her right then shockingly looking up and down. The silence of the scary torn woods echoed. Her eyes nearly popped from her skull. She knew she was near civilization. She could hear the many voices of celebration. The many voices of laughing and enjoyment. Looking forward she could see the uttering pitch black darkness of the night. The horrid moonlight shined with its own greedy gleam. Rain continued to fall heavily upon the land. Her teeth gritted in fear against each other. She could feel her spine running through her muscles on her back. She was freighted of what her and her friends had done. Her best friend read aloud a book named \"Necronomicon\".The Book of the dead. Yet it was something not likely to be destroyed. Yet knowing they horribly died one after another. One of her friends had become possed and caused incredible pain within each other. Now she must survive this. She knew she must get back to the Reedville Town. She cried slowly in tears feeling this pain. Looking desperately back she could see another cabin at the far end of a lake. She backed up slowly as she heard the greeting voices ahead of her. The voices giggled. The voices echoed through the woods reaching her ears. She closed her eyes trying desperately to ignore them. Desperately trying to live with a calm knowledge of peace. The dirt ground below her made small cracking sounds. She stepped on small branches and small plastic beer cups. She could tell she was close to these others. Her body her body shook rapidly within the rain. Small lights glowed 30 feet away from her as she stared with a shock. She realized they were getting closer towards her. She needed to move faster now. Desperately turning around she stumbled over a dropped branch this one large. She fell face first hard into the ground. She screamed in pain. Her red torn dress was ripped from her knees. Exposing her bloody knees and scratched ankles. Her skin was nearly pale from the horror. Looking back her blue colored hair was wet and loose. Parts of its loosely hair strings dropped onto her face swinging back and forth. Her eyes glowed hazel within the rain. Moving back quickly. She looked towards them as they laughed and moaned. Her left hand felt the rocky terrain of the lake. Looking back she could see the small walkway along with a small motor boat. She smiled and ran forward desperately trying to stay up on her feet. As she did one of them, the beings known as \"Demons\". Showed its grotesque body. Its body had gained fat, its clothes were torn. Its organs along with its human look were deformed into something mushed together. Its hands both were severed. Its face was falling off. Its eyes were gone. Yet it wobbled after her. She screamed towards of sorrow were yelled. Voices of pain and wanting echoed through as she floated away towards the middle of the lake. The engine of the boat teared through the watery liquid of the lake. The fat demon gargled at her then dropped into the water floating slowly with the small current. Looking back then forward she could see the demons running quickly through the woods. Rushing with such pace along with the one being still screaming in the far distance. She closed her eyes thinking of something else. An urge of being with her sister, Helena. She cried again. The boat reached the far end along with smashing against the sharp rocks at the shoreline. Quickly running out of the boat. She charged forward into the cabin door. The party was filled with people. People who wanted to enjoy a summer get away from the boring life within the city. Cheering along with women stripping. Women drinking. Men farting and was good for them. All was delight. Her hands smacked into the doorway. The music was amped high. Her screams wouldn't be heard at all. She pounded then looked back towards the lake seeing nothing. Within seconds the music began to stop and play. The lights began to dim on and off. One of the men went outside to check the fuse box. She ran around to the left side of the cabin. The young blonde haired smiled grinning as he checked the box on the right hand side. Yet he noticed something odd. Finger nails were stuck within the cables almost forced into them. He didn't care as he shrugged and pulled them out one by one. He smiled and drank his beer cup. He knew today was going to be the day he was going to get laid. He smiled knowing this simple thing. Boy what he was going to do after was to get an AIDS moment he had fixed the fuse box he grinned hearing the loud cheering along with the heavy metal music return. \"I got it!\" he yelled As soon as he turned around his face was bitten by another walking demon within the body of a woman. \"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!\"he yelled She ran through the open door scared dropping onto one knee in front of everyone. They stared shocked and frightened. \"Help me! Please!\"she yelled towards them The glass windows to the far right shattered as a sudden high pitch yell echoed through its premium thin glass. \"Oh shit!\"they yelled Running they shoved her and pushed her onto the floor. She screamed in pain as they kicked and screamed themselves. She was able to move to the side gripping her ruined right hand tightly close to her chest. Her body was in terrible disarray. The lights shined throughout the large 40 people cabin.40 People ran out like crazy and headed on through the dirt path. She looked shocked seeing the many shards of glass all over the ground. \"Oh god please help me\" she said sadly[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 Lightning Cars honked continuously over and over as young crowds rushed past other vehicles. The dirt path was covered with running water from the continuous rain. Couples and single people nearly killed themselves just trying to escape that chaos. As they did each gained their seats in a four door car. They drove off quickly not caring who was lost or forgotten. Within seconds of rushing through the blinding darkness of the scary woods. Youngsters cried and panicked others looked away believing what they heard and saw was nothing. All were tried to reach their cars but failed to do so as they fell onto the ground either drunk or dragged into the blackness. An orange 2 door car wouldn't start as its engine jammed and staggered to turn on. The 3 individuals within it complained and pressed on. Desperately trying again and again. The 3 shock as the car shut down. Rain slammed against the back along with the windows. Screams and roars continued echoing through the woods. The 3 looked back as loud sounds of nails and steel slashing away at each other. The woman beside the driver screamed as the door was ripped off. The grotesque beast's hand grabbed ahold of her. The driver looked to his right then screamed aloud. The back seated passenger screamed and tried to push against the driver's seat. Both rushed to turn on the car it roared back to life. The woman was dragged away into the shadows. The car backed up and its head lights shined through the everlasting night. Both shook to their cores. The driver didn't care about going back only he cared about leaving and heading to the city. The passenger cried as he stared down at his feet noticing the shaking hands. He began to slowly whimper. \"W-Ww-we left her\" he said \"Shut up! We-she –\"said the driver struggling to say something Within seconds of reaching the end of the dirt road. The car shut down again. Its engine died off. The driver slammed his head onto the steering wheel. The passenger cried and yelled as the heavy rain continued. Both felt the incredible guilt within their hearts. Both felt horrible knowing their friend was gone. Suddenly head lights ahead of them shined back at them. The driver looked forward seeing the lights thinking it was a miracle. He rushed out of the smoking car and walked towards it waving his hands. The car drove to the right and continued on without stopping. The white car was a massive truck known as a \"Ford Bronco\". Its dirt tires teared through the dirt road and continued on through the darkening night and into the woods. The man looked back shocked and yelled continuously. His reaction to seeing that one vehicle went back to that cabin. \"What a fool\" he said She ran through the cabin locking the windows with stacked chairs. She looked back seeing the large TV. Rushing over towards it she began to push it forward. Struggling she gritted her teeth worried for what might happen. Rain continued outside. Slow voices continued to echo through her mind. She closed her eyes believing in her sister's thoughts and within that instant a laughing couple walked out of the bedroom. Both half naked calmly walking out tired and sweating. Both looked shocked seeing no one else within the living room. They stared at her noticing. She reached out to them warning them to stay inside. Both looked puzzled and ran out both ran into the cold rain. \"Noo!\"she yelled Both ran towards the car, desperately trying to open the doors. Screams were heard around them. The man looked up noticing the grey sky. The woman looked around shaking as she looked past the man and towards the open door cabin seeing that woman screaming back to them. They ignored her as the doors opened. Within seconds of desperately rushing car was pushed and flipped. Both screamed wildly as it flipped over onto its top. The massively strong creature was known as \"Mauler\". A beast made from 3 human beings. Its grotesque body was disgusting to see. Its head merged of 3 heads, its 6 arms merged into 2 massive hands. Its legs were of limbs moved as like a charging bull. Parts of clothing barely hanged on its body. All the human skin was stretched and bleeding continuously. Scars and slash marks were all scattered throughout its body. The beast's weight crushed the car nearly flat. Yet it killed the man in a single flip. The woman was killed by its near charge. She stared horribly. She couldn't do anything as it roared loudly and shook its body. The grotesque body moved in a giggly way. Within her mouth she felt the barfing sensation rising within her. Looking away she heard massive honking. Head lights shined as the engine roared loudly, the dirt tires teared through the muddy ground. The Mauler looked back towards the headlights and charged forward. Its massive body ran like a bear. Its arms moved like a raging maniac. The white Bronco along with the beast both collided into each other. The steel heated grill burned its grotesque face as it screamed. Its body gripped and teared through the doors and the metal. The Bronco truck rammed on through pushing it back. The beasts legs moved forward both tested strength as a voice yelled aloud. \"COME ON!\" The Truck was being lifted as the sound of a window shattered and a pump action shotgun fired over and over. Its body was pierced by the incredible power. Its flesh flinged dangling around its opened wounds. Black blood gushed out. The heavy rain entered its wounds as it dropped the truck. The body dropped. Its wounds badly dug into its massive mammoth skull. The Bronco truck was nearly broken from the front. Its grill was horribly ruined. She stared shocked as black smoke came out of the front of the rammed truck. The sound of a door slammed closed. A man walked towards the beast as she could see the pump action shotgun firing again and once more into its skull. Making sure it died. Walking around the back of the truck he stared at Clare. Holding on his back a massive weapons bag. \"Ash, you made it\" she said \"Clare let's get inside\" he said[Chapter 5] Chapter 5 The Plan of many Both entered into the ruined yet fixed cabin. Ash dropped his weapon bag with a slam onto the wooden bar table. He opened his bag and took out bandages along with a small med kit. Clare sat down on the bar stool. Showing him her hand she looked away as he grabbed it and began cleaning gritted her teeth, closing her eyes .The pain was great. Ash looked up at her and noticed something odd. \"If I may ask, are you twins?\" asked Ash \"Yes, me and Helena and I know you aswell\"she said \"Has she always been..?! you know with that hoodie?\"he asked \"When she travels, but when she doesn't she rarely takes it off\" said Clare \"Alright\"he said \"You share thoughts? Or something like that\" he asked \"Yes memories, thoughts, feelings, all those\" she said \"Alright then well I'm sure you already know me, and my motives?\" he asked \"You're doing this to gain what you have lost over the years Ashley Williams, and your confused\" she said Ash looked closely at her wounded hand and finished with the bandaging \"How does one like yourself become involved with all of this?\" he asked \"I was born like this knowing of the book, we headed up here not for research or anything like that\" she said looking back at Ash \"We came for a relaxing weekend, and yet one of my dear friends found that book, and well things led to this\" she said \"I hear you, well then I need to find-\" She smiled and looked at the bag. Knowing already what they must do and Ash stood up grabbing ahold of a long range weapon. \"I'll guide you Ash and you deal with them\" she said \"Groovy, but first things first\" he said Ash grabbed his pump action shotgun and tossed it to her \"This will be your side arm when you don't have anything left, got it?\" he said She grabbed ahold of it and strapped it around her body placing it firmly on her back. \"Ash grabbed ahold of an assault rifle named M-16, this is your main weapon before that shotgun\" he said She grabbed it and took off the safety, then checked the ammo clip and placed it back down. Ash looked again and grabbed ahold of a small SMG \"You strap this on you thigh, and exactly if that rifle is done then use this\" he said \"You came prepared\" she said calmly \"Hell yeah girl,Im not going in without my patches\" he said Clare was given a weapon holster for her it tightly around her left thigh it stuck strapply on. Ash grabbed 2 silver barretas and holstered them in his weapon straps on his chest. The brown weapon holster held his 2 dual pistols by his ribs. Clare looked at Ash as he smiled and armed together a newly bought chainsaw. Placing it on his back tightly strapped on. Ash grabbed another SMG and placed it around his thigh as well. \"Hell yeah\"he said Ash grabbed ahold of his last weapon, another M-16 assault rifle except he colored it with a spray can blue and black. On its clip was his face in funny reactions. \"Really?\" she asked \"Baby, I'm awesome\" he said Loud screams were heard outside roaring as Ash and Clare stood back to back ready. Ash rushed towards the closed door and made sure it was locked. Clare ran towards the back door noticing through the small window. She could see the dead bodies running out of the lake. The lake glowed within the lightning as it struck within the woods. \"Here they come!\"she yelled Ash ran towards her as she randomly fired out the window. Her bullets pierced through their zombie like flesh as they growled and died one by fragile bodies couldn't handle much from their weapons. Skinny and dead they were. Ash looked out the window and noticed them as he counted quickly he counted 10. 5 died instantly. Some of them jumped high onto the cabin and began to run across the wet wooden rooftop. Ash looked up and fired little by little. Then he looked back. Noises were heard coming around them. The door bursted as an aggressive zombie like dog growled at Ash as he aimed and fired his weapon. The snarling K-9, had lost its skin. Its eyes glowed with fury. Its face half gone. Dashing forward into Ash it died before reaching him. Ash looked up again as he backed up slowly. Another 2 dogs ran forward as he continued firing. Clare reloaded her weapon. As she did they rushed and banged onto the door harder and harder as it cracked. Clare gritted her teeth in anger. She slammed her right shoulder into the ruined door trying desperately to keep it shut. Looking towards Ash she could see him fighting off his own demons. Ash yelled. His ammo stopped. His eyes grew wide as he noticed his gun click empty. Ash grabbed ahold of his single grenade on his belt and pulled the pin as Clare ran past him throwing it towards the breaking door. The hands of the undead corpses tried to reach out. Then Clare fired through the doorway at the incoming runners. The explosion bursted killing the runners outside. Ash looked away as the burst of flames blinded him. Clare looked back. The wall shattered into pieces as the raging Mauler grabbed ahold of Ash's left leg. \"What!? I killed you! MOTHER FUCKER\"yelled Ash It threw him through a wooden burning table. Clare ran back in firing into is ugly right side rib cage. It yelled with 3 voices mixed together. It moved wildly as its merged right arm burned. Ash rolled to his right avoiding its arms as they dropped hard into the ground floor. The Mauler yelled in pain. Ash quickly got up and ran towards Clare as it dropped flat onto the ground. Burning and filled with bullet holes. Ash walked outside reloading his rifle as Clare walked out behind him. \"Thanks, thought he died for sure after shooting him in the head many times\" said Ash \"No problem, were in this together and we have to cross the lake\" she said \"I'm not a good swimmer just so you know\" said Ash \"Nothing to it, just keep kicking\" she answered \"sure….Keep kicking she says that'll solve everything\" said Ash as he walked beside her scratching his head[Chapter 6] Chapter 6 Bigger is better Ash stared at the small boat. His eyes grew wide as the flames continued burning behind him. The Cabin burned throughout all the things inside. The flames continued as black smoke arose up into the sky. Ash only continued to stare and notice the wide range of the lake water there was. He gulped down hard on his spit. The rain continued the cover the land. The fire behind them flickered little by little. Rain water poured as it began to dry out the fires. Clare got into the boat as both pushed it into the cold lake water. Clare looked back at Ash and noticed his look. \"Ash? , come on you can't hate the water\" she said \"I'm sure you've never been attacked by a tree\" he said \"What?\" she asked \"Have you seen JAWS? Or Lake Placid?\" he asked \"What?!, are you-\" \"Never mind, of course you never see that\" he said Ash got into the boat and sat in the middle as Clare started the rusty engine. Its gears spinned within it as it rushed with such force. The boat began to move. Ash held onto his weapon tightly. Ash looked to his left then to the right. The boat ran through the lake water. Heading towards the center of the lake Ash closed his eyes. Clare noticed his reaction to all this. \"What's it like? Being away from the city?\" asked Clare \"Less noisy, less problems, and more loneliness if you stay home alone\" he said \"Have you been in the city? \"asked Ash looking back at her \"No, I never have been I lived within the country side of the towns, my family is religious\" she said The engine stopped. The boat floated calmly within the center of the massive lake. Clare cursed as she quickly tried to locate the main problem. Ash felt the boat move more to the left. \"Oh crap\"he said\" \"Hold on!? This thing's jammed-\" \"Clare, it's not that thing\" said Ash \"How? Why wouldn't it be this?\" she asked puzzled looking back at him Slowly within seconds of that single question the boat was slightly struck from below Ash aimed to the right noticing the movements within the massive lake coming from their boat. \"I knew it a big ass fish coming to get me, oh sure Ash help her…arhghg….mother Fu-…..get 2 years back…\"muttered Ash A large moan came from behind as Ash looked back and saw it.A massive organic creature. Its tentacles rose from the blackened water slamming into the boat. Ash flew up into the air and screamed aloud. Clare held onto the edge of the small boat and screamed aloud for Ash. Dropping like a rock into the water the massive organic human tentacle wrapped itself around his right foot and dragged him down. His hands desperately reaching out towards the surface. Ash took a deep breath and was pulled hard. Looking down into the deep blackened water he could see nothing then reaching into this back pocket he grabbed ahold of a flare gun and fired down below. The sight was unbelievable even towards him. Seeing witches, demons, beasts, Maulers, and even zombies. Yet now he wasn't even ready to take this on. Ash screamed under water as his air bubbles floated to the surface popping out towards Clare. The massive beast was the size of a killer whale. Its top fin was the back spine of a human. Its face was in the shape of a fat figure. Its arms were open. Its fingers were pure bone. Its grey skin had deep holes dug into them. The tentacles came out from the lower belly and above its arm like fins.4 Tentacles in total. Its head was looking almost similar to a massively merged piranha and killer whale face. Its eyes were solid black. It smiled towards him as it swam opening its sharpened jaw. Ash quickly thought within that instant and grabbed ahold of his M-16 firing directly towards the beast. His bullets pierced through its skin as black ink of blood gushed out. Ash stopped firing as it backed away he quickly grabbed ahold of his hunting knife in his right foot and slashed off the wrapped tentacle. Quickly noticing the beast swim away he swam up. Clare desperately looked around for him as he popped out gasping for air. Yet Ash looked to his left noticing Clare floating closer to the other side. \"Clare! Do you see it?!\"he yelled \"It's coming behind you!\"she yelled Ash looked back and noticed its spine sticking out of the water. \"Fuck me, why, why, why…..Clare! Get to shore now!\"he yelled Clare jumped into the water and swam quickly Ash looked back towards it and reached for his chainsaw. Placing his M-16 on his back. He gripped his chainsaw in both hands as its engine stalled the first time. \"Seriously?! Come on baby\" he said gritting his teeth The beast swam quickly shooting out is other 3 tentacles towards him. Now it was only 10 feet away from Ash. Lifting up his chainsaw he began to slowly sink into the water even more. Ash held his breath again. His hands finally got the chainsaw running as it roared to life through the heavy ever growing cold rain. Ash kicked and kicked to stay on the surface of the water. He stared angered towards the face as its mouth opened towards Ash ready to chow him down. \"FUCK YOU!FRAKENFISH!\"he yelled His chainsaw along with its face collided together as its face was being severed, shredded skin flew towards Ash's face. Ash yelled as its body slammed into him and both sank below. Its tentacles moved wildly in the water trying to free itself before dying. It growled in agony and pain. Its voice echoed through the blackening water. Ash had enough as he kicked its head and swam up to the surface holding his chainsaw in his right hand. Clare had reached the rocky shore as she gasped for air slowly dropping to her knees. She felt tired from swimming. The rain didn't help at all as it dropped like tons of rock onto her shoulders and back. Ash walked passed Clare dropping his chainsaw and falling onto the ground on his knees then on his back. Taking in the moment of fresh land. He breathed in and out like never before. \"Biggest…Biggest…Frankenstein Fish I ever caught, and this is the first…I-I Assure you\" said Ash Clare looked at him. She slightly thought of what was next. \"Clare-Clare…let's take a minute\" he said \"We can't….we gotta keep going Ash\" she said \"I know….what an ugly mother fucker\"said Ash as he got back up[Chapter 7] Chapter 7 Silent Comedy The woods covered the rain little by little as it continued to drop. The cold night had continued through. Ash gripped his assault rifle. Clare followed behind him as he decided to take point. Clare looked back behind them noticing if any more undead were coming. She could see nothing beyond the lake and the large cabin smoke. Clare breathed in calmly thinking of what they have to face when they get to the cabin she and her friends had gone to. Ash's heart still pumped quickly after his experience earlier. He never thought they would be able to adapt like that. \"Ash, I have to tell you about what we have to kill to stop this madness\" she said \"I'm all ears Clare\" he said \"It's a demon Lord out of the 3 that were resurrected \"she said \"3 Bitches then got it, anything else before we reach kingdom come\" he asked \"Yes just exactly like that, the 3 once were my friends but now they're gone\" she said \"This EVIL is one bad hand\" he said Sounds of running and hissing sounded off as Ash stared with one eyebrow up. Clare looked behind them. She gripped her weapon tightly. The rain continued dropping through the leaves and slamming into the dirt ground felt muddy, making it hard to run for them. Ash hated the fact that he could barely see anything at all in this night. Ash and Clare had walked 50 feet into the woods as they could see small bits of moonlight within its everlasting darkness. Ash stood up from a sneaking armed position and reached into his ammo belt. Clare stood beside him. Ash grabbed ahold of a green flare and pooped it as its green shine sparked alive. Within that instant a grotesque faceless beast stared straight into the eyes of Ash as he screamed frightened by its appearance. It grabbed Ash's head and tossed him farther into the ground ahead of them. Clare fired her M-16 into its deformed womanly chest. It dropped and died as it let out a small shriek. \"ASH!\"she yelled Ash grunted as he felt pain running through his back. \"Damn it!, damn bastards love spooking\" he said as he sat back up Ash looked forward noticing the sounds of hissing growing around them. \"Ah…crap\"he said Ash quickly stood back up and noticing his small green flare 10 feet ahead of him. He smiled noticing his M-16 assault rifle beside stopped looking back he could see within the shadows. His green flare showed the signs of thin bodies made no sounds, their thin bodies were missing meat and skin. Organs slightly hanged from their bellies. Ash made a \"what the fuck? Face\" as he witnessed finger nails were mouths dripped with eyes were gone. They had adapted to the sounds within the darkening spines clothes were torn and dangled in and out of their bodies. They had lost the very long hair on their heads. They had massive balding. They were known as \"Shrieks\". \"I hope I don't end up like that \"he said Ash grabbed his SMG around his ankle and took aim with one hand out. Clare looked behind her hearing another hissing sound. Quickly aiming behind her she caught in mid jump a shriek. She fired her weapon head on. Ash fired his as his green flare died. Ash gritted his teeth. Clare looked back into the darkened woods seeing the flare of gunfire. \"ASH! RUN!\"she yelled as she looked left then right \"COME ON! YOU BASTARDS!\"he yelled Clare stood within the light of the shining moon. Yet it began to slowly cloud itself over the massive dark clouds high above. Clare looked up and noticed this. \"Shit!\"she said Clare noticed a small dangling light coming from ahead of her. \"ASH! My sisters light!\"she yelled Sounds of a revving chainsaw continued through her echoing voice. The sounds teared through running screaming flesh. Ash yelled at the top of his lungs as he fought within the dark. \"ASH!\"she continued \"I'M A LITTLE BUSY AT THE MOMENT!\"he yelled Clare ran forward even without being able to see. She fired her rifle forward believing she was hitting against the invading Shrieks. As she did Ash moved his chainsaw revving blindingly in the darkness as he heard more and more shrieks coming. \"Ash I'm coming!\"she yelled Ash looked towards the sound of the voice and threw the glowing necklace around his wrist towards her voice. Catching the necklace in time she dropped her weapon. A Shriek then tackled her within catching the lit necklace. Both fell and rolled down a hill. Clare grunted and screamed in pain as she collided into a tree. Her back slammed hard into it as she screamed in pain. Ash looked around. \"Clare!\"he yelled Clare held the glowing necklace as a Shriek got in close towards her. The Shrieks hand was reaching out as Clare lifted the necklace and turned its thin boney arm into ashes. It screamed and ran away back into the top of the tree's. Ash's chainsaw died off as the sounds faded away. Holding his chainsaw in his right hand Ash closely tried to look around but he could see nothing still. \"Fucking bitches, I swear this isn't getting any easier\" he said Ash held his half ended SMG in his left hand. Looking to his left then right he saw nothing. \"CLARE?!\"he yelled once more \"Over here!\"she yelled Ash could see the dimming light Ash placed his chainsaw on his back and reloaded his towards the light he noticed Clare getting back up. Ash slid down the small hill and met back with her. \"You alright?\"he asked \"So far so good, just a small drop\" she said Ash smiled towards her as both stared at each other within the lit blue light glowing. \"Sweet, how much farther now?\" he asked as he walked passed her Clare looked down then turned around to see the back of Ash. She wasn't tall or too short. She was about the height of his shoulders. \"We need to get passed the trees and follow the dirt trail up, and were there \"she said \"Does your sister's light run out?\" he asked \"No as long as you have belief in God, and as long as you don't fall to the EVIL DEAD then it will stay on\" she said \"Oh good no worries then, let's get there before more of those things come back\" he said[Chapter 8] Chapter 8 Night to remember Ash stared breathing slowly seeing the long trial of a dirt path as they both stood side by side. Ash held onto his SMG in his left hand. His right hand was open. Small drips of blood dripped off his fingers and onto the dirt ground. Clare stood beside him her wounds bandaged and dirty. Both of them were mangled and torn from clothing yet willing to finish what they must do. Clare noticed the fresh breeze blowing through the trail and leaves fluttered into them. Both walked forward taking caution of their surroundings they both looked in both sides and front. \"It's too quiet\" said Ash Within seconds of that. The tall trees around them shot out branches and vines. Ash and Clare both ran forward until one of the branches grabbed ahold of Clare's left ankle dropping her onto the ground. Ash looked back stomping the branch as it cried. Clare reached out to Ash as he helped her up. Within that moment Ash was then wrapped around his waist by a vine from behind. \"AHHHHH!\"yelled Ash \"ASH! I'm COMING!\"she yelled \"GO! GO ! GET OUT OF HERE!I'LL CATCH UP!\"he yelled Clare cursed and ran onward avoiding the slamming downward branches. The trees moved reaching out to grab ahold of her. She gritted her teeth avoiding them. Clare had dropped her main weapon and quickly pulled out her pump action shotgun. Clare fired to her left then to her right. The heated shells dropped steaming onto the cold dirt ground. Ash screamed as the branches wrapped themselves around his body. Squeezing the very life out of him little by little. Ash gritted his teeth tightly. Looking up then down he noticed how high they pulled him. Within moments a Ash was facing a massive wooden face of a tree. Its red eyes glowed in rage. Its mouth snapped tree bark to opened widely. Within seconds the evil looking tree laughed aloud. Its 4 mixed voices sounded horrible. Ash was quickly \"branch slapped\". Ash's face went left then right. He grunted in pain as rapid flying branches bended and slapped Ash across his cheeks. Both cheeks turned quickly red then purple. Lastly they began to slowly burst with small bits of dripping blood. Ash forced his hands out and as he did he quickly grabbed ahold of his chainsaw and turned it on. \"RAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!\"he yelled Lifting it over his head he stabbed it directly into its face between its eyes as it bled out black blood. It screamed with 4 different voices put together. Its eyes looked up then stared angered towards Ash. His mighty chainsaw ripped through its hardened wood. Chunks flew passed Ash as he squinted his eyes. Its vines let their grip loose. Ash dropped 10 feet towards the dirt ground. He cursed and groaned aloud as he fell on his back. His chainsaw dropped beside him. Ash opened his eyes and moved to his left avoiding the massive chunks of falling barks and black blood. Ash looked up as he stood on one knee taking in deep breaths. His eyes stared looking around where he was brought to. He only guessed farther away from the cabin. His mind thought of Clare and how she was doing. Ash grabbed ahold of his chainsaw and held it in both hands. Looking forward he could see small bits of the raining moon light. His mind thought of those hissing Shrieks. Ash swallowed his spit hard. The cold rain continued through dropping lightly through this deep environment of the woods. Ash ran forward taking his chances. Clare stopped running as she noticed the glowing red blood veins formed around the end of the dirt trail. She noticed the red blood veins blocking the end of the dirt trail. Formed into a shape of many \"X\"'s as if it was a door or gate. Slowly taking calm breaths she looked back for Ash. Yet nothing besides the heavy wind and rain. She gulped down her saliva calmly thinking of what to do next. Yet she didn't remember leaving this area with this being here. Clare fired her shotgun straight through. The blood veins screamed in pain. Clare gasped hearing them. She lowered her shotgun shocked at the sight. As the blood veins dropped dangling lifelessly. She stared at the rain that dropped in front of her. Yet it was only knew this was blood. Looking back she could see regular cold rain falling behind her. Then looking forward she could see red warm blood dropping from the sky in front of her. Clare walked forward into the hot blood rain. She stared noticing the cabin. Its wooded figure was ruined. Windows shattered. The 3 parked cars were moved.2 of them were wrecked. The last one was down the road. She noticed the door closed shut as she stared. She looked around the ground seeing the many dead bodies of the victims. Scattered all across they were. None were moving all lifeless. She didn't even gasp. She held on knowing she must do this. Clare gripped her pump action shotgun and clucked heated shell dropped onto the ground. She took one step forward within the moment. The surrounding dead jumped up running towards her. She panicked firing desperately around her. Shell after shell then click. She swung the weapon back and forth hitting a couple of them head on. They snarled with their rotting mouths. They growled and clawed at her. The surrounding number of quickly reached for her SMG but was grabbed ahold of. Clare grunted as they grabbed ahold of her body and tried lifting her up over their heads. Bullets pierced through their skulls. She was dropped back onto the bloody ground as she covered her head with her came from the left as Ash ran forward firing his dual barretas. Both fired at the same time. Ash ran as fast as he could through the bloody rain. The horde jumped towards him desperately trying to kill Ash in one go. Yet his pistols overcame them with accuracy. Ash stopped running and helped Clare back up as he reloaded one of his dual barretas. Both stood tried out facing each other as Ash handed her the fully reloaded barreta. \"Thanks, I thought you were a goner\" she said looking up at him \"You can't kill the king baby \"he said \"Well, maybe slapped around a little might do the trick\" he said[Chapter 9] Chapter 9 Facing Witch Within that moment Clare noticed to her left side of her eyes sight. She pushed Ash back as a ruined 2 door convertible car flew in between them. Clare fell onto the ground. Ash fell on his back. Both heard a very loud disturbing ruined car smashed straight into an Evil Tree's face behind them. Ash looked to his right noticing the beast as its thin body walked out of the ruined cabin. The door swung open then closed on and off it went behind the being. Clare glared at it knowing this was her female friend named \"Michelle\" or what used to be her. The thin body was covered in black smears of blood along with red blood. Her hair was long and ruined. Her glowing yellow eyes glowed within the red rain as she slowly walked out. Her dress was torn parts of her belly button could be seen. He chest slightly exposed. Her hands were long extensions. Both hands were long and pointy black sharp length was as long as a pencil. Clare fired the barreta towards her head on as she crawled away from her. The being was known as \"Raven Lord\". Ash got back up and charged forward with his revved up chainsaw as he yelled. Raven lord looked towards him and moved back as his chainsaw slammed downward into the ground. Ash looked up shocked towards her as she yelled and slashed his chest. Ash yelled out loud and dropped to one knee. Clare got back up, firing all 15 bullets straight into her spinney back. It yelled in pain and grabbed ahold of Ash as he grunted her sharp fingers sliced little through his skin around his neck. Ash struggled as she threw him into the cabin door. The cabin door shattered into shards of wood chunks. Ash dropped onto the wooden floor hard dust covered the air. Ash coughed aloud. \"Good God!\"he yelled Clare threw the pistol at Raven Lord. The barreta flew towards her chest as it slammed into it did nothing Raven walked towards her and kept going. \"CLARE….JOIN US!\"it said in mixed voices of 3 people \"NO!\"she yelled back at her Clare ran back then stopped noticing the branches moving around the dirt path behind her. \"Shit!\"she said Ash sat up coughing. His black hair was all ruined and uncombed. He sneezed. \"Great now I'm getting a cold,fucking hell\" he said Ash suddenly turned to look towards the doorway a dropped yet bloody double barrel shotgun. Ash smiled and quickly got up. Clare was grabbed ahold of as she kicked and fought. Raven tossed her farther into the ground and screamed into her face. Clare tried to slap and choke her but it was no use. Raven stomped her into her chest. Then raised her left arm up as her nails shined within the stared deadly into them then towards Raven's glowing angered demonic eyes. \"DIE THEN….WHAT WILL YOUR GOD DO NOW!\"it said laughing aloud \"YO! SHE BITCH\"yelled Ash Raven stopped and looked forward at Ash smiling holding the loaded double barrel shotgun. It was aimed directly towards her head as she stared shocked. She let one growl out as Ash fired 's head exploded into pieces shattering all over Clare and the ground. Clare had blocked chunks of brain splatter with her hands. The blood rain had stopped. Regular rain began to pour over them. The blood dried up all around them vanishing away. Ash rushed over and held his double barrel shotgun in his right hand. Helping her up she stood calmly. Ash looked up and Clare did the same. Ash walked to his right straight towards his chainsaw. \"Why? Why aren't the clouds leaving along with the rain stopping?\" she asked \"You said there were 3 right?\" he asked while gripping his chainsaw \"Yes, 3 but they were all together in Michelle the one we just killed weren't they?!\"she said puzzled \"Don't think it went like that\" said Ash as he placed his chainsaw on his back and held onto the double barrel shotgun \"Then that means….\"she said shocked \"The other 2 went back to town\" said Ash walking towards her \"We gotta hurry my sister is in trouble\" said Clare Ash reloaded his double barrel shotgun and looked forward staring into the night rain. EVIL DEAD 4 ","Summary":" Chapter 1 Nightmare Heavy fog of massive smoke surrounded itself around a lost soul. Yet this lost "},{"Movie":"Grease","Title":"You're the one that I want","Author":"greasergirl20","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12721870","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: Hey guys, this is my first story, I hope you enjoy this. This story will be from Sandy's POV, I love Grease; it is my all-time favourite movie musical. I will post again when I can. Reviews welcome, Greasergirl20 x You're the one that I want ch1 – The beach My parents and I decided that a vacation is what we needed, so we booked the flights, packed our bags and left our hometown for some fun. We have been vacationing here in Los Angeles for the past three days; today we decided to do our own thing. I was going to the beach and my parents were going to do some shopping. I found the sign that pointed to the beach and made my way down, once there I placed my towel on the sand and sat down. I love the beach and the sun; my name is Sandy Olsen, I'm from Australia and this is my story. I looked around the beach and it was picture perfect, the sound of the waves crashing off the rocks, the sound of the children running around playing in the water and a dark haired boy standing in the water letting the wave's crash around him. I kept my eyes on him as he talked to an older gentleman. He had his back to me so I couldn't see his face, I watched him until he left. He walked past me, but I kept my head down and read my book. I turned around as soon as he was a safe distance away. I stayed at the beach for a while until it began to get dark. I made my way back to the hotel my parents and I were staying in. I let myself into the room, I noticed my parents as soon as I walked in, my father smiled at me \"Did you have a good time at the beach dear?\" I nodded \"Yes daddy, I did; it was perfect, I might go back tomorrow if that is alright with you and mother of course\" he nodded \"We don't expect you to spend your vacation with us the whole time we are here, so yes you may go to the beach tomorrow\" I smiled and hugged him, you never know I might see that boy again. After lunch the next day, I made my way down to the beach and sat down in the same spot I sat in yesterday; I read for as long as I could, as the water looked perfect and I really wanted to go in, so I did completely forgetting about haven eaten not long before. I got so lost in the sound of the waves and the colour of the water that I got distracted. I made my way to the water, I knew I should have waited when I got this awful cramp; I nearly went under the water, when I heard a voice. I was pulled out and placed onto the sand, I coughed and sat up; the dark haired boy from yesterday was kneeling over me. I looked away in absolute embarrassment. He chuckled softly and helped me up, I smiled in thanks. I decided to introduce myself \"My name is Sandy… Sandy Olsen\" he smiled \"My name is Danny as in Danny Zuko\" I giggled, I then went on to explain what had happened \"I don't normally swim after I've eaten, I usually wait you know\" he nodded \"We're only human, and this beach is amazing, so it is no wonder you got impatient\" I giggled and blushed. We talked for what seemed like hours. It started to get dark so Danny offered to walk me back to my hotel. I accepted the offer and we talked on the way back to the hotel. We stood outside and we agreed to meet up again tomorrow at the beach around half past one, before he left he gave me his number \"In case you ever wanna talk\" I nodded and kissed him on the cheek. He wished me goodnight and left. I made my way back to the room, my mother asked \"Who was that boy?\" I smiled \"I met him at the beach mother\" she smiled \"Ah, well it was nice of him to walk you back here, wasn't it James?\" my father spoke \"Yes it was dear, Sandy darling did you have a good time with… what's his name?\" I smiled at my father \"Danny\" he looked at me \"So when are we going to meet Danny?\" I shook my head \"Whenever you want to daddy\" he nodded \"Is it ok if we meet him tomorrow?\" I nodded. I decided to call Danny. His mother answered, I introduced myself, she replied \"Ah so your Sandy, my son wouldn't stop talking about you when he came home this evening, I'll get him for you now dear\" I thanked her, I could hear Danny ask who it was and he was told it was me, I giggled. He picked up the phone \"Hey baby, I didn't think I would hear from you tonight, what's goin' on?\" I explained that my parents wanted to meet him, he agreed \"I'll be over at 1pm and I'll meet your parents and then we can head to the beach\" I agreed and we hung up. I just hope my parents like him.[Chapter 2] You're the one that I want ch2 – Introductions The next morning I woke up before my parents; I was nervous, I have never had a boyfriend or even invited a boy back to my house, I know it's silly but I can't help but wonder if this is all too good to be true. I stayed in bed for a while and read my book. I was reading for about half an hour when my parents got up. I looked at them \"Good morning, did you sleep well?\" my father nodded \"Yes, thank you dear\" I smiled \"Are you ready for today daddy?\" he nodded \"Yes, I cannot wait to meet this boy\" my mother looked at me \"Are you ready for today dear?\" I shook my head, my mother sat up and came to sit beside me \"You have nothing to worry about, I was nervous to bring your father home for the first time too\". I hugged my mother \"How did my grandfather take it?\" my mother laughed \"Your grandfather looked at your father, and your father nearly fainted\" I giggled \"So daddy was afraid to meet your father?\" my mother nodded. My father laughed too \"Well what can I say? The man scared me\" we all laughed and got ready for breakfast. I kept watching the clock after breakfast was over. I kept my eye on the time, I looked at it and it was twenty minutes to one. I had twenty minutes until Danny showed up. I looked at my mother, she smiled softly at me \"Don't panic dear, everything will be fine\" I nodded. I decided to pack my bag for the beach as I thought that would help me relax. I checked the clock again Danny would be here any minute now. We made our way out of our room and down to the lobby. We all sat down at the small table in the hotel lobby, I had my back to the entrance of the hotel, and my parents were sitting facing it. I was lost in my own world until I heard my father clear his throat; I looked up, my mother inclined her head slightly to the side, I looked around and Danny was making his way towards our table. I blushed slightly and my father chuckled under his breath. I stood up and fixed my dress; Danny smiled and hugged me, I hugged him back and then I turned around to my parents \"Mother, Father this is Danny\" my parents looked at him, my father stood up \"Nice to meet you, have a seat son\" I took a breath to relax, I looked at my mother who smiled at me, Danny sat down and then it began. My father took a breath \"Tell me something about yourself son\" I looked at Danny and nodded, he replied \"Well sir this not much to tell, I've lived here all my life, my father runs a garage and my mother is a housewife\" my father nodded \"Well that is very interesting, so what are your plans for after you graduate?\" I looked at my mother and she nodded at me, Danny continued \"I have a few options sir, I will probably help my father for a while and then I will probably find a good job\" my father nodded again. I looked at my father who smiled at me \"One last question son, what are your intentions with my daughter?\" my eyes went wide with fear, but I decided to keep quiet I looked at Danny who then looked at my father \"Sir, I like your daughter very much she is a very sweet girl, and I would do nothing to hurt her\" my father nodded \"Well you two have my permission to spend the rest our time here together\". I smiled at my father \"Thank you daddy\" he nodded \"Off you go, have a great time\" my mother whispered something into my ear before we left, I nodded. I met Danny at the reception desk and we made our way to the beach. We talked for a while; I looked at Danny \"I have to admit I was nervous\" he looked at me \"Why?\" I shook my head, not wanting to explain the fact that I had never had a boy come to meet my parents or that I had never had a boyfriend before. He nodded understanding I didn't want to talk about it. The days came and went until it was time for me to leave. We said our goodbyes and he walked me back to the hotel so I could pack my bags. I kissed him on the cheek \"I am going to miss you Danny\" he nodded \"I'll miss you too\" I went inside and made my way to my hotel room. When I got there my parents told me they had some news, my father explained \"Sandy dear, we are going to be staying here permanently, I got offered a job to work here, isn't that good news\" I nodded not knowing what to say I would miss Australia. I guess I better say something \"Where are we going to live?\" my mother spoke up \"We bought a house this afternoon once your father found out, and our new neighbours have a daughter who is your age, and their daughter offered to walk with you to school tomorrow morning\" I nodded getting excited. This means that I might see Danny again someday. How wonderful I looked at my parents \"Let's go move into our new house\"[Chapter 3] You're the one that I want ch3 – New school Today was my first day of going to a new school; my mother reassured me that everything was going to be great, I had met our new neighbours the day before, their daughter seemed nice, she had offered to walk to the school with me. When I made my way down to the kitchen I tried my best to act like I wasn't missing home, but unfortunately it wasn't working. My mother caught on to my facial expression and told me it was nothing to be worried about that I would be fine. The one thing that had kept me going was that in a few hours I would be back home and I could put today behind me and I wouldn't be the new girl after today. I met Frenchy outside and we walked to school, she kept me preoccupied by telling me the names of the teachers and she reassured me that everything was going to be fine. We got to the school and I panicked a little; it was nothing like I was used to back home, I turned and looked at Frenchy, she smiled. \"So this is Rydell?\" She nodded \"Yep, you'll love it\" I took a breath. \"I loved the last school I was at; I wish I was there now, but still I'm no stranger to heartbreak\" Frenchy replied \"Why? You got psoriasis?\" I looked perplexed. We entered the school, I explained that I needed to go to registration; Frenchy directed me to where I needed to go, I thanked her and she left. I found the registration desk and I then found myself looking for someone to ask what I needed to do. A well-dressed lady who I assumed was the principal welcomed me to the school and explained I needed to fill in a few forms. I went to ask a question when she was distracted by a fight in the hallway, I peered over the desk looking for a pen or a pencil to fill in the forms, another woman appeared; I asked for a pencil and she produced a small one from behind her ear. I was filling in the forms when teachers began to appear and make small talk, the school nurse explained that her castor oil had gone missing, the teacher who was stood beside me asked how many days there were until Christmas vacation I looked up from my forms. I replied \"86, I'm counting\" she groaned. I finished the forms, handed them to the woman behind the desk, I was given a schedule and I made my way to my homeroom. I ran as fast as I could, I finally found the room I was supposed to go to, I opened the door; the teacher looked less than impressed. I spotted Frenchy who motioned to the note I had been handed at registration explaining that I was new here. I handed it to the teacher who pointed to the seat I had been assigned to. The rest of the morning went fine; I was had most of my classes with Frenchy so at least I knew someone which was good. At lunch Frenchy took me to the cafeteria, we got our food and made our way outside. We headed to this table were two girls were sitting, they must have known her as they called her name. She introduced them as Jan, Marty and Rizzo; she then explained I was from Sydney, Australia which got a response from Rizzo. Jan asked me how I liked the school so far I replied saying it was different. I sat eating lunch while the girls caught up with each other. I wasn't paying attention as another girl appeared and introduced herself to me I knew from the groan that the other girls knew her. We got talking and we had been looking at my schedule when we heard Marty exclaim that one of the diamonds from her glasses fell into her tray. Everything went quickly, once I had explained what I did over the summer, the bell signalled it was time to head back to class, I was asked to tell the girls the name of the boy I had met during the summer, when I revealed it was Danny Zuko they all went quiet. Rizzo told me that maybe prince charming will show up again someday, somewhere unexpected. I looked at Frenchy who nodded and told me we needed to get back to class. I wonder if I will see Danny again someday. I guess I will have to wait and see.[Chapter 4] You're the one that I want chapter 4 - Pep Rally After school, I met Patty and she explained that I was going to be one of the cheerleaders, I didn't have any experience but I was going to do my best. She told me that everything would be fine, I believed her. I got my uniform and headed home, my mother was proud as I had made new friends and I was on the cheerleading team; I had to be at the school at 8pm. At around 7:30 my father took me to the school and I made my way into the school. To say I was nervous wouldn't even begin to describe how I was feeling. I met the other cheerleaders inside the school and we made our way to the bonfire; I don't know how I managed to be placed on the squad but I like a challenge. Patty looked at me \"Are you ready Sandy?\" I nodded \"Yes\" We walked to stand in front of the stage where the teachers were sitting, the band started playing, I knew this was it, I had to be ready to cheer. \"Do a split, Give a yell, Give a cheer for our Rydell, Way to go, Way to fight... Go Rydell Fight Fight Fight\" I was terrible, I knew I couldn't do the splits or a cartwheel, but I gave it my best. We sat down while the coach gave his speech, he explained that we had a banner year coming up but his boys where primed because he primed them. I caught the eye of one of the players, he looked pretty cute; we talked to each other and I knew that I would never see Danny again so why shouldn't I give this guy a try. The coach had finished and we had to get up and cheer again, I spotted Frenchy. She thought I was great, she used a word that I didn't know I knew I looked confused, my skirt was lifted up by someone but Frenchy sent them away by flicking y hair. They left and then I spotted Rizzo and the other girls. Rizzo explained she had a surprise for me. Jan linked arms with me as we followed Rizzo, Frenchy asked if I wanted a little lipstick, I didn't understand what was going on but I didn't expect anything bad to happen. The other girls gathered around me so I couldn't see who Rizzo was talking to. At first I didn't recognise the voice but as soon as I was thrown forward by the girls I knew; it was Danny, I didn't think I would see him again. This was strange, I wonder if that's why I was brought back here? Anyway it didn't matter I got to see Danny again. He looked at me \"Sandy?\" I looked stunned \"Danny!\" He looked at me in shock \"What are you doing here, I thought you were going back to Australia?\" I smiled \"We had a change of plans\". That's when his friends came over and looked at me and then he changed \"Well that's cool baby, ya know how it is rockin and rolling and what not\" I looked confused. \"Danny?\" He looked at me \"That's my name don't wear it out\" \"What's the matter with you? He looked at me this wasn't the Danny I met during the summer. He stood there acting like he didn't care \"What's the matter with me baby? What's the matter with you?\". I began to get upset \"What happened to the Danny Zuko I met at the beach?\" He laughed \"I don't know, maybe there's two of us, why don't you take out a missing persons ad or check the yellow pages I don't know\" I got angry \"You're a fake and phony and I wish I never laid my eyes on you\". I threw my Pom poms at him and ran away, I couldn't believe this, what did I do to deserve this, maybe I will give Tom a chance, he's probably much better than Danny. Frenchy followed me and comforted me, she told me that men are rats, or even worse they are aoemebas on fleas on rats that they were too low even for dogs to bite and that I could only depend on my daddy. She invited me to her sleepover with the girls, I thought it would be nice since my heart was breaking, I needed to be with my friend and her friends, we left the school and I went home, I didn't tell my parents what happened but I told them about the sleepover. They where happy enough to let me go since it was a Friday night and it was only next door, one thing I did know was that on Monday I was going to talk to Tom and take him up on his offer of going on a date. I need someone who is going to treat me right. I honestly thought that it would've been Danny who would have treated me right, he was different when we met but now he is a jerk and I hope I don't see him again; well I might but hopefully I won't. You never know what will happen.[Chapter 5] You're the one that I want ch 5 - Sleepover After the Pep Rally we all headed home, Frenchy told me to come over at 9:30 pm; all I had to do was bring my clothes and a tooth brush. I hope this sleepover means that they will except me one day. I told my parents I was leaving, my mother told me to have a good time and to enjoy myself; I made my way to Frenchy's house, I knocked on the door, her mother explained I was the first one to arrive, she directed me to Frenchy's room. I made my way up to her bedroom; she smiled when she seen me \"Sandy, I'm glad you're here\" I smiled \"Thanks for inviting me\". We talked until Jan and Marty showed up, Marty explained that Rizzo was going to be a bit late; they both smiled at me, Jan looked at me \"Hey Sandy, are you ready for your first sleepover?\" I nodded. Rizzo showed up about half an hour after Marty and Jan; that's when things got started, Frenchy directed me to a chair and offered to paint my toe nails, Jan put the Television on, and Marty and Rizzo sat on the bed talking and laughing. Rizzo asked for a cigarette, she offered it to me, this must have been the first test to be a pink lady. I took the cigarette and inhaled, I coughed as it burned my throat, the girls looked horrified, Frenchy decided to teach me how the French inhale, she told me that's how she got the nickname of Frenchy. Jan turned the volume up on the Television when a toothpaste jingle came on; she sang with it, doing the actions; she seemed to be enjoying herself. Rizzo and Marty threw stuffed animals at Jan who stopped singing and she threw one of the stuffed animals at Rizzo. Rizzo announced that she had wine, she looked at Jan who was mesmerised by the bottle, the girls laughed about it until Rizzo suggested I try it, I was hesitant at first but I decided to try it. It wasn't bad, but I didn't enjoy it either; Frenchy asked if she could pierce my ears, I didn't want to as my father wouldn't be to happy, Marty offered her, her virgin pin, I was reluctant but I went with it, she pricked my ear and I yelped. She told me that her mother would kill her if she got blood all over the carpet, that's when I panicked, Rizzo said \"Don't worry about it Sandy, if she screws up, she can always fix your hair so your ears don't show\". Frenchy groaned at that and took me into the bathroom, I was sick, once she pricked my ear again she left me and went to tell the girls, great this sleepover is not going as well as I had hoped. I could hear them talking about me. Frenchy grabbed my toothbrush, I cleaned out my mouth and took a few deep breathes, I could hear them talk about me, I decided to let them finish before I walked out. I stayed in the bathroom for a few minutes, only to walk out to see Rizzo wearing a blonde wig. \"You making fun of me Riz?\" She looked at me \"Some people are so touchy\". Everything went quiet, we were all sitting around until we heard a car pull up outside Frenchy's house. We all went to the window, it looked like Danny and his friends. One of them called out my name, I took a step back. Just when I thought this night couldn't get any worse, Rizzo went and got changed, she was going to leave, she told us \"I'm gonna get my kicks while I'm still young enough to get em\" and she left, going down the drain pipe. She left, the rest of us got on with the sleepover; Marty sat on the bed with a stationary set, Frenchy wassitting on the window seat while Jan sat on the floor getting her hair done. Marty was lying on the bed I sat down beside her. \"I don't know what I ever saw in Danny Zuko\" she looked at me \"Don't sweat it honey have one of mine\" I looked at her pictures \"There's so many of them\" she laughed \"I know\" I asked \"How do you keep up with all of them?\" She replied \"I'm a terrific pen pal, hopelessly devoted to each and every one\". I watched as Marty began to write, I figured I could do the same. I looked at her \"Could I have some of that?\" She smiled \"Sure\" I went to get up, she stopped me \"Wait\" she sprayed some perfume on the pages. I got up and went outside, I figured I could write down my feelings for Danny, I found myself singing about how I felt instead, it was like the words came to me quite easily. I went to the small pool on the front lawn and seen Danny's face staring back at me. I got the paper and swirled it around in the water, I made my way back into the house, I made my way back into the bedroom, the girls all looked at me, I gave Marty her spare pen back and she smiled at me. She is a very nice girl. We stayed up talking all nighit; Frenchy smiled at me \"I hope you've had a good night Sandy\" I nodded \"Yes I have, thanks for having me\". We all went to sleep, this was a good sleepover although I can't wait until Monday, I am going to find Tom and accept his offer, because I need to feel better and to be honest I have a feeling that he will make me forget all about Danny Zuko.[Chapter 6] AN: Sorry everyone, I know I havent posted in a while, the reason for this is that I have been ill. Thank you to those who have stuck with me up until now. I am eternally grateful for your support. Here it is chapter 6; this chapter will not follow the events from the film, it has its own plot. Spoiler: Sandy has to work with someone who she thought she would never spend a another minute with and she isn't too happy about it, but she deals with it. It is like the way we all would do if we had to work with someone who has hurt us. I have also based this on one of my own experiences. Hope you enjoy, greasergirl20 x You're the one that I want ch 6 - school days I have been enjoying my time here at Rydell so far. I've made a few friends, and I haven't been sitting with Frenchy and the girls recently; which is a good thing. My mother told me that I should stay with people like Patty and Tom. She said that they are good people, I couldn't agree more with her judgement. Patty and I have been going over a couple of routines just to freshen my memory. Also Tom said he was taking me to the local hang out spot for most of the schools seniors; he wants to take me there in a couple of days. The bell rang signalling time for class; I checked my schedule and I noticed I had a class with Danny. It was the first time it had happened so far. As the first few weeks had been dedicated to getting to know the school and new teachers and of course figuring out what we were all going to do at the end of the year once we graduated. I then remembered Frenchy told me that Danny would be in my English class a couple of days ago after the pep rally. I sighed and made my way to class. I walked in and spotted Danny sitting in the seat behind my assigned seat. I sighed internally; he had his head stuck in a magazine so he didn't notice me when I walked in. I sat down and took out my books. Mrs Anderson did the roll call. She called the names alphabetically, she got to my name and that's when I heard someone gulp loudly behind me. I knew it was Danny. I resisted in turning around and looking at him. She then called his name. He spoke up \"Here\". Mrs Anderson explained that we would be doing an assignment with a partner. She then explained that she had the names sorted and she would announce them after class. I just hoped that I wasn't partnered with Danny of all people. Mrs Anderson told us what we were going to do today. We were going to learn about Shakespeare. I loved Shakespeare; my favourite play was Mid Summers night dream. I find it very fasinating. She began to explain that Shakespeare wrote many plays and sonnets and that he was a very intelligent man. She then asked us what our favourite plays were. She asked us all one by one. Some of us mentioned Macbeth, Hamlet, Taming of the shrew, Romeo and Juliet and of course my favourite Mid Summers night dream. Danny was asked and he replied \"I don't know anything about Shakespeare\" some of the class laughed knowing that Danny wasn't exactly the learning type. I shook my head. We disccused Shakespeare until the end of class. Mrs Anderson explained that she was going to call out the names for the assignment. She called my name. I began an internal chant 'not Danny, not Danny' she looked at me \"Sandy, your partner will be Danny\" I sighed softly and nodded. I will just have to be ok with it. Danny looked at me and smiled. I nodded in acknowledgment. I knew this might happen. I'm not worried about it. I have my date with Tom to think about; that should help keep my mind off of what was going to happen. He opened his mouth to speak to me. I didn't give him the chance to talk; I just looked at him \"We are only going to discuss this assignment and nothing more ok?\" He nodded \"That's fine\" I left class and made my way to the next one. I had to tell someone about what had happened. I spotted Frenchy. I called her and she looked at me \"Hiya Sandy, what's up?\" I looked at her \"I got paired with Danny for an English assignment\" she looked at me. I could tell she wasn't expecting that to come out of my mouth. She looked at me again \"How did that happen?\" I explained \"Mrs Anderson you know the English teacher? Well she partnered the whole class alphabetically and I got stuck with Danny\" She nodded \"What you gonna so about it?\" I shook my head. I didn't know but I am sure I am going to figure it out. I smiled at her politely \"I'll figure something out\" she nodded. I went to my next class and it went by pretty slowly. I couldn't wait to get home and tell my parents. They didn't know about the pep rally thing with Danny, I didn't want to upset them and make them think that I wasn't doing ok in school. As far as they were concerned he was still that nice boy they met during the summer. So after school I rushed home and told them. I tried to hide the fact that I was annoyed about it. My mother looked at me \"Are you excited to be with Danny again?, I know you are seeing Tom but it will be nice to see Danny won't it?\" I nodded. I went to my room and lay down for a while. I had a feeling that Danny would probably use this opportunity to either win me back or use someone to get under my skin so I would come back to him in a state of jealousy. Well let me tell you Sandra Olsen does not get jealous. Let's just see what the next few days bring.[Chapter 7] AN: this chapter will follow the events from the previous one; it will also be based on some of my own experiences. I hope you enjoy it. greasergirl20 x You're the one that I want ch 7 - school days pt2 The next day I made my way to school; everything seemed fine. I got my schedule and read it. I had English after lunch again today. I sighed softly and made my way to home room. I couldn't shake the feeling that Danny was going to do something. I would not have put it past him to try something. I sat in home room beside Frenchy, I looked over my schedule and I noticed that I had cheerleading practice at lunch. Frenchy smiled at me \"Morning Sandy, what's on your schedule today?\" I looked at her and smiled \"I have English again today\" she looked at me with sympathy. I will just have to keep my head up and do the assignment. The bell rang signalling the end of home room; we all made our way to our first classes. I had biology. I made my way to the class when Danny stopped me in the hallway. I had to stop myself from getting annoyed. I smiled politely \"Hello Danny, can I help you with something?\" he looked at me \"Yeah, about this assignment; I'm sure you weren't expecting to be partnered with me on this\" I looked at him \"It's fine don't worry about it\" He nodded and thanked me; he left me in the hallway, I made my way to my class and took my seat. Mr Malloy called our names and then he explained today's topic. We would be learning about the development of natural formations. The class went by fast. Class was dismissed and I spotted Tom in the hallway; he greeted me and asked if I was excited about our date tomorrow, I nodded. I knew that I had made the right decision in taking Tom up on his offer. My parents both liked him and Tom respected my father. My next few classes went by slowly. Before I knew it, it was lunch time and I met Patty and the rest of the cheerleaders. We talked about doing a new routine. We spent lunch going over the routine until it was time to go back to class. I made my way to my English class. I made my way in and noticed that the seats had been joined together; this meant that I had to sit beside Danny for this lesson. I sat down and took out my books. Danny came in a few minutes later and sat down beside me; he smiled at me. I tried to ignore it as I didn't want to lead him on. I decided to smile back in order to be polite. Mrs Anderson explained that we would be starting our assignments today in class and then we would be doing some individual work at home using text books and library books to gather information. Our assignments were to be written about Shakespeare, we could do a five page essay on any Shakespeare play we wanted. I turned to Danny \"Any preferences?\" hs shook his head \"No not really, you can choose if you want?\" I nodded. We had to make notes in class and then expand on them at home. I had a feeling that I would probably have to do more of the work. As from what I have been told Danny doesn't like doing anything that doesn't involve cars, his hair or his looks. I didn't mind; the extra work would help keep me distracted from certain things. The lesson began. I opened the text book to the correct page. I chose A Mid Summers Night Dream. I began to write down key words that would help structure the sentences in the essay when I needed them. Danny asked what I was doing, I explained \"I am writing down key words that will help explain the essay better and that will make the key elements of the essay stand out which in turn will give us a good chance of getting a decent grade\" He nodded \"You're very smart Sandy, I wish I was nearly as smart as you are\" I smiled softly \"You are Danny, you just need a little encouragement that's all\" he nodded and he began taking notes. We worked quite well together. I was fairly certain that we would do good on this assignment. The rest of the class went by and then it was time to head to the next class. Danny thanked me for helping him in English and I smiled \"You're welcome\" I made my way to my next class. I know it might seem like Danny and I are flirting but we aren't. I am just being friendly and besides I am seeing Tom and although it is not serious I am not one to cheat. I don't believe in ruining a relationship for nothing. I just hope that Danny sees it that way too. As I don't want to give him the wrong impression. Besides it's just one class. Everything will go back to normal once this assignment is over tomorrow. I will never have to worry about working with Danny again. I just hope that tomorrow is a better day than today was.[Chapter 8] You're the one that I want ch 8 - first date dilemma This morning I was shocked when one of Danny's friends was waiting for me inside the school; he had Danny's part of our English essay. Danny never mentioned what happened at the pep rally at all during the time we have worked on this essay. Which means he is probably pretending that it never happened. He handed his part of the essay to me, I looked at it; I smiled. I then looked at him \"Thank you\" He smiled and left. I made my way to English class; I had a feeling this was going to be a long class. I got to my seat and got the essay out, I put the pages in order and made sure that there was nothing misspelled. This essay has been fun to do. I am a Shakespeare enthusiast; I find his work really interesting and I find it calming. There is nothing better than reading Shakespeare's finest work. Mrs Anderson addressed us \"Alright, can all of you place your essays at the top of the desk and I will collect them\" I set the essay on the desk in front of me. Mrs Anderson collected the essays and sat back down at her desk. The rest of the class went by quickly. I kept watching the clock; we had three more minutes left of the lesson. We were dismissed and I walked out to meet Tom. I assumed that Danny was with his friends; which would explain why his friend gave me his part of the essay this morning. I was so excited. My parents had never let me date anyone when we lived in Australia, and then I started seeing Danny; but we weren't actually dating so it didn't count. I was excited for my first date with Tom; I knew I had nothing to worry about. Tom met me at the front of the school. We walked back to my house. I told my parents that Tom was taking me to the Frosty Palace. My mother told us to have a good time, I nodded and smiled. Tom and I made our way down the street and to the Frosty Palace. We made our way to the back, to a table, when I sat down Tom placed his letterman sweater around my shoulders. We ordered our food. We must have been talking for a while. I heard shouting and I looked over, it was Danny with one of his friends. He looked at me; I could tell he was shocked to see me with Tom. I looked at Tom and smiled \"You want some new music\" he nodded \"I need some money\" he dug into his pocket and gave me the money. I made my way to the jukebox, I walked by Danny and his friends; one of them whistled. I continued walking towards the jukebox. I was looking at the different songs, I looked up when I heard Patty greet Danny. I didn't know what that was all about. I focused on the songs. He then came to talk to me. \"Hi Sandy\" I looked up \"Oh hi\" he looked at me \"How are ya?\" \"I'm fine thanks\" he nodded \"That's good\" he paused \"Listen Sandy, I've wanted to talk to you for a long time now\" I looked up \"Oh, what about?\" He continued \"About that night at the bonfire, the way I acted it was terrible, it wasn't me, it was me but it wasn't me, listen Sandy I've got this sort of image...\" I stopped him there \"That's why I'm so glad that Tom is such a simple person\" Danny interrupted me \"Yeah simples right; it's too bad his brains are in his biceps\" I looked at him astounded \"Jealous are you?\" He laughed \"Jealous? C'mon Sandy don't make me laugh\" he then laughed again. I questioned him \"What have you ever done?\" He replied \"Oh come on I could run circles around those jerks\" I almost scoffed at that \"I'll believe that when I see it\" I walked off and went back to sit with Tom. We stayed for a while; I couldn't believe that Danny tried to apologise. Tom walked me home; he asked me about Danny and how I knew him. I told him a few things; that we met during the summer, I thought I was going back home, I then enrolled at Rydell not knowing that he was there, then the night at the pep rally and seeing him and then him being a jerk and now this. When we got to my house, Tom walked me up to the door and then he kissed me on the cheek. I waved as he walked away. It was a good day apart from Danny coming over to talk to me. I just hope that tomorrow brings a better day.[Chapter 9] AN: Hey guys; sorry I haven't posted in a while; I've been going through some personal stuff, I really hope you enjoy this chapter, and I would also like to say thank you again for being so patient with me. Also Happy 40th anniversary Grease; you'll always be the word. After Mondays' fiasco with Danny at the diner and of course with Tom being the perfect gentleman I have been focusing on my school work and cheerleading practice. I have never felt so angry about anything, well that's not completely true. But still I have never been more annoyed with anyone than I have been with Danny. I checked my schedule and I was relieved that I didn't have English this morning; I walked into the school and made my way to my History class. When I got there I found my seat and took out my books. Mr Stevens explained that we would be focusing on the impact of War and what it does to civilisation in the countries that it impacts. The class went by rather quickly; once the bell signalled the end of class, I found Tom waiting for me outside; he had football training and he wanted me there to watch him. We made our way to the bleachers and we sat down, Tom looked at me and smiled. I smiled back at him and we talked for a while; we must have been talking for a good while as I spotted Danny running on the track; I looked confused, I mean what on earth is he trying to prove? Tom didn't look to impressed it almost seemed like he was jealous that Danny was trying to prove himself worthy of my affections. Danny kept looking back every time he jumped over a hurdle; he fell to the ground; my heart stopped slightly. I looked at Tom briefly and then ran over to check on Danny. I caught up with him; it was like he was trying to ignore me. \"Danny, are you alright?\" he wouldn't look at me \"Danny talk to me, the least you can do is talk to me after the way you treated me\" he turned at that. He looked stunned \"The way I treated...\" I giggled slightly \"Aha got you talking, are you sure you're ok?\". He nodded \"Yes, I'm fine\" he paused \"So still going out with that Jock Strap?\" I looked down \"Well...\" Danny looked at me \"Well is he taking you to the dance?\" I looked at him again \"Well that all depends ...\" Danny continued \"On what?\" I smiled \"On you\" he pointed to himself \"On me?\" I nodded. He looked at Tom \"He can stag it\" I looked behind me; I didn't want to upset Tom but I couldn't help myself Danny was being nice to me again and I wanted to give him another chance to prove himself. Danny waved at Tom; I think he was doing it to mock him or something. I pushed his hand down we both laughed, Danny put his arm around me and said \"Come on\" and with that we both left. We both changed back into our normal clothes and went to our classes; I was happy again, I mean I was happy with Tom, but Danny and I have this connection that I would probably never have with someone else. After school Danny took me home; he explained that he wanted to take me out later and he told me he would pick me up at 6pm. I was so excited that when I got into the house I told my mother. She smiled \"How was your day dear?\" I smiled \"Oh mother, I have something to tell you Danny and I made up, everything is ok now. He wants to take me out this evening\" my mother nodded, she explained that she would tell my father about my date. I rushed up to my room and did my homework; I know it was silly but I would have rather had my homework done before my date. After I completed it; I got dressed, I picked out my yellow dress with a white cardigan. It looked casual enough, I checked the time it was 5 minutes to 6. I walked down the stairs and into the living room; I spotted my father \"Daddy did mother tell you about my date?\" He nodded \"She did; I hope you have a nice time tonight dear\" I nodded and hugged him. At 6 the door bell rang; my father went to answer it, it was Danny, I couldn't contain my smile as my father spoke to him at the door, my mother ushered me out into the main hallway, I looked at my father and then at Danny. Danny smiled at me \"Hey Sandy, you ready to go?\" I nodded and hugged my parents before leaving. Danny opened the car door for me and then he got in. We drove around for a while, until we decided that it was time to get something to eat, we couldn't decide on anywhere so I suggested the Frosty Palace. Danny looked apprehensive about that, but I talked him round. When we got there we got out of the car and Danny paused when he looked inside, his friends were in there. He tried to talk me out of it. Eventually we went in. It all happened so fast, one minute we were alone and then the next his friends were sitting with us, it was slightly awkward, we talked and I asked Danny about coming to my house for tea and I could tell he wanted to say yes but his friends were all looking at him which put him off. We stayed for a while longer and by then most of his friends had left apart from Rizzo and Kenickie; we talked about the dance and said I was worried and Rizzo made a comment about inventing the Kangaroo Bop and then she laughed which then angered Kenickie. Danny looked at me, I could tell he wasn't too happy with the way I had been treated. He looked at me \"Let's get outta here Sandy\" I stood up and said goodbye to Frenchy. Danny and I left and we went somewhere else. We had a nice time together and I could tell that things were starting to look good again for us. I just hope that nothing else ruins it. Because I don't know if I'll be able to handle anything else being thrown our way to ruin what we have.[Chapter 10] AN: Hey guys I've been working on a novel, but don't worry this is my first priority. Are you all ready for going to the National Dance Off? Thanks for the patience, Greasergirl20 x After Danny asked me to go to the dance I panicked; I went home and told my mother and father, they both agreed to let me go as they wanted to give Danny another chance to prove himself worthy to not just me but my parents too. My mother bought me my dress for the dance; my father still wasn't sure about me going to the dance with Danny but I reassured him that I would be fine. There was nothing to worry about; other than the fact that I haven't got a clue how Americans dance. But I guess I'll learn as I go. My mother looked at me \"Sandy, you look beautiful, I just knew you would look beautiful in that dress\" I nodded and then I looked at my father. \"Daddy? What do you think?\" my father looked at me and smiled \"You look lovely; now listen to me when I tell you if Danny so much as disrespects you, or if he leaves you, you must leave immediately and don't look back\" I nodded \"Daddy, that won't happen I promise you nothing will happen; but if it does then I will leave and not look back\" He nodded and sat back in his chair; I was going to be fine right? Nothing was going to happen? Even if anything did happen it probably wouldn't be that bad. My parents and I sat on the couch waiting for Danny to pick me up; my nerves got worse by the second, what if I messed something up or what if I got really camera shy and I ran out. I hate cameras and I don't like being in photographs and I really don't like being in any family home movies. There was a knock at the door, my father got up and went to answer it. It was Danny, my mother got up and went to grab her camera; even though I had told her not to, she told me that she wanted to remember this night and even though they would be watching us on Television she wanted something to put into the family photo album. Danny came into the front room and held his hand out for me to take, I placed my hand in his and I stood up, my mother took our picture and wished us a good night. My father reminded Danny to have me back as soon as the dance ended. He nodded in agreement \"Understood Mr Olsen\" my father nodded and smiled at the two of us. \"Have a good time you two\" I nodded and kissed my father on the cheek and then we left. Danny opened the passenger door for me and then he got in and we made our way to the school. I did my best to keep my nerves at bay; all I kept thinking was I'm going to be fine, I kept repeating that in my head. Danny asked me how I was doing; I smiled at him \"I'm ok, I'm just a little bit nervous\" he asked why I was nervous \"It's silly; I just get camera shy\" Danny told me not to worry. I nodded in agreement. Everything was going to be fine. I am going to be fine, nothing is going to happen, we got to the gym and made our way in. Everything looked good, the decorations were so pretty, I made a comment about it being exciting and Danny told me just to make friends with the camera man and then I asked him if he knew him and he told me his name. This was going to be a good thing. Nothing was going to happen. I am going to be fine.[Chapter 11] YATOTIW AN: Hey guys, sorry it's been like a really long time and for that I am truly sorry, life has been getting me down and of course multiple doctors' appointments and counselling sessions, and writers block, but I'm back and I am staying until I have finished this story, I watched the film again recently and it gave me the confidence to start again, I really, really hope you like this chapter and the ones to come, lets continue with the National Dance off, Greasergirl20 x We seemed to be dancing for what felt like hours, nothing bad had happened so far which was good, I was having a nice time, Danny kept me in his arms the whole time, I noticed that people had been watching us, I also spotted Frenchie and Doody, they seemed to be having fun. We finished dancing, I also felt like I needed a bit of a break; we walked over to the benches and sat down, I watched all of the other students having a good time, I then felt panicked. I looked away as I spoke \"How about if I get camera fright?\" he looked at me \"Don't worry about it you're gonna be cool right?\" I smiled and agreed with him, he looked at me again \"Don't worry?\" I nodded in agreement and we got up and continued dancing. A song came on, we danced to it; Danny started to sing, I looked at him slightly horrified, I mean I could tell he was showing off to me, but I tried not to let it show that I was absolutely horrified by his singing abilities. I suggested politely that maybe he should take up singing professionally; we were then stopped by Kenickie, he introduced his date, her name was Cha Cha. She looked at Danny and spoke, he looked at her, there was that nauseous feeling in my stomach again, and I could tell something was off. He told me to come on; I knew something was wrong. I asked him \"Who's that girl?\" he replied \"She's just a girl I know, that's all\" I nodded in understanding, believing him. We continued to dance, when another song came on. Trust Danny to find a camera, I mean he knows that I get camera fright. He kept trying to get me to look at the camera, but alas the fright took over. The song finished and he spun me around. It was fun… Everything seemed to be going well. Although I couldn't get that feeling out of my stomach; it was almost like he was hiding something from me, but I couldn't figure it out. Another song came on, it was a slow song. I asked him again about that girl \"How do you know her\" I was curious to know, he replied \"Oh, she's just an old friend of the families that's all\" again I was worried as his answer changed. I tried to forget all about her and I wanted to enjoy this experience; we danced for a little while longer and then another fast song came on, I found it easy to dance to, I just followed Danny. We danced with everyone around us and then we found ourselves in the middle of the dance floor. I was so into the dance that I didn't notice Sonny coming over and taking me away. Danny looked over at me, Sonny told me who she was; I found out that she was one of his former girlfriends. I walked out after seeing Danny dance with her. I felt so stupid; why did I believe him? I guess that he will never be interested in a girl like me… I am just to plain for him.[Chapter 12] You're the one that I want ch12 I feel so humiliated; I should have known there was more to what happened tonight. My parents were out for the evening they made plans to go to dinner as I was going out, so I walked home. I guess this was for the best; I'll not talk to him at school, I won't tell anyone, I probably won't need to as I am guessing they all witnessed what happened. I knew walking home would be the best option, as I wanted to clear my head. I couldn't help but feel like this was a sick joke, as it was too good to be true. I got home and went to my room. I must have fallen asleep as I heard the front door open. My parents were home, I was trying to figure out if I should tell them about what happened at the dance off, I took a deep breath and went down stairs. My mother looked at me \"Sandy, darling; is everything alright?\" I shook my head \"Oh mother, it was awful; well not the whole night of course, but later on towards the end Danny started dancing with another girl, who happened to be his ex-girlfriend, I didn't know that until one of his friends told me\" My father cleared his throat \"I think I should have a word with him, for humiliating my little girl, and was there any indication that she was part of his past?\" I nodded, I then explained what he said both times I asked, my father looked at me \"Maybe he was protecting you, not that it excuses his behaviour\" I went to bed and tried to forget about everything that had happened… Three days later… Everything was fine at school, I didn't see Danny; which was a slight relief, and he never phoned to explain his actions, not that I expected a phone call. The day went by pretty fast, I got home and started on my homework, it was straight forward enough, so that meant that I was able to get through it without any problems. A few more days past and I was starting to get my life together, I had no time to be sad; I was focused on my own life. I got home from school, watched a little bit of television and got my homework done; I must have been completely focused on that, as I barely heard the phone ring. I got up to answer it \"Hello, can I ask who is calling?\" then I heard his voice \"Hiya Sandy, how you been?\" I almost hung up the phone but couldn't bring myself to do so, I then answered \"I am doing fine, thank you for asking, what do you want Danny?\" he paused \"Sandy, I'm sorry for the other night at the dance off, I didn't think that would happen, I wanted to go after you but I couldn't, anyway I was wondering if you wanted to go to the drive in with me tonight, you don't have to if you don't want to, it is up to you\" I couldn't believe him \"Ok Danny, I'll go with you, but it is not a date, do you understand, we need to talk about what happened at the dance off\" he understood, he told me that he would pick me up around eight. I am not going to fall for him again, no matter what happens I am not falling for him again… I hope.[Chapter 13] You're the one that I want ch13 An: This chapter will be from Rizzo's POV. Just to change things a little bit; I really hope you like it, Greasergirl20 x Life just isn't getting any easier for me, I try to not care about anyone; but I do care about one person and that is Kenickie, he somehow makes my life a living nightmare but he is kinda sweet too at times, when no one else is around, that is. I know I am the tough one; but sometimes I can be vulnerable, I don't like it, not one bit. The dance off was a total waste of time, I mean I had some fun, but Kenickie ruined it for me, bringing that so called girl to the dance, I know I didn't make it easy for him bringing Leo. Men, who needs them? They are just there to annoy you when they feel like it, love you for all eternity and take care of you, while you look after the children and be a good housewife. I do have one slight problem; I think I'm pregnant, I don't know who the father is, as I might have had a thing with Leo before the dance off. Nothing happened, he is a total creep, and of course I had something with Kenickie, so it could be his, I guess. I don't know if I should tell my parents but I know what would happen, as I am not married; I would be sent off somewhere to a relative and the baby would be taken away never to be seen again, I don't think the pink ladies would understand. I know I should tell someone, I am sure I might tell someone tonight at the drive-in if anyone notices that I am not myself, me and the girls are going tonight, and I guess we will see the guys there too. I doubt that Danny and little miss perfect will be there, from what I heard at school, was that Danny danced with Cha-Cha; I am sure that didn't go down to well with Sandra Dee. Although I heard that Danny apologised, he told Doody, who then told Sonny, who then told Kenickie, after that I don't know what happened. I was right when I said she was too pure to be pink, she doesn't have what it has to be a pink lady. No matter what I was told by Frenchy. The sleepover clarified what I already suspected; Sandy just didn't have what it took to be part of the pink ladies. Although she is a nice girl, a bit too nice for my liking, but nice all the same.[Chapter 14] You're the one that I want ch14 AN: Hey guys, I know that I didn't post for a long time, and for that I am sorry; I love getting the reviews, they make me happy. So please, read and review, it would make me so happy, I would also like to hear some suggestions in the review section, I had to disable my PM, I was getting harassed by an unknown person, their bio had no stories, favorite's or authors. This chapter is from Sandy's POV. Thanks in advance, Greasergirl20 x I decided to wear something comfortable; I mean who knows what will happen. The reason I agreed to go out with him was to get an explanation as to what happened a few nights ago. I have never been so humiliated in my life. I know I am little miss goody two shoes, and there is nothing wrong with that, and I might have a heart of gold, and I might have fallen for him before. But not tonight, I really hope nothing happens. I heard a car pull up outside my house, I guess Danny was here; here goes nothing. I walked out to the car and got in, I didn't know what to make of his demeanor; he seemed to be relieved that I decided to go out with him tonight. I wasn't going to let him get the better of me; even if he is handsome, charming and sweet, of course that's when he wants to be, it always seems that he is sweet until his friends turn up. I have noticed that a few times, but I always fall for his charm, not this time if I can help it. I nearly jumped when he spoke \"So Sandy, how you been?\" I replied \"I am ok, thank you\" he spoke again \"I guess you are pretty mad at me?\" I opened my mouth to speak, but nothing came out. Come on Sandy, I thought to myself again, tell him how you feel… Again nothing came out. We eventually arrived at the drive in. I guess whatever she was to him, it made him uncomfortable, it felt like some time had passed and I still hadn't gotten an explanation from Danny, about what happened and who she was, so I decided to stay quiet. He put his arm around me, I shrugged it off. He spoke \"Oh come on Sandy, I told you on the phone that I was sorry\" I replied \"I know you did\" he spoke again \"Well you do believe me don't you?\" I didn't know how to respond so I decided to come out with what was annoying me \"I guess, but I still think that you and Cha-Cha went together\" he scoffed \"We did not go together Sandy, we just went together that's all\" I couldn't believe what I was hearing \"It's the same thing\" he denied what I said and made it look like he was right. God was he frustrating. I sat back and folded my arms; in complete disbelief. He was acting casual and looking at something. I couldn't figure it out so I stayed quiet. Next thing I knew there was a searing pain running through my chest, Danny looked over and apologized, he then offered me his ring and I accepted, told him how much it meant to me I kissed him on the cheek and he put his arm around me. Things were back to normal until he sneezed. I told him I hoped he wasn't getting a cold He told me that it was drive in dust, I accepted his explanation. I felt comfortable around him again; until he tried to place his hand on my chest, I panicked and he pushed me down, he was trying to make out with me, I shrieked and told him to get off me. I pushed him off and he used my words against me. I got out of the car and slammed the door on him I couldn't believe he wanted me to stay in this sin wagon and I threw his ring back at him and ran off. I could hear him shout after me. But I didn't turn back as humiliated me.[Chapter 15] You're the one that I want chapter 15 AN: Hey guys, thank you so much for the reviews, they mean a lot to me. This chapter will be from two different POV's. I hope you all like it, read and review please as they would be greatly appreciated, Greasegirl20. Sandy's POV The morning after that disaster at the drive in with Danny was tough, my parents had been out when I got home last night, so I didn't have to face them and tell them about what happened. I woke up and got dressed and had breakfast, I knew I had to tell them. I decided to tell my mother; she understood, she told me that maybe Danny was trying so hard to make it up to me that he got his feelings confused and I should hear him out if he tries to talk to me. Somehow I just I cannot believe that Danny thought he could do something to me, all because I told him that I thought he respected me. I should have known that by giving me his ring, he thought that it would make everything ok; I trusted him, I cared about him. Who am I kidding, I love him; I love him so much that it hurts. I know it's silly and I know I shouldn't love him but I can't help it. From the moment I met him at the beach, he was amazing, sweet, kind and he made me laugh a lot. Now though, he is who his friends want him to be; a creep and they want him to be a typical teenage boy who has only one thing on his mind, the one thing that I don't want to give as of yet. I'm afraid that if I do, he will get rid and find someone else. I honestly think he doesn't even love me, never mind like me in that way, I mean why would he? Danny's POV The drive in was a disaster; I couldn't tell anyone about what happened, it would ruin my reputation, I mean I am supposed to be this cool, uncaring guy and I knew that the guys would want to know if anything happened. I told them what I was doing and who I was with, I knew they would laugh at me if I told them that I was rejected. I got up the next morning and I was feeling ashamed; my parents hadn't raised me like that; I was always told to respect women, but unfortunately the T-Birds wouldn't want that. From the moment I met Sandy, I knew she was the one for me, yeah sure she wasn't a Pink Lady, she didn't smoke, or drink or do anything else considered cool, but she liked me for me, well the me I wanted her to see. For some reason, I made myself look like a total creep, all because I made her believe I would respect her. I should have known that by giving her my ring, she would have thought that it would make everything ok between us; I honestly thought she would let me make out with her. I knew I had to make it up to her, but I didn't know how; and then I remembered that I was on the track team, I mean she likes guys who can run and stuff, but I can't let the guys know, they wouldn't understand why I was doing it. I am going to win her back if it is the last thing I do; but for now, I need to go and help Kenickie win this race against the Scorpions. Once I do that I will make everything up to Sandy and prove to her that I am worthy of her love and her worthy of mine, not that she isn't already as I do love her.[Chapter 16] You're the one that I want chapter 16 AN: Hey guys. This will be the last chapter; it will cover the conversation with Rizzo, Thunder Road, Sandy's makeover and the carnival. It will be based on what happened in the movie and some of Sandy's inner thoughts. Read and review please as they would be greatly appreciated, stay tuned for a sequel to this story. Greasegirl20. Rydell High It was my last day as a senior at Rydell High; it had gone in fast. The day had gone in quickly as I had so many classes like English, History and Biology, and before I knew it, it was lunch time. I heard a few of the students talking in the lunch line, I think it had something to do with Rizzo and a rumour going around that she might be pregnant. As it was the last day, the seniors had been given the afternoon off to go home and get ready for the carnival. I walked out the rear doors leading to the parking lot, I noticed Rizzo looking troubled; I guessed it had something to do with the rumour going around. I decided to talk to her and try to be a friend; I think I startled her when I spoke. \"Oh, hello Riz; are you going to Thunder Road?\" She looked at me and answered \"No, not a chance\". That's strange I honestly thought she would be going as I know the other pink ladies might be there. \"I have to go; I have to talk to Danny\". She looked at me again \"Unless you got wheels or a motor, he won't know you're alive\" Again it is rather strange that she isn't going, so I started talking again. \"Look, Riz I know we haven't been the best of friends, but if there is anything I can do\" She spoke \"I can take care of myself and anyone else who comes along\". I left it at that, I was about to walk away, but then she shouted after me. She smiled softly at me \"Hey… Thanks\" Thunder Road, Sandy's makeover and The Carnival I made my way to Thunder Road, it seemed to be a great distance to the school, the reason I am going is so I can talk to Danny and apologise for hurting him and maybe ask him to tell me about his past, as he never told me anything. I eventually got there, but by the time I did, it seemed to be starting; I guess my conversation with Rizzo took longer than I thought, but it didn't matter as she seemed to be worried and I tried to be a friend. I looked over and I spotted Danny; I guess he was going to be racing against the leader of their rival gang, who I recognised to be the boy that Rizzo brought as her date to the national dance off. The race started and I hoped that Danny would be safe; the reason for that was because I love him, and I don't want him to get hurt, I watched as the two cars raced each other, I was mesmerized at the speed of which both cars were going. It was over in a flash, Danny had won. I was happy, but not happy with myself. Frenchy came over and talked to me, I asked her to help me and if I could come over to her place. We got to her place, she asked me what I wanted done, so I explained that I wanted my ears pierced, my hair done and I wanted to be a greaser's dream girl. Marty and Jan came over and helped with my makeover; Marty picked out my outfit; which consisted of a pair of black leather pants and a black top, Frenchy got to work on my hair, which she curled to perfection and Jan helped pick out a nice dark red lipstick and nail polish, she got to work on my finger nails and then my toe nails, the reason for that was Marty picked out a nice pair of red peep toe heels to match my nails. When they finished, I looked in the mirror and didn't recognise myself, I looked amazing; the girls got ready and we headed to the carnival, I hid when we got to the school. I didn't want anyone to see me until Danny had seen me. I got the signal from Marty who took me by the hand; we found Frenchy and Jan and made our way to where the boys and Danny had been standing. Everything happened so fast, everyone was staring at me; Danny looked shocked, I was shocked too as he was wearing a letterman sweater, we declared our love for each other; it was amazing, Danny couldn't keep his hands off me, it was the best feeling ever, we had each other and we would always be together. We drove off and shared a kiss, he kept his arm around me and we had each other, and it was going to stay that way. ","Summary":" AN: Hey guys, this is my first story, I hope you enjoy this. This story will be from Sandy's POV, I"},{"Movie":"Grease","Title":"Die Kirsche","Author":"Zarvonius","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13242012","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Die Kirsche Chapter 1 Wilhelm Schwartz had been living in America since the age of eight, and today, it was the summer of 1958. He'd been attending Rydell High School, and this coming term, he'd be a senior. He was now sipping a cherry soda on the beach, proudly wearing his black leather jacket, which had been emblazoned with the T-birds' logo two years ago after Kenicke had put in a good word for him for repairing several damaged components to his car. \"Well, well, well,\" said a voice next to Wilhelm. \"Bill Schwartz, how's it goin'?\" \"Danny Zuko,\" Wilhelm said, nodding. \"It's going pretty well. How's your luck with the Frauleins?\" \"I just met this girl a couple weeks ago named Sandy. She's Australian.\" \"Austrian, you mean?\" \" Australian , Bill. With the kangaroos? God, you are so Eurocentric.\" \"What do you want from me, Herr Zuko? I'm German.\" \"Whatever you like,\" said Danny as Wilhelm finished his soda. \"Want me to pick you something up from the beach house, Freund?\" \"Nah, I'm good,\" said Danny casually with a wave of his hand. \"In that case,\" said Wilhelm, \"I'm off to the beach house for now. The ladies don't catch themselves, ja?\" Wilhelm sauntered to the beach house and was about to order another soda when a girl's voice resounded in front of him. \"Hey Schwartz!\" Wilhelm looked to the voice's source. \"Ach du lieber, what's this?\" \"Don't play coy with us, come here and sit down!\" \"Want a soda, anyone?\" \"Cherry!\" another girl's voice called out. \"Ausgezeichnet! I didn't think you'd be here, Fraulein Maraschino! Fitting you'd want a cherry soda, ja?\" \"How many times do I have to tell you, it's Marty! Now come over here before we die of old age!\" \"Two cherry sodas please,\" said Wilhelm, sliding some money on the counter. When he received the sodas, he sat next to Marty and settled in. \"I warn you, if Sonny sees me with you he'll…\" \"Oh he won't,\" said Marty. \"You can make sure of that, yeah?\" \"Of course I can. Run him over with my BMW and see if he turns into a pancake like in the cartoons.\" They all laughed, and Frenchy spoke up. \"Remember when Wilhelm thought I was actually French ?\" \"God!\" said Jan. \" I am Contractually obligated to hate ze French ,\" she said in an obviously fake German accent. \" I am German, ja. \" \"Of course,\" said Wilhelm, shrugging. \"I am German.\" \"Lay off, Jan,\" Marty said with a scoff. \"Marty?\" Wilhelm turned to the voice as Marty did the same. \"God's hooks!\" he said, surprised. \"Look, Sonny, it's not what you…\" \"I'm not mad at you, Bill,\" said Sonny, shrugging. \"Marty, I didn't know Schwartz was… one of your pen-pals!\" The two left, and Wilhelm looked to Frenchy. \"Oh no,\" she whispered. \"This cannot end well,\" agreed Wilhelm. A few minutes later, Marty reappeared. \"Good news, ladies,\" she drawled unenthusiastically. \"I'm single.\" Wilhelm narrowed his eyes, feeling both sorry for Marty and glad at the same time… for reasons unknown. Could this be an opportunity? Was he even remotely interested in Marty? These were things he'd have to consider. For now, he decided to remain neutral. \"Ach,\" he said. \"A tough break. You have my sympathy.\" \"Thanks,\" said Marty, smiling weakly. \"I, ah, don't intend to leave the Pink Ladies, by the way.\" \"No one said you had to,\" said the girl who'd first called out Wilhelm's name, Rizzo. \"Crap happens, Marty, there's nothin' we can do. Men are stupid. Oh… no offense, Schwartz.\" \"None taken,\" said Wilhelm. \"To be fair most men can be dummkopfs.\" \"So you said you own a BMW,\" said Marty. \"I didn't think you had a car.\" \"I just got my license,\" Wilhelm admitted. \"My parents didn't want our insurance to go up, but I got them to cave! Said I'd get a job and pay for my own insurance. Before you ask, I've got weekends off, and it is Saturday.\" \"So what kind of BMW is it?\" Frenchy asked. \"It's a 507 roadster, '55,\" said Wilhelm. \"My parents bought it used. It's black.\" \"You own a fricking 507 ?!\" a voice said behind him. \"Hello, Kenicke,\" said Wilhelm. \"Yes, I do.\" \"How'd you manage that ?\" \"I told my parents I wanted a decent car, and so they bought me a used and, admittedly beat-up 507. As you know, cars are my thing, so I went ahead and spruced it up. It used to be green, but it's black now, with red leather seats. It cost a considerable amount of money to pull off, but that's what a job's for. I work as a clerk at a law firm.\" \"His dad's a lawyer,\" Kenicke explained. \"Bill wants to study law.\" \"If I do, my father says he'll take me into his firm.\" \"That's a nice break,\" Kenicke said with a nod. \"Ah, the guys and I would like to borrow you lovely ladies, if you don't mind.\" \"Course not,\" said Frenchy. \"Looks like the party's over,\" said Rizzo. \"Coming Marty?\" \"I think I'll stay here,\" she said. \"Alright,\" Rizzo said, shrugging. \"Your call.\" Marty sighed and sipped her soda, and Wilhelm leaned back, stroking his glass in thought, narrowing his eyes again. \"Something on your mind?\" Marty asked. \"This may be an inopportune time to bring this up,\" said Wilhelm hesitantly, \"but at least I don't mind that you've got pen pals overseas.\" \"One of them's a marine,\" Marty said. \"Ooh, a United States Marine,\" said Wilhelm nervously. \"Not sure I can compete with that.\" \"He's not competition… he's in Korea.\" \"Ja, that's pretty far,\" said Wilhelm. \"I've got friends in Germany… well West Germany… I still write to, myself. We're thinking of heading back to the Fatherland for Christmas.\" \"Whereabouts in West Germany?\" Wilhelm smiled. \"Dusseldorf,\" he said. \"I'm seventeen, by the way.\" \"You seem mature for your age. A car, a job… I remember you saying you were into history and classical music.\" \"Sometimes I feel like an old man trapped in a young man's body,\" he admitted. Wilhelm smiled, looking into Marty's brown eyes and contemplating. If something were starting, he'd find out soon enough. But for now, he'd have to play it cool.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 \"You mean he hasn't laid a hand on you yet?\" A week had passed since Sonny and Marty had broken up, and Rizzo was looking at Marty incredulously. \"Hey, Wilhelm's a gentleman. Can't expect him to do anything too far-fetched.\" Frenchy gasped and leaned forward, grinning broadly. \"Has he asked you out yet?\" Marty gasped and let out a short scream. \"He has!\" she said, suddenly remembering. \"We're going to the drive-in tomorrow night! Oh… I can't see him looking like this !\" \"You're right,\" said Frenchy seriously. \"This has to be taken care of. Bathroom. Now.\" Just then, the phone rang. \"Hello? Oh… no, it's Jan… Oh, nothing! Oh, you're after Marty?\" \"Stall him!\" Marty whispered frantically. \"Yes, Frenchy's giving her a touch-up.\" On the other line, Wilhelm chuckled. \"Oh, I understand… you say she wants to look good for the drive in?\" \"Yeah.\" \"Oh… it's supposed to rain tomorrow, which is why I called… no, I'm not cancelling.\" \"Hello!\" \"Ah, good. Just the lady I wanted to talk to. It's supposed to rain tomorrow. But the same movie is playing at the movie theater.\" \"Oh. You want to go to an actual theater instead?\" \"I know, that's what convertible tops are for, but drive-ins are no good if the top's up. Showtime's at seven if you're interested, and we can do dinner as well. My treat, of course.\" \"Of course!\" said Marty happily. \"Yes, let's do that!\" \"Dinner's going to be, I think, at the steakhouse down the road from the theater. Unless, of course, you have something else in mind.\" \"How about the Frosty Palace? I'd rather have a good burger.\" \"Sounds good to me,\" said Wilhelm. \"I will talk to you tomorrow, ja?\" \"Of course.\" \"Excellent. Auf wiederhören.\" \"Sounds like you like each other,\" said Frenchy. \"I'm not gonna lie,\" said Marty. \"He scored major points with his job and his car.\" \"You're sure he's seventeen?\" frenchy asked. \"Certain of it,\" said Marty. \"I even asked his father, and sure enough.\" \"How is his dad? Stiff as I think?\" \"Germans are a stiff group of people, but his dad's okay. Kinda formal, but still.\" \"How'd I do?\" Frenchy asked somewhat nervously. Marty looked herself over. \"You did fine,\" she said encouragingly. The next night approached, and just as Wilhelm and the weather man had said, it was indeed raining. Wilhelm was in the Maraschinos' driveway, an umbrella in his hand. He rang the doorbell and Marty's father answered. \"Oh! Bill Schwartz, hello! She's still getting ready. Why don't you come in?\" Wilhelm entered and started to bend over to untie his shoes. \"Come on, no need for that,\" said Marty's father dismissively. \"As you say, Herr Maraschino,\" said Wilhelm, nodding. \"Come on, call me Vincenzo… I know Germans are a formal group of people, but… you can loosen up.\" Wilhelm shrugged and smiled. \"My German parents taught me to court a lady the German way,\" he explained. \"We do things differently in America,\" said Vincenzo casually. \"Besides which, it's not like I'm going to blow your brains out! Just don't hurt her, that's all.\" A scream could be heard from upstairs. \"He's here!\" Marty cried frantically. \"How do I look? Is my hair okay? How about my dress?\" \"You look amazing!\" said Wilhelm. \"But you can't see me!\" \"I have X-ray vision, I'm Superman!\" \"Yeah, right! I'll be down in a minute!\" A few minutes later, Marty came down the stairs wearing a dark blue sleeveless dress and matching open-toed heels. \"Mein Leben,\" Wilhelm said, smiling. \"Feels like I'm underdressed.\" The two left, and headed to the Frosty Palace. When they get there, they ordered their food and waited. \"So did you listen to Elvis' latest record?\" Marty asked. \"Elvis is okay, but Bing Crosby is clearly the better singer,\" said Wilhelm. \"I like his sound. Elvis is… well it's not noise, but I can barely hear him over the screaming.\" \"Because we all love him!\" said Marty, surprised. \"Would it kill Herr Presley to step into a recording booth? What, is he like a demon in a church, he'll sizzle? And I've seen him on television. And who in their right mind dances like that ?\" \"Elvis Presley!\" Marty said, shocked. \"You don't like Elvis?!\" \"Oh I like Elvis, I think his songs are just fine,\" said Wilhelm, raising his hands. \"Just some of the things he does are questionable, that's all.\" \"Rock and roll is alright, but honestly, give me the classics. Beethoven, Bach, Wagner, Mozart, Tchaikovsky.\" \"I always liked Mozart,\" said Marty, \"but Wagner's too heavy.\" \"Too heavy?!\" Wilhelm asked, taken aback. \"Ach, Marty… now you know how I feel about all the screaming at Elvis concerts. God's wounds, just listen to the music.\" Marty and Wilhelm laughed, and the food arrived. \"Ah good, the cavalry's here,\" said Wilhelm. \"And tremble, ye Frenchmen, for it is Prussian!\" After dinner, of course, came the movie, a romantic comedy. Wilhelm didn't pay much attention to the movie, but knew it starred Marilyn Monroe. Wilhelm decided that tonight, he'd take Marty's father's advice and loosen up. Marty smiled. \"Ooh!\" she said softly. \"I think he's about to tell her he loves her!\" Wilhelm, feeling a jolt of confidence, wrapped his arm around Marty, who leaned against his shoulder and closed her eyes. When the movie was over, they lingered in the lobby. \"So, what did you think of the movie?\" Marty asked. \"It wasn't bad ,\" Wilhelm conceded, \"but it wasn't all that great.\" \"Well… didn't you think Marilyn Monroe was pretty?\" \"Are you kidding me?\" Wilhelm said. \"Next to you, she looked like an absolute gorgon !\" Marty blushed. \"You think I… I'm prettier than Marilyn Monroe?\" she asked shyly. Wilhelm nodded. \"Of course I do,\" he said, \"and so does anyone with working eyes.\" When they got home, Wilhelm smiled. \"An excellent night it was,\" he said. \"I had a fantastic time,\" said Marty, \"and I'm not saying that just to be nice.\" \"Time for me to go, then,\" he said ruefully. Marty smiled. \"Let's… let's do this again soon,\" she said. She handed him a slip of paper. \"Call me, okay?\" she said, blushing faintly and kissing him on the cheek.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 The week after the date, the T-birds were gathered in the Frosty palace. \"So what's this I hear about you and Marty, huh?\" Sonny asked. \"We're talking. In depth I might add.\" \"Stealing my girl?\" Wilhelm scoffed. \"Ha! Bad news, Signor la Tierri. She hasn't been 'your girl' for a while now. You broke up, remember?\" \"Doesn't mean I can't get her back.\" \"She doesn't want you back, Schweinhund,\" Wilhelm drawled, sipping his milkshake. \"I warn you, she's mine. I don't care who you are. You're goin' down, Nazi!\" Wilhelm narrowed his eyes and grinned. \"What… was that?\" he asked. \"You heard me.\" \"What did you call me, Martin,\" he said. \"Don't you call me…\" \"Herr la Tieri,\" said Wilhelm calmly. \"Would you care to step outside?\" Danny's mouth opened in shock. \"Oh shit…\" he whispered. The T-birds retreated to the back of the Frosty Palace, and Wilhelm and Sonny squared off. \"You're dead, Adolf.\" Wilhelm grappled with Sonny for a few seconds, then managed to push him against the chain link fence. Readying his fist, he delivered a few punches to Sonny's face, barking as he punched, \" My… name… is… Wil… helm !\" As Wilhelm was pushed off, he delivered a kick to Sonny's shin. He received a punch to the throat in return, and gagged, bringing up saliva and mucus. Spitting in Sonny's eye, Wilhelm grappled with him again, this time being forced to the ground. As he wrapped his hands around Sonny's neck, Sonny repeatedly punched him. Wilhelm let out a growl of rage and delivered a kick with both feet to Sonny's gut. Both combatants stood up and circled each other. \"Nazi,\" sonny hissed. Wilhelm growled. \"You God-damned Mussolini-worshipping fascist grease ball!\" he shouted. \"Go choke on a plate of spaghetti, and when you get to Hell, tell your friend Al Capone Wilhelm Schwartz sent you!\" Sonny let out a yell and charged Wilhelm, not seeing his extended foot. As Sonny tripped, he turned onto his back, groaning. \"Let me explain something to you, sonny ,\" Wilhelm hissed. He stepped closer and shouted, as he delivered kick after kick to Sonny's curled-up form. \" NO… BAS… TARD… CALLS… ME… NA… ZI !\" \"Bill,\" Danny said over the din. \"Bill!\" He grabbed Wilhelm and pulled him away. \"He's down. He's down! Bill, he's down !\" \"I'll kill that bastard!\" Wilhelm practically shrieked, pointing at Sonny fiercely. \" He's dead! His entire family is dead ! I want his house burned to the damn ground !\" A few minutes later, the T-birds and Wilhelm had dragged a half-conscious, bruised, and bleeding Sonny to the car. \"Sorry you almost had to be sent to the hospital,\" a now-calm Wilhelm said. \"But when someone calls me a Nazi… I get a little crazy.\" Sonny groaned. \"It's fine,\" he slurred. \"Point taken… oof… Jesus Christ, Bill… you kicked my ass.\" \"I should probably leave,\" said Wilhelm. Just then, the Pink Ladies arrived on the scene. \"Hey!\" Frenchy called out. \"Sorry we're late. We… oh Sonny !\" She ran over to Sonny and leaned over the car. Marty gasped. \"What happened?\" she asked worriedly, running over to Wilhelm. \"My God! Wilhelm, did you…\" \"I had to,\" said Wilhelm. \"He called me a Nazi, for God's sake.\" \" Wilhelm did this to you?\" Frenchy said softly. \"God, you're a wreck!\" \"In all fairness, calling him a Nazi was way out of line.\" \"Ooh… you shouldn't have done that,\" Frenchy scolded. \"He did,\" said Danny. \"he did call him a Nazi, so Bill kicked him around a bit.\" \"Can I interest you in a shake?\" Wilhelm asked Marty. \"Sure! And while we're at it, you need ice. Your face is swollen.\" \"Really? Mein Gott, am I glad I didn't get the worse end of it!\" \"Really?\" Marty asked over milkshakes as Wilhelm applied ice to his face. \"He accused you of stealing his girl ? I haven't been his girl since… you know.\" \"I told him just as much,\" said Wilhelm. \"Sorry about the mess, Vi.\" \"Oh don't worry about it,\" said Vi. \"Kids get into fights behind my place all the time. Just… take it to the junkyard next time, okay?\" \"Alright,\" said Wilhelm, shrugging. \"Anyway,\" Wilhelm continued, \"apparently Sonny is still holding onto old habits.\" \"God,\" Marty groaned, sipping her milkshake. \"It's ridiculous.\" When Wilhelm got home, he ran into his father. \"Oh. Hello, Papa,\" he said. \"Sorry I'm home late.\" \"You're not home late, it's not midnight yet. What happened to you?\" \"I admit, I got into a fight,\" Wilhelm said. \"Sonny la Tierri called me a Nazi.\" \"He called you a what ?!\" his mother shrieked. \"I hope you sent him home crying then!\" \"Don't worry, he got the worst of it. I'm fine, and he will be too, but he was only a quarter of the way conscious when I was done with him.\" \"Ordinarily I'd ground you, Herr Schwartz,\" his father said sternly. \"But when your honor's insulted like that … well then I don't find your fight punishable. He had it coming.\" \"We're even now, he won't call me a Nazi again.\" \"He'd better not, or it'll be my turn!\" Wilhelm's father said with a chuckle. \"So you enjoy your day at the beach with Fraulein Maraschino, who it just so happens I rather like.\" \"Thanks for understanding,\" said Wilhelm. \"We all know nobody calls me that.\" Wilhelm went up to his room and finally, at midnight on the dot, got ready for bed.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 Sonny la Tierri was not happy. Wilhelm was a T-bird, that was true… but he was a T-bird who was encroaching on his territory. Sonny was at the Frosty Palace yet again, recovered from his njuries. It'd been a week since the fight. Due to his tussle, he'd been grounded for a week, but now that his sentence was over, he was here with the rest of the gang. Wilhelm was sick with a nasty flu and had been for a week, and so was resting comfortably at home. \"No offense to Bill, Danny, but… I'm tellin' ya he's not gonna get away with this.\" \"Give it a rest Sonny,\" said Danny. \"I know you're taking this hard, but… well you guys broke up.\" \"But I still love her!\" Sonny said, \"and I was gonna try to make up but then that damn Wilhelm stepped in and… well I… I'm not gonna pretend I'm not pissed, cause I'm pissed !\" \"I don't know… think you could beat bill in a fight?\" \"Probably. He got lucky last time.\" \"I think,\" said Kenicke, \"you should settle this over a race. Your car against his.\" \"I can't treat Marty like a trophy!\" Sonny exclaimed. \"Bill would tell Marty about it, even if he hypothetically lost, and Marty would be furious!\" \"Long as Bill's in the picture, Marty's gonna stick with him, I think,\" said Putzie. \"As long as Bill's… you mean he's gotta leave somehow in order for me to…\" \"Woah, woah ! No one said that!\" Doody put in. \"Just… Marty's with Bill now. They're not officially going steady, but still.\" \"They're not?\" \"They weren't last I heard,\" said Danny. \"They seem to be almost there though.\" A few moments later, Marty walked in. Sonny smiled. \"Now's my chance,\" he whispered. \"Don't do anything stupid,\" Danny warned. Sonny walked over to the counter. \"So, I hear Bill's under the weather,\" he said. \"Yes, he's got the flu,\" said Marty. \"Look… want a soda or something?\" Marty smiled. \"Sure.\" \"Welcome to the Frosty Palace,\" said the man behind the counter. \"What can I get… hey, you're Marty Maraschino!\" \"That's me,\" said Marty. \"How'd you know?\" \"I'm Wilhelm's cousin. My name's Alexander. My friends call me Alex. I moved here at the beginning of last school year from upstate New York.\" \"That's nice,\" said Marty. \"Tell Wilhelm I said get well soon!\" \"I will!\" \"I'd also like a cherry milkshake.\" \"Raspberry for me,\" said Sonny. \"It's my treat.\" The two sat down at a booth, and Sonny cleared his throat. \"So… I know I shouldn't… care… but this thing about you and Bill…\" \"Ooh… I figured you'd bring that up sooner or later,\" said Marty. \"It's like this. After you broke up with me over my pen pals… I was upset, I'm not gonna lie. When I found out about how mature Wilhelm was and how well-put-together he had his life… that attracted me to him\" \"I gotcha,\" said Sonny. \"Again, I'm sorry… I shouldn't…\" \"You're fine,\" said Marty. \"If there's one thing I know about being mature, it's that you've got to be honest. You have to be direct.\" \"Are you and Wilhelm…\" Sonny hesitated. \"Going steady? No, not right now. But we are attracted to each other.\" \"I'm not going to assume anything,\" said Sonny. \"But I was hoping that we…\" He sighed. \"That there was still a chance that…\" Marty finished her milkshake and furrowed her eyebrows in thought. \"I'll… I'll think about it, okay?\" Marty said softly. \"Seriously… I'm not being coy. I'll definitely give it some thought. I know it's been a couple months now, and… you've probably gotten over the whole pen pal thing.\" \"That's all I can ask,\" said Sonny. \"Go ahead and… consider it.\" When Sonny and Marty parted ways for the night, Marty sighed. She felt awful. She and Wilhelm weren't officially together. They'd only been on a few dates. But… she really liked him, and she couldn't stand to see him heartbroken! Marty would talk to Wilhelm about it when he was well again. She couldn't just keep this from him. Just then, Danny Zuko walked in with a blonde Marty didn't recognize. The two ordered their food as Alex talked with them, introducing himself to them both, and Marty sighed. God, she wished Wilhelm were here. When she got home, Marty was greeted with a pleasant surprise. Wilhelm was in the living room. \"He's here for dinner with his parents,\" Marty's mother explained. \"We decided to risk it,\" said Mr. Schwartz. \"Wilhelm's not contagious anymore, and he sounds a lot better, so we took your father up on his invitation to come over for supper.\" Wilhelm cocked his head. \"I know that look,\" he said softly, walking over to Marty. \"You've got something on your mind, haven't you?\" Marty sighed. \"It's Sonny,\" she said. \"Been giving you trouble has he?\" \"No,\" said Marty. \"He… he wants to… get back together.\" Wilhelm sighed. \"Well now,\" he said somberly. \"I haven't decided whether or not to do it yet, but… I have some thinking to do.\" Wilhelm cocked his head again. \"Of… course,\" he said, surprised. \"I could leave you alone until you've given it some thought.\" \"I'd… really rather you didn't,\" Marty admitted. \"I have to say, talking to you makes me feel… I feel secure . Both you and Sonny should keep talking to me. Just… don't try to kill each other, okay?\" \"I promise; Sonny will live.\" Dinner was an uneventful affair, with Wilhelm and Mr. Maraschino doing most of the talking. Afterwards, after the Schwartzes had left, Marty lay awake in bed, thinking of how either Wilhelm or Sonny would be heartbroken when Marty had made up her mind. She looked at the pictures she had of Wilhelm and of Sonny, thinking of the time she'd spent with them. Then she looked at the pictures she had of her many pen pals. Tears came to her eyes, and she buried her face in her pillow and cried herself to sleep.[Chapter 5] Chapter 5 Three days later, word had gotten around that Marty was caught in a romantic conundrum. \"It's gotta be Sonny,\" Putzie said as he and the other T-birds were lollygagging at the drive in, waiting for their movie, a creature feature, to start. \"Sorry Bill, but Marty's got more experience with him, and people tend to stick with what, and who, they know.\" \"You got a good point, Putz,\" said Kenicke, \"but I'm with Bill on this one. Have you seen the way they look at each other, for God's sake? Even odds she picks the Kraut.\" \"What's going on here?\" Rizzo asked, walking up to the group. \"We're…\" Danny started, but seeing Marty, he held his tongue. \"They're arguing over who you're gonna go with,\" Sonny muttered in embarrassment. \"Ja,\" said Wilhelm. He shuddered. \"Danny here's taking bets.\" \"What do you…\" Marty gasped, whirling on her heels. \"Rizz!\" she cried indignantly. \"What?\" Rizzo said, cocking her head. \"Oh don't play stupid with me, you weren't supposed to tell anybody!\" \"Hey, I just figured I'd spice things up a bit.\" \"You wanna spice things up, Rizzo?\" Marty said. \"Good. Shove hot peppers in your mouth and shut up!\" Marty stormed off, and the T-birds let out a collective \"Ooooooh…\" \"Wow, you really screwed up this time, Rizz,\" said Kenicke. \"Go talk to her.\" \"Wh… what?!\" \"Yeah, Rizzo!\" Frenchy exclaimed. \"What the hell?!\" \"Come on, I thought it might be fun to make things interesting.\" \" Interesting ?!\" thundered Wilhelm. \" Bloody interesting ?! I don't mind that you embarrassed Sonny. Damn it I don't even mind that you embarrassed me . But embarrassing Marty ?! That , Fraulein Rizzo, if where I draw the line in the dust !\" By this time, Sonny had left the scene. He was better than that German headache Wilhelm! He walked over to Marty, who was sobbing into the Pink Ladies' car. \"Shouldn't have told Rizzo,\" he said ruefully. \"That was your one mistake.\" \"Rizzo is a bitch and I hate her!\" Marty said thickly. \"I know,\" said Sonny, \"but look… at least I'm not jumping up and down going 'Pick me! Pick me!' 'Course, to Wilhelm's credit, neither is he.\" \"It's such a hard choice… I know either way, someone's heart is gonna break and… there's nothing I can do about that.\" \"True,\" said Sonny, shrugging. \"We all think Rizzo was outta line.\" \"For once, Herr la Tierri,\" said a voice behind Marty. \"I agree with you.\" \"Get outta here,\" Sonny growled. Wilhelm scoffed. \"Extend the olive branch, get the gauntlet,\" he quipped. \"Go!\" Wilhelm left, deciding to concede this round to Sonny. There was, after all, no point in raising a public scene. He returned to his car just in time for the movie, and started to work on his popcorn. A few minutes later, he heard a tap on his window. Startled, he turned towards the disturbance. When he saw who it was, he allowed himself a weak smile. \"Oh,\" he said. \"Frenchy, hey, what's up?\" \"Hey, there's not a… oh!\" She beamed. \"You didn't tell me your car had an automatic transmission!\" \"It does indeed,\" said Wilhelm. \"No stick, no problem, just drive on.\" The rest of the movie played, and Wilhelm smiled. \"So what did you think?\" \"It was alright,\" said Wilhelm, shrugging. \"What's the matter?\" Frenchy asked, concerned. \"Oh… is it Marty?\" Wilhelm sighed. \"Ja,\" he said. \"This whole thing with Rizzo makes it even worse for me.\" \"Well, just between you and me,\" Frenchy said softly, smiling. \"I think she's gonna pick you.\" \"She might,\" said Wilhelm, \"but what if she doesn't? It's her choice, after all.\" \"If she doesn't, there are plenty of fish in the sea,\" Frenchy said brightly. \"The only problem with that is, well… I'm particularly attached to the one I'm trying to catch.\" \"Well, yeah… that does tend to be an issue.\" \"If I have to let her go, I will… but I'd do it under strong protest.\" Wilhelm sighed. \"This isn't just a summer fling, Frenchy.\" \"Wait…\" Frenchy leaned closer, cocking her head. \"You… you love her?\" Wilhelm nodded. \"Of course I do,\" he said. \"How can I not? She's just like me. Sophisticated, cultured… smart, even. She and I go on and on about history all the time.\" Frenchy gasped, pulling back slightly, mouth open in surprise. \"Oh, Wilhelm!\" she said softly. \"Why… why didn't you tell her?\" \"I was going to, but… but Sonny stepped in and, well… until the issue's resolved, I can't do anything.\" \"Wilhelm Schwartz,\" said Frenchy sternly, crossing her arms. \"I'm a girl. So trust me, I know how this works. You need to march right over to Marty and tell her how you feel!\" \"While I'm German, and therefore march all the time,\" Wilhelm said with a smirk, \"Not sure now would be a good time to…\" \"A good time to what?\" \"Oh! Hello there, Marty,\" said Wilhelm. \"Ooh… you look angry.\" \"I am,\" said Marty, \"but not at you. I'm mad at Rizzo. Look… can I sit with you?\" \"Sure.\" Wilhelm opened the door and Marty took the front seat. Marty ran her hands through her hair and sighed. \"My head hurts,\" she muttered. \"It's this… thing with me and Sonny, isn't it?\" \"Yeah,\" Marty said. \"I just… I don't know what to do. One of your hearts will break, and… I don't want to break anyone's heart.\" \"It's your decision,\" said Wilhelm softly. \"I can't influence it one way or the other. All I can say is it feels like I'm on top, and then Sonny's on top, and then the cycle starts all over again.\" \"I know,\" said Marty thickly, tears falling from her eyes. Wilhelm wrapped his arm around Marty's shoulder and took her hand. \"Whatever happens,\" said Wilhelm, \"I completely respect your decision.\" He stroked her cheek, wiping away her tears. Marty opened her mouth to speak, but let out a shaky sigh instead. Wilhelm held her close, rocking her gently. \"I don't know what to do,\" Marty sobbed, her body trembling. Wilhelm stroked her hair. \"Shhhhh… hey…\" he whispered softly. \"No tears, Liebschen.\" Marty continued crying, holding onto Wilhelm as if he was the only real thing in the world. \"I don't… I don't want… to hurt you, or sonny… or anyone! But… but…\" \"But a choice has to be made, I understand,\" said Wilhelm. \"One of us has to go. It's… it's a necessary evil.\" Marty nodded. \"I know,\" she said thickly. \"But that doesn't mean I want to.\" Wilhelm smiled. \"Whoever you choose to be with, and whatever happens,\" he said softly, \"I want you to remember something.\" Marty sniffled. \"Yeah?\" \"I want you to remember that no matter what happens, and no matter what decisions you make…\" He smiled, looking into her eyes, and said very softly… \"I love you.\"[Chapter 6] Chapter 6 Marty cuddled into Wilhelm and sniffled again. \"I know,\" she said thickly. \"Somehow, I… I've always known.\" She sighed. \"I'm putting you through so much,\" she sobbed. \"I'm…\" \"Shhhh…\" Wilhelm whispered. \"W…What if I go with Sonny and… and you don't find anyone? What if I go with you and Sonny doesn't find someone else? Whoever I don't go with, I… I want them to…\" \"Don't think about that now,\" Wilhelm said softly. \"All that matters is here, and now. Now, let's see if I can find a little music, hmmm?\" Wilhelm picked out a record and smiled. \"Ooh… here's a good one from my uncle in West Germany.\" He put it in, and smiled as the music started. A slow melody began, and a woman's voice started singing, slowly. Ich weiß nicht, was soll es bedeuten, Daß ich so traurig bin, Ein Märchen aus uralten Zeiten, Das kommt mir nicht aus dem Sinn. Die Luft ist kühl und es dunkelt, Und ruhig fließt der Rhein; Der Gipfel des Berges funkelt, Im Abendsonnenschein. Die schönste Jungfrau sitzet Dort oben wunderbar, Ihr gold'nes Geschmeide blitzet, Sie kämmt ihr goldenes Haar, Sie kämmt es mit goldenem Kamme, Und singt ein Lied dabei; Das hat eine wundersame, Gewalt'ge Melodei. Den Schiffer im kleinen Schiffe, Ergreift es mit wildem Weh; Er schaut nicht die Felsenriffe, Er schaut nur hinauf in die Höh. Ich glaube, die Wellen verschlingen Am Ende Schiffer und Kahn, Und das hat mit ihrem Singen, Die Loreley getan. Marty couldn't understand the words, but enjoyed the music, smiling as Wilhelm rocked her in time to the music. \"Don't leave me, Wilhelm,\" she whispered, closing her eyes. \"Never leave me.\" Wilhelm smiled, kissing Marty's forehead softly. \"I never will,\" he said softly. \"I know… that song's about a siren who lures sailors to their deaths but… well I chose it because of the tune, not the words. Here, let me put on something a bit better.\" Marty nodded as Wilhelm put in another record. This time, the intermezzo from Cavalleria Rusticana began to play. Marty closed her eyes again, sighing contently. She felt safe in Wilhelm's arms, like nothing could harm her. She felt unconditional love, and she genuinely believed that there wasn't a thing that could come between them. Wilhelm planted little kisses where Marty's tears were falling and smiled. \"Hmmm… why do I get the feeling Sonny's going to come and mess this all up?\" he muttered. Marty smiled gently. \"There's not a thing in the world that could mess this up,\" she whispered. Wilhelm gently caressed Marty's spine and smiled back. \"I love you,\" he said softly. \"So much.\" Marty hummed contently. \"Just hold me for now, Wilhelm,\" she murmured. She buried her head in his chest and whispered, \"Just hold me.\" It was over in about an hour, and Marty looked up, smiling. \"My friends will kill me if I'm gone too long,\" she said. Wilhelm pulled back, smiling in return. \"You're probably right,\" he said resignedly. \"But you mark me. Sometime, I'd like to take you back to this drive-in and watch something with you.\" \"Sounds like a plan,\" Marty said, getting out of Wilhelm's car. \"God I hate when I have to leave you.\" \"Well you know what Shakespeare says, 'Parting is such sweet sorrow.' \"That I shall say good night 'til the morrow,\" Marty replied brightly. \"Ja,\" said Wilhelm, smiling. \"Go see your friends, and give them my regards.\" \"Oh there's Marty,\" said Rizzo. \"Look alive, people.\" Marty nodded. \"Hey Rizz,\" she said casually. Frenchy smiled broadly. \"Well don't we look happy!\" she said cheerfully. \"She's probably thinking about Wilhelm again,\" said Jan. \"Frankly, I think he's kinda cute,\" said Rizzo. \"He's outta my league, but give a guy some credit.\" \"Guys, I…\" Marty smiled brightly. \"Think of the most comfortable bed you've slept in, ever.\" \"Yeah?\" Jan said, leaning in. \"Then multiply it by a hundred.\" Marty leaned on the pink car that was the Pink Ladies' vehicle of choice and closed her eyes. \"That's… that's what it feels like when he holds me,\" she said softly. Frenchy gasped, smiling. \"Marty!\" she exclaimed. \"You're… you're not…\" \"I…\" Marty sighed dreamily. \"I think I'm in love with him.\" Jan and Frenchy squealed excitedly. Rizzo nodded and said, \"Caught your fish, have you?\" \"He told me he loves me.\" Frenchy ran over to Marty, hugging her tightly. \"This is so exciting!\" she tittered. \"Did you tell him you love him back? You better have!\" \"Well… I was upset over being embarrassed, and heartbroken at what the guy I chose not to go with would think, so… I wasn't ready at the time, but… I think I might be.\" \"Nick knack, the Kaiser's back!\" proclaimed Kenicke as Wilhelm returned to the other T-birds. \"He is indeed,\" said Wilhelm, \"and he is thinking very seriously about a certain lady.\" \"Marty?\" Sonny said. \"What did she say?\" \"Honestly,\" Wilhelm replied, \"she hasn't made her decision yet.\" Sonny looked a bit crestfallen. \"However…\" Wilhelm held up a finger. \"She did say that if she went with me, she'd feel genuinely sad for you. She wants the person she doesn't go with to find someone else, it would seem, because she said the same thing about me.\" Sonny smiled. \"Yeah, I can see her saying that,\" he said, nodding. \"She's very caring.\" \"She is,\" said Wilhelm. \"At least we agree on one thing.\" \"Yeah, what's that?\" \"We both love the same woman.\" Sonny's mouth hung open. \"You… love Marty?\" \"Of course I do,\" he said. \"What's not to love about her? She's smart, mature, cultured… caring. To say nothing of how she looks!\" \"Yeah, true,\" said Sonny. \"But she's gonna stick with what she knows.\" \"Ach du lieber Scheisse, I am not having this conversation,\" Wilhelm said with a groan. \"Sonny, Bill,\" Danny said, \"be cool, huh? Don't make a scene.\" Wilhelm shrugged, and Sonny sighed. Wilhelm returned to his car, driving home. \"Auf Wiedersehen, Shceisskopfs,\" he said. \"Shut up, Bill,\" Doody said playfully. \"Get outta here.\" \"Miss Maraschino, you are late .\" Vincenzo looked at his daughter sternly. \"I know,\" she said. \"Rizzo spread my dilemma around, and I ended up crying. Sonny and I talked for a while, and then Wilhelm showed up. Sonny yelled at him a bit, so he left.\" \"Ah,\" said Vincenzo. \"Then I went over to Wilhelm's car. We didn't do anything tawdry… he comforted me as I cried and told him all about this hard choice I've got to make.\" \"Oh… so you're late because you were upset, and had to be talked down?\" \"Pretty much,\" said Marty. \"Understandable,\" said Marty's mother. \"But you've got to make a choice sooner or later.\" Marty nodded, smiling, and went up to her room. When she got there, she changed into her nightgown and sat on her bed, slipping a locket around her neck. Wilhelm had given her this locket earlier in the summer. It was gold and heart-shaped, and hung from a silver chain. Inside was a small picture of her and Wilhelm together on the beach. She put her rollers in her hair and next grabbed a photo of Wilhelm leaning against his car which he was so proud of. She lay back, covered herself up, and hugged the picture to her heart, over her locket, sighing dreamily. She closed her eyes, her head lolling to the side. \"Oh, Wilhelm…\" she said dreamily, blushing as she drifted off to sleep.[Chapter 7] A.N. There were indeed record players for cars in the 1950's. Google \"Car Record Player\" and you'll see what I mean. Anyway, without further ado, here's… Chapter 7 It was now the beginning of August, three weeks after Sonny and Marty had spoken at the Frosty palace, and both Sonny and Wilhelm were sitting in one of its booths, across from Marty. \"Guys, I… I think it's time for me to make a choice,\" she said. Wilhelm nodded. \"As you like it,\" he said. \"G… Go ahead, Marty,\" Sonny said, nervous. Marty took a deep breath, a tear rolling down her face as she closed her eyes. \"I… I'm going to have to go with Wilhelm,\" she said softly. Wilhelm felt the joy of a thousand soldiers who'd just won a decisive battle! His heart leapt, and it was all he could do to not let a relieved laugh escape him. Instead, he smiled. Marty smiled back. \"Sonny, I…\" she said. \"I'm sorry but…\" Sonny felt sad, betrayed, and angry at the same time. He couldn't believe this! \"I… I think I understand,\" he said sadly. Damn Wilhelm for this. Damn him! He was fuming. But he managed to master himself. \"There are plenty of girls out there,\" said Wilhelm. Sonny sighed and nodded. \"I… I need to go,\" he said, getting up to leave. Marty sighed. \"Had to be done,\" she said. \"Ja,\" said Wilhelm regretfully. \"A shame, but still.\" Marty moved to Wilhelm's side of the booth and smiled as he took her hand. \"I love you,\" she said softly. She laid her head on his shoulder. \"You know I love you.\" \"I love you too, Liebchen,\" said Wilhelm gently. \"Of course I do.\" \"At first I didn't know what I was gonna do, but… that night, at the drive-in… when I was so upset, and my heart was so broken… and you held me so tenderly and… and said such sweet things to me, I… I knew.\" She smiled and sighed happily. \"I knew,\" she whispered softly. \"Hey Schwartz!\" a voice said. \"You gonna order… woah ! Wait a minute Bill. You and... you and Marty ?!\" \"Ja, me and Marty,\" Wilhelm replied. \"The debacle that is the Sonny versus Wilhelm debate is over.\" \"The guys will never believe this! Hey Zuko !\" Danny walked in with Kenicke and Doody. \"Yeah?\" \"Get a load of Kaiser Wilhelm over here. Looks like Marty's gone with him !\" \"Oh I knew it all along,\" said Kenicke, holding out his hand and clearing his throat. Putzie handed Kenicke some money, and so did Doody. \" Thank you!\" Kenicke said brightly. \"Did you have to take bets, Danny?\" Wilhelm said. \"Come on.\" \"Well somebody's gotta make it interesting!\" \"I don't know… what do you think, Marty?\" Marty shrugged. \"That's T-bird business,\" she said, \"and I wasn't a T-bird last I looked. I mean hell, Rizzo was taking bets too.\" \"I never would have thought it of her!\" Wilhelm said, his voice dripping with sarcasm. \"Shall we ditch these dummkopfs?\" \"I don't wanna let go of you,\" Marty mumbled. \"Don't you leave.\" \"Don't you leave, Wilhelm!\" Kenicke said in a dramatic falsetto voice, making kissing noises. \"Wherefore art thou, Wilhelm? Have my babies, Wilhelm!\" \"Shut up, damn it,\" Wilhelm growled playfully. \"Ja, I want children, but certainly not in high school .\" Marty nodded in agreement. \"Yeah,\" she said softly. \"Let's go somewhere else, hmmm?\" The two left and quickly hopped into Wilhelm's car. \"Where to, Schatzi?\" \"Somewhere quieter than here,\" Marty replied. When Wilhelm reached a suitable place, he turned the car off and leaned back. \"Is this quiet enough?\" he asked. Marty nodded and looked into Wilhelm's eyes. \"I know it was hard,\" she said sympathetically. Wilhelm leaned in. \"These things happen, Liebling,\" he said gently, caressing her cheek. \"Play the song again, Wilhelm,\" she said longingly. \"Like you did at the drive-in.\" Wilhelm slipped the record into his record player, and the song played, soft and slow, once again. Their lips met in a deep, loving kiss as the music played… their first kiss. Wilhelm's lips diverted to Marty's jawline and neck, and she tilted her head back, breathing heavily and letting out soft, happy moans as Wilhelm's breath caressed her skin. \"I can't live without you,\" he whispered. \"I swear I can't…\" As Wilhelm kissed Marty's shoulder and trailed his kisses back to her lips, Marty felt her heart racing. \"I love you…\" she whispered softly, running her hands through his hair. \"I love you…\" Wilhelm and Marty continued kissing a few minutes after the song ended, and when it was over, Wilhelm smiled, taking off the class ring he'd gotten at the end of his junior year. \"You and I have been through a good deal together, most notably that… well, debacle with Sonny,\" he said. \"How would you like to tackle our senior year together and… who knows? Perhaps go even further beyond that?\" Marty's mouth opened in surprise. \"Are you… asking me to go steady?\" she gasped. Wilhelm nodded. \"I wouldn't have it any other way.\" Marty gave Wilhelm a peck on the lips as his class ring was slipped onto her finger. \"Tell you what I'll do,\" said Wilhelm. \"I'll order a copy in your ring size. That way we can both wear rings, ja?\" Marty smiled. \"It's a good idea,\" she said. Sonny, meanwhile, wasn't having the least bit of fun. \"I don't get it,\" he said to himself. \"For God's sake. Wilhelm? She chose Wilhelm ?\" He was still at the frosty palace, playing with the straw in his milkshake. \"Cheer up, Sonny,\" said Danny. \"There are other girls.\" \"I know, but… damn it I can't believe this.\" He sighed. \"She's gone.\" \"You'll find someone else,\" said Putzie. \"You just gotta do what you did to get Marty's attention, that's all.\" The others left, and Sonny sighed and made the attempt to drink his milkshake. A few minutes later, Sonny had finished his drink, and his head was on the table, hidden by his folded arms. That was when a soft Southern drawl said. \"Hey… are you alright?\" Sonny looked up. \"Yeah,\" he said softly. \"Then… why are you crying?\"[Chapter 8] Chapter 8 Sonny's face contorted into a look of surprise. \"Wha… I'm not crying,\" he said defiantly. The girl, whose hair was blonde and teased, smiled. \"I know sad when I see it, honey,\" she said softly. \"My name's Kendra… Kendra Jackson. I moved here from Tennessee two years ago.\" Sonny cleared his throat. \"I'm… I'm Martin la Tierri,\" he said, \"but everyone calls me Sonny. Say… isn't your boyfriend one of the Scorpions?\" \"Not anymore,\" said Kendra. \"I ditched him.\" \"Smart move,\" said Sonny. \"Those Scorpions, they're nasty people.\" \"I know,\" said Kendra. \"Mind if I sit?\" \"Please do,\" said Sonny invitingly. Kendra sat down. \"So… why are you so upset, Sonny?\" she asked softly. \"My girlfriend left me for someone else.\" Kendra gasped, sympathy in her eyes. \"Oh, honey ,\" she said softly. \"Yeah, and the worst part of it is, she left me for a friend of mine. His name's Wilhelm Schwartz.\" \"Oh! Is he that German guy?\" \"Yeah.\" \"Ain't he a bit nerdy for a T-bird?\" \"Yeah, but a gang's gotta have brains,\" Sonny said. \"Besides which, the guy works on cars for kicks, which would technically make him one of ours. Need a light?\" \"Oh, no thanks,\" said Kendra. \"I don't smoke.\" She leaned forward. \"I know it's hard,\" she said gently. \"I know it hurts.\" \"Yeah,\" Sonny muttered. \"But… if you need someone to talk to, I'm here, okay?\" Sonny smiled. \"Thanks, Kendra,\" he said. \"And if you need to vent, I'm here too. It's only fair.\" \"Are you gonna have somethin'?\" Kendra asked. Sonny smiled. \"I already had something,\" he said. \"Ah… want a shake?\" \"Sure.\" Sonny went up to the counter, ordering a strawberry milkshake, and sat back down. \"I come here a lot,\" said Sonny. \"Usually when I need to think, or when I'm hanging out with the guys.\" \"I come here too,\" she said, \"but my mean ol' ex-boyfriend does as well. That's a problem because, ah…\" She looked around. \"He used to hit me.\" Sonny froze. \"He used to what ?\" Kendra hung her head. \"Yeah…\" \"And what's this dead man's name?\" \"Vito Falcerone.\" \"Vito Falcerone,\" Sonny repeated. \"I'll remember that.\" About two hours later, Sonny was enjoying a cigarette in back of the Frosty palace when he saw what could only be an unconscious body on the ground. He ran over to it and gasped. \"K- Kendra?!\" he exclaimed. He gently turned her over, and she groaned weakly. \"Kendra,\" said Sonny softly, scooping her up into his arms. He stroked her cheek. \"Hey…\" Kendra opened her eyes, groaning again. \"Sonny…?\" she said weakly. \"That's right,\" he said softly. The other T-birds showed up in Danny's car, laughing and joking around. \"So then my father says to me,\" Wilhelm said over the laughter, \"Damn it Wilhelm, I don't want grandchildren yet !\" The T-birds all laughed, and Wilhelm cocked his head. \"Wait a second… isn't that Sonny? What's he… O mein Gott !\" He ran over and came to an abrupt stop. \"What's this?!\" he exclaimed. \"Call an ambulance!\" Sonny cried. \"She's been hurt!\" \"What's her name?\" \"I… It's Kendra. Kendra Jackson. We met in the…\" \"Explain later,\" Wilhelm said quickly, dashing into the Frosty Palace. \"Kendra,\" sonny said gently, \"I need you to stay awake for me.\" Kendra gasped softly. \"Look at me, sweetheart,\" Sonny said. \"That's right, don't close your eyes!\" Kendra cupped Sonny's face in her hand. \"Thank… you…\" she whispered weakly. \"You're doin' great, Kendra,\" Sonny said, stroking her hair. \"They're almost here, sweetheart.\" Sirens could be heard getting closer. \"D… Don't leave… me…\" Kendra groaned. When the ambulance arrived, the paramedics rushed to put her on a gurney. \"She doesn't want me to leave her,\" Sonny said. \"I'm a friend of hers.\" \"Alright,\" said a paramedic. \"Go ahead.\" As Sonny climbed into the ambulance, Wilhelm spoke up. \"Where are you taking her?\" \"Saint Damien's,\" another paramedic replied. The Pink Ladies, who had followed the T-birds in their own pink car, arrived on the scene, rushing to the T-birds as Frenchy gasped. \"What happened?\" Marty gasped. \"Where's Sonny? I saw an ambulance leave and… Wilhelm Schwartz !\" \"What, what did I do?\" Marty crossed her arms. \"Did you beat up Sonny again?!\" \"Nein,\" said Wilhelm. \"Sonny came across an unconscious girl whose name is evidently Kendra. I called the ambulance. Sonny's fine.\" \"Oh,\" said Marty. \"Well.\" \"I can vouch for Bill,\" said Danny. \"Oh, I believe him,\" said Marty. \"I just thought he and Sonny got into a fight, and I suppose I thought wrong.\" In the hospital, Sonny anxiously waited for about two hours before a doctor appeared. \"Well,\" Sonny said, \"how is she?\" The doctor smiled. \"Miss Jackson will be alright,\" he said. \"She suffered a concussion, and a few bruised ribs, but she'll make a full recovery. Feel free to visit her in three days.\" Sonny nodded. \"Alright,\" he said, his worry abated as he left. \"Tell her I said get well soon.\" \"Will do, Mr. la Tierri,\" said the doctor. Sonny walked outside and found the others waiting for him. \"She'll be okay,\" he said. \"I just hope that ex-boyfriend of hers doesn't come looking for her.\" Wilhelm and Marty got into Wilhelm's BMW and headed towards her house. When they arrived, Vincenzo greeted them. \"Bill Schwartz!\" he said happily. \"To what do I owe the pleasure?\" \"Just taking your daughter home after a bit of a hectic night. My friend found an unconscious girl in the back of the Frosty Palace, and we had to get her to a doctor.\" \"Hey, at least you're not late this time,\" Marty's mother called out. \"Oh. Please, come in Wilhelm. You look a bit tense.\" Wilhelm entered the house and sat in a cushioned chair in the living room. \"Have you eaten?\" \"Not since lunch,\" he admitted, \"but you don't have to go out of your…\" \"Oh, that's awful !\" Marty's mother said. \"Here. Have this.\" A few moments later, Wilhelm was presented with a plate of spaghetti. \"Let me call my father and explain to him where I am,\" he said. \"Sure thing, Bill,\" said Vincenzo. Wilhelm located a phone, dialed his father, and cleared his throat. As the two conversed in their native German, Wilhelm relayed his story. When the conversation was over, he hung up. \"He appreciates that I called him,\" said Wilhelm, \"and sends you his regards.\" As Wilhelm ate, he heard Marty and her parents talking. \"That Wilhelm's a standup guy, and I like him,\" said Vincenzo. \"You picked yourself a good one.\" \"I understand he wants to be a lawyer, and will probably make a good amount of money,\" asid Marty's mother, \"but honestly… what's wrong with a nice Italian boy?\" \"Mother!\" Marty cried indignantly. \"Well think about it. You won't have to give up your culture.\" \"Going with a German doesn't mean I have to sacrifice my heritage,\" Marty said in shock. \"What are we in the pocket of the Rigatoni Crime Family?\" \"Martina Helena Maraschino!\" Marty's mother cried. \"No! Don't Martina Helena Maraschino me! He's my boyfriend and I love him! So what if he's not Italian? For all I care he could be Russian !\" Marty's mother gasped. \" Martina !\" \"I don't care what you say!\" Marty cried, \"and I don't care what you think!\" \"Well, that's the end of my involvement in this conversation,\" said Vincenzo. \"Marty, be nice to your mother.\" \"I like Wilhelm,\" said Marty's mother, \"but I honestly liked Sonny better. At least he was Italian.\" \"So you don't care!\" Marty gasped. \"I could be going with a wife-beating adulterer who has no money! Oh but he's Italian !\" \"Marty, that's not what I… Oh! Wilhelm, hello!\" \"The spaghetti was exemplary, Frau Maraschino,\" said Wilhelm. \"But I fear it's time for me to go. I'd hate to get embroiled in family fights. I love your daughter very much… even if I'm not the Italian Adonis you wish me to be.\" Marty's mouth hung open in shock. \"What have you done ?\" she gasped. \"I'll be seeing Marty soon, I hope. Auf Wiedersehen.\" Wilhelm left, driving away. \"Sorry you had to hear that, Wilhelm.\" \"Eh, families argue, what can you do?\" \"I think I upset him.\" \"You think?\" Marty said angrily. \"You think you upset him?! That's it?!\" \"Marty, I just would prefer…\" \"I don't care!\" Marty cried. \"I don't give a damn what you'd prefer!\" \"Marty, please…\" Marty stepped back. \"I…\" she said sadly, \" hate you.\" \"Marty…\" Her mother cupped her face in her hand. \"No! Don't you touch me !\" Marty ran into her room, crying, and slammed the door. \"Helena, I think you've upset her. I hate to say it, but… I'm on Marty's side on this one. The guy's not Italian. So what?\" \"I'd just rather she…\" Helena sighed. \"I know, but love doesn't work that way. They love each other, Helena, you can't just ignore that.\" \"I know… but still…\" \"Marty told us all about what they've done together, and… you're going to ignore that because he's not Italian?\" Helena sighed. \"No… I'm not,\" she said resignedly. \"I suppose I can't punish her for… being right.\" \"Exactly,\" said Vincenzo. \"She'll feel better in a few days, tops. Come on… let's go to bed.\"[Chapter 9] Chapter 9 A week after the incident at the Frosty Palace, it was Marty's birthday. The party at her house was a mixed bag. Of course, Wilhelm had been invited, and was there as well. Marty was now opening gifts, but Wilhelm's mind was elsewhere. He sighed as he thought of the many pen-pals Marty had. He realized that this was what had broken her and Sonny up, but Wilhelm was still worried. He couldn't think about that now, though. Marty was opening Wilhelm's gift. As Marty opened it, she gasped. A wide smile spread across her face. It was a musical jewelry box, made of oak wood which was painted red, and sporting a large garnet in the center of the lid, in a silver setting. She opened it, and when she did, it played the song which Wilhelm had played for her in his car, that night at the drive in. Marty hugged the box to her chest and sighed, a smile on her lips. Frenchy, who was next to Marty, smiled. \"He loves you, Marty,\" she said softly. \"I know,\" Marty replied, just as softly. \"I know.\" \"And this one's from Freddy,\" Helena chimed On and on it went, with Wilhelm unable to help but feel a stabbing pain in his chest as Marty got gifts from men he didn't even recognize. He sighed as the gift-opening ended. He was having a good time, but something inside of him wanted to know why these strange men were doing this. Marty walked up to Wilhelm, beaming. \"I love that jewelry box!\" she said happily. \"Thank you! I…\" She cocked her head. \"Wilhelm, what's wrong?\" Wilhelm sighed as the other guests went to eat their lunches. \"You've… got plenty of men sending you presents, haven't you?\" he asked, pain in his voice. \"Oh Wilhelm,\" Marty said tenderly, holding him close. \"It's not… no.\" She shook her head against his chest. \"No, no. I'd never .\" \"I'm sorry I'm not an older man,\" Wilhelm said. \"I… I know you like mature men… older men, and…\" \"Don't go,\" said Marty pleadingly. She looked into his eyes and leaned in. \"Stay…\" she pleaded, planting little kisses on his face. \"Stay… stay…\" She brushed her lips against his. \"Stay,\" she whispered softly, kissing him gently. Wilhelm returned the kiss, stroking Marty's hair lovingly. \"I just… all those pen-pals, they…\" He sighed. \"They have me on edge. They're older men. Military men, some of them.\" Marty and Wilhelm sat on the sofa in the living room. \"I knew this would come up,\" she said. \"Wilhelm, they… they send me gifts because they care , not because I'm going with them. I've even written them, telling them what a wonderful man I have. Of course I still want them to contact me. We're friends .\" Wilhelm smiled. \"I think I understand,\" he said softly. \"You've got friends who you write to, and who send you gifts. As long as they're just friends, I… suppose I'm not worried.\" \"Please don't go,\" Marty said tenderly, holding Wilhelm's hands. She buried her head in his chest. \"I love you, Wilhelm.\" Wilhelm smiled, rocking Marty gently. \"I love you too,\" he whispered. \"I could never leave you… not in a million years.\" \"No one's gonna take me from you, Wilhelm,\" Marty said softly, closing her eyes. She shook her head against his chest. \"No one. Never. You don't need to be far away, or in the military. I love you.\" Helena walked in on the scene and cleared her throat. \"Ach!\" Wilhelm said suddenly, pulling away. \"Sorry!\" \"You've got nothing to apologize for,\" said Helena. \"That reminds me,\" said Wilhelm. \"Why would you rather my Liebchen go with an Italian boy?\" \"I just want to keep it in the culture,\" said Helena. \"I guess I prefer Italians because we tend to think alike , honestly. I don't mind that she's with you, in fact I like you.\" \"You just have your preferences,\" said Wilhelm. \"I understand. My mother wanted me to date a German girl, but I suppose God had other plans, ja?\" \"So you're Christian?\" Helena said. \"Lutheran,\" replied Wilhelm. \"But ja, Lutherans are Christians.\" \"Well enough of that, I think,\" said Helena. \"We should be talking about the party, not religion! Food's on, by the way.\" As Wilhelm and Marty ate, Sonny and Kendra walked up to the group. \"Oh, look!\" Kendra said. \"Isn't that Wilhelm Schwartz?\" Wilhelm stood, clicked his heels, and bowed. \"Your humble servant, Fraulein Jackson,\" Wilhelm said. \"Oh ain't we a charmer?\" Kendra said, giggling. Sonny chuckled. \"That's just Bill,\" he said. \"Don't tell me you've got a crush on the guy.\" Kendra embraced Sonny, smiling. \"Oh, no one's gonna steal me , sugar,\" she said. \"You realize you're under T-bird protection, right?\" Sonny said. \"That means no one's gonna hurt you anymore if we've got a say in it.\" \"And believe me,\" said Wilhelm. \"We generally have a say.\" \"Hey there.\" A man in an army service dress uniform had walked in on the scene. Wilhelm stood. \"Guten Tag, mein Herr,\" he said. \"A man in uniform I see. Thank you for your service.\" \"You're quite welcome!\" the man replied. \"The name's Freddy.\" The two men shook hands. \"I am Wilhelm Schwartz,\" Wilhelm replied. \"Oh so you're the lucky guy!\" \"Jawohl,\" Wilhelm replied with a nod. \"The luckiest in the world. Were you aiming to dance with her later?\" \"Woah, woah,\" said Freddy. \"She's your girl. I'd never infringe on that.\" \"Hey now!\" Wilhelm chuckled. \"It's only dancing after dinner! It's not like you're going to give her a long, sweet kiss!\" Marty smiled. \"Are you saying you'll let me dance with other guys?\" \"Marty mein Liebe,\" said Wilhelm softly. \"Do you really think I'd not let you see your friends, hmmm?\" \"Ah, well you're a real standup guy, Bill… you like Bill?\" \"Bill's fine, Freddy\" said Wilhelm good-naturedly. \"All my friends call me that, and any friend of Marty's is a friend of mine.\" \"Funny as it may seem, I know a Marty Higgins,\" said Freddy. \"He's my commanding officer.\" \"Hah! That is a bit of a laugh,\" said Wilhelm. \"One's a girl you like, and the other's someone who, if you call him sweetheart, he decks you!\" Freddy let out a guffaw. \"Hey! I guess you're right! Well… G.I. Fred's gonna go eat now, so… see you soon.\" Marty and Wilhelm were alone soon, and the others were mingling in the backyard. Marty cuddled into Wilhelm and closed her eyes, letting out a soft, content hum. \"Shouldn't you be mingling with the others?\" Wilhelm asked softly. \"It's your day, after all.\" \"I guess,\" said Marty, \"but you're comfy.\" Marty did indeed begin to mingle again, but it took her a few more minutes. Meanwhile, Wilhelm struck up a few conversations with some of the other guests. After a good two hours of mingling, a steak dinner was had with mashed potatoes and gravy and broccoli. Dinner was eaten with the guests all together in the dining room, and afterwards came some dancing. Wilhelm mostly danced with Marty, who also danced with a few of her pen pals who were in attendance. For the last dance, Marty and Wilhelm danced together. He led her outside and they held each other close, dancing under the moon and stars to music they could no longer hear. Marty closed her eyes, sighing happily. She nuzzled into his chest and started to softly sing. \"In the still of the night I held you, held you tight 'Cause I love, love you so Promise I'll never let you go In the still of the night I remember that night in May The stars were bright above I'll hope and I'll pray To keep your precious love Well before the light Hold me again with all of your might In the still of the night So before the light Hold me again with all of your might In the still of the night (In the still of the night) In the still of the night…\" Wilhelm started to gently rock Marty in time to her song, smiling. He kissed her forehead, and when she was done, continued holding her. Before long, the party was over. \"I don't want you to go,\" Marty said, smiling. \"Unfortunately, my father will kill me if I don't come home,\" said Wilhelm. \"You know how it is.\" Marty nodded. \"I know,\" she said softly. \"I know.\" When Wilhelm got home, still feeling Marty's embrace and smelling her cherry perfume, and got around to going to bed, he had good dreams that night.[Chapter 10] Chapter 10 \"Hello Marty!\" A smiling Wilhelm had just walked into the Frosty palace, three days after the party. \"And how are you?\" Marty was sitting in a booth, her arms crossed. All she said was, \"Why.\" Wilhelm stopped dead. \"Why what? What's the matter?\" \"You!\" she cried. \" I'm the matter?\" Wilhelm said, surprised. He sighed. \"Alright,\" he said evenly. \"What's the problem?\" \"You and… and her ?!\" Marty cried, spreading her arms out. \"Wilhelm, what were you doing with Frenchy? You and Frenchy ?! Really?\" \"We were eating lunch with Doody yesterday,\" Wilhelm said. \"He'd gotten up to use the men's room when you came in.\" \"You can't be cheating on me!\" she cried incredulously. \"I thought we loved each other!\" \"I'm not,\" said Wilhelm, \"and we do!\" \"Then why ?!\" \"Doody thought it would be a good idea for the three of us to have lunch together,\" said Wilhelm. He thought it might be a good idea to interact more with your friends. Frenchy knows you and I are together!\" \"Oh she does , does she?\" Marty said. \"I'll tell you the same thing you told me about your pen pals,\" Wilhelm said evenly. \"Yes, I know a few other girls, but I'm not dating them, for God's sake!\" \"The only difference is those girls are closer . You don't have the excuse of having some distant friend in Korea!\" \"Nein,\" agreed Wilhelm in an even voice, \"but at least the other Pink Ladies don't send me love letters and jewelry.\" \"Oh!\" Marty cried indignantly, standing suddenly. \"Those aren't love letters !\" \"Then what do you call a letter that's under the guise of friendliness but comes in a box containing a cashmere sweater?\" Wilhelm asked, his tone still even. \"Friends send friends gifts! It's normal !\" \"Do they send gifts that cost upwards of fifty dollars?\" inquired Wilhelm, \"or is it some American thing I'm not familiar with?\" \"Hey, I have an idea,\" Marty said, \"since you're so intimately familiar with Germany, how about you go back there?\" \"Why don't I?\" thundered Wilhelm, slamming his fist on the table. Marty gasped, immediately aware she'd said something disastrously wrong. \"Then you'll be begging me for love letters and little German trinkets, won't you?! The further they are, and the older they are, the more you love it! How about I set you up with my grandfather in Dusseldorf ?!\" Marty shook her head, tears coming to her eyes. \"I… I don't…\" \"O-ho! What's this?\" Wilhelm picked up a piece of paper. \"Don't touch that!\" \"And why not? Besides the fact it's not my letter?\" \" Because it's going to Korea !\" \"Well unlike some people,\" Wilhelm thundered, slamming the letter down on the table, \" I know I'm not being philandered on!\" Marty was now having flashbacks to her argument with Sonny… the one that had broken them up. \"Wilhelm…\" she said thickly, shaking her head. \"So you can write to all the men you want , but God forbid I have a friendly lunch with some other girl with her boyfriend joining us ! Was zum Teufel!\" Wilhelm stormed out of the Frosty Palace, angrily muttering to himself in German. The next thing Marty heard was the squeal of tires on pavement, and Wilhelm's car driving off. Danny and the other T-birds had been watching the situation unfold. \"There he goes,\" said Kenicke gravely. The other Pink Ladies soon took Wilhelm's place in the parking lot, walking into the malt shop. Frenchy gasped. \"Oh, Marty !\" She ran over to her friend, who was at this point crying. \"Marty, what happened?\" Frenchy asked. \"Hold on a sec, wha… why are you cryin'?\" Marty just held onto Frenchy and sobbed. Jan ran over and ran her hand up and down Marty's back. \"What's wrong?\" she asked gently. Rizzo, who'd been there, done that, and seen this sort of thing already, walked over to Kenicke. Marty sniffled. \"W… Wilhelm and I just got into a huge fight,\" she said thickly. \"Ohhh…\" Frenchy cooed. \"Why?\" \"He… he had lunch with you yesterday, and… and I thought he was…\" \"Oh, Marty, no!\" Frenchy said gently. \"No… he'd never ! Doody was with me, even.\" \"I'm just so afraid that he might leave! Because.. because the argument Sonny and I had…\" \"He's not gonna leave you,\" Jan said softly. \"Wilhelm loves you. You know he loves you.\" Marty nodded. \"Yeah,\" she whispered. \"You'll be okay… I've gotten into fights with Doody. Not every fight has to end in a breakup.\" Marty nodded and sniffled. \"It can't have been worse than the fight with Sonny,\" Frenchy continued. Marty shook her head. \"It wasn't,\" she said thickly. \"But it still hurts.\" \"I bet Wilhelm's gonna cool off and at least call you,\" Jan said. Marty smiled through her tears. They may have been in a fight, but damn it, she still loved the hot-headed German! \"Come on, Marty,\" said Jan. \"Let's get you out of here.\" The Pink Ladies returned to their car with Marty and sped off towards Frenchy's house.[Chapter 11] Chapter 11 Three days had passed since the fight, and Wilhelm, no longer angry, was treating himself to a burger, fries, and a cherry milkshake at the Frosty Palace. His meal was interrupted by the sound of someone clearing their throat. Wilhelm turned his head. \"Ja?\" he said. Marty, who was the source of the noise, smiled gently… almost cautiously. \"You… don't mind if I sit, do you?\" Wilhelm moved over, patting the spot next to him. The relieved Marty sat down. \"Thanks,\" she said. \"I… I'm sorry, okay?\" Wilhelm smiled. \"You're fine,\" he said reassuringly. \"I just don't want you to think that Frenchy is trying to come between us.\" Marty shook her head and rested it on Wilhelm's shoulder. \"No one's gonna come between us, Wilhelm,\" she said softly, rubbing his back. \"Not Frenchy, not even Rizzo.\" She closed her eyes as Wilhelm wrapped his arm around her shoulder. \"People's attempts to come between us and… and misinterpreted situations,\" Wilhelm said softly, \"they don't even remotely matter.\" Marty hummed softly. \"Nothing matters but us,\" she said dreamily. \"And school, Liebschen,\" said Wilhelm. \"Don't forget school.\" Marty nodded. \"Of course,\" she said, \"but school's not for another two weeks.\" Wilhelm smiled and finished the last of his fries. To him, Marty was the most beautiful woman in the world. In her sleeveless red shirt and her white pedal pushers, she looked more enticing to Wilhelm than any movie star. Her dainty feet were graced with red wedges that Wilhelm had bought her. \"I am always,\" he said softly, gently taking her hand, \"going to be here for you, you know that?\" Marty smiled, blushing slightly. \"Yeah,\" she said softly. After the two had finished up, Wilhelm straightened himself. \"How did you get here?\" \"I walked,\" Marty admitted, \"all the way from my house, in these shoes.\" Wilhelm clicked his tongue a few times. \"Ohhh…\" he cooed. The two headed to Wilhelm's car, and Marty smiled gently. \"Can we… go somewhere quiet?\" she said softly. \"Won't you stay… just for a while?\" She took his hand. \"With me?\" The two drove off to a cliff overlooking town, and Wilhelm parked there. Marty kicked off her shoes and sighed. \"Ooooh…\" she groaned. \"It feels good to sit down.\" Wilhelm smiled gently. \"Let me see those poor things,\" he said tenderly. Marty placed her feet in Wilhelm's lap, and he started to massage them gently. Marty lay back and smiled, letting out a content moan. \"That feels wonderful,\" she said blissfully, curling her toes as her red nail polish caught the sun's light. He kissed her toes as he moved his hands from the balls of her feet to her insteps. Marty gasped softly. \"Ooh! Right there!\" she said softly. \"That's it!\" Wilhelm smiled as he rubbed her feet and ankles, and when it was over ten minutes later, Marty was smiling and cuddling into Wilhelm, her little feet back in her wedges. \"I love you,\" she said softly. \"I truly… deeply, love you.\" She kissed his cheek. \"Never leave me,\" she said passionately. Kiss after kiss was trailed along Wilhelm's jawline. \"Never… never… never!\" Wilhelm kissed Marty gently. \"Don't you worry, Liebschen,\" he said, \"I never will.\"[Chapter 12] Chapter 12 Next week, school would be starting, and the Pink Ladies were gathered at the drive in. The movie, a creature feature, had just ended. Kendra Jackson was with them, and she had a gentle smile on her face. \"You look like the cat that ate the canary,\" said Rizzo. Kendra leaned against the side of the concession stand and sighed dreamily. \"It's Sonny,\" she said. \"We've been on a couple dates and, well… I think I'm in love with him!\" Frenchy gasped. \"Oh Kendra !\" she exclaimed happily. \"Ladies?\" The T-birds had just happened upon the scene. Kendra smiled to Sonny. \"Hey,\" she said tenderly. Sonny smiled back. \"Hey Kendra,\" he said softly. The T-birds and the Scorpions had, a few days ago, been in a rather nasty rumble. Wilhelm had received the worst of the beatings, but was now back on his feet, and present at the scene. \"So,\" said Wilhelm, \"how did you like the movie?\" \"I liked the part where the military came in,\" said Marty. \"But of course I would.\" \"I myself liked the soundtrack,\" said Wilhelm. \"Very riveting music, that.\" \"I liked the monster,\" Frenchy put in. \"Who'd have thought a giant cockroach would eat the entire town of Cincinnati, Ohio?\" \"While we're on the subject of movies,\" Wilhelm said, \"I did not care for Gone with the Wind.\" \" What ?!\" Rizzo exclaimed. \"Nein,\" said Wilhelm. \"Didn't care for it.\" \"How could you not…\" Kenicke said, flabbergasted. \" It's the perfect movie !\" \"Yeah!\" Danny practically shouted, spreading his arms. \"I mean come on , Bill! Vivien Leigh, Leslie Howard… for God's sake, Bill, Clark Gable !\" \"I'm not knocking Herr Gable's or anyone else's acting ability,\" Wilhelm explained, raising his hands. \"I just didn't like the movie. Too long, and I couldn't get into it. Tried three times, failed three times. I didn't even see the ending, it was so arduous.\" \" You didn't see the ending ?!\" Marty cried. \"Come on,\" said Frenchy. \"What about that… that part where Scarlett says 'As God as my witness, I'll never go hungry again!'\" \"Hey, it's a good scene,\" said Wilhelm. \"I can't deny that. I just couldn't get into it.\" \"Wilhelm,\" Marty said. \"One of these days, you and I are going to sit down and watch the entire… movie . You gotta see the whole thing, it's literally a masterpiece.\" \"What have we here?\" Wilhelm sighed. \"Wunderbar,\" he drawled. \"You dummkopfs again.\" The Scorpions had returned, and of course, they looked angry. \"What's this?\" Leo asked. \"You haven't changed sides on us, have you Kendra?\" \"After the way your idiot treated me,\" Kendra said, \"Yeah. I have. Buzz off.\" The scorpions let out a collective \"Oooh…\" Sonny stepped in front of Kendra protectively. \"Do nothing,\" Wilhelm said. \"Listen, Herr Balmudo. Why do you have to start a scene in public? These people in this drive in, Freund, are called 'witnesses.' And frankly, I think you're offending them. Your stink may have something to do with it. Go change your clothes.\" \"Little Billy,\" said Leo. \"The boys were real pleased to beat you up, and can do so again.\" \"That's Kaiser Wilhelm to you,\" Wilhelm retorted. Charlene DiGreggorio stepped out from the crowd. \"Seems we need to put you back in your place.\" \"Beneath our boot-heels and out of this drive in, Fraulein,\" said Wilhelm, \"and I suggest you start walking.\" \"Yeah,\" said Cha-Cha. \"Start walkin'.\" \"Typical Scorpion lack of originality,\" said Wilhelm in a bored tone, yawning. \"You do realize that you're not going to get me or these fine people to move, ja?\" \"You guys are rats ,\" Frenchy said defiantly. \"You're fleas on rats. Worse than that, you're amoebas on fleas on rats! You Scorpions are too low for even the dogs to bite!\" Leo stepped closer to Wilhelm. \"You're dead, Fritzy,\" he snarled. Wilhelm reached into his pocket, producing a switchblade and opening it. \"Care to back that up, Scheisskopf?\" Wilhelm growled. The T-birds stared at Wilhelm, surprised at his bravado. \"If you take one step closer,\" Wilhelm warned, \"you will be killed.\" \"W- Wait a sec,\" Leo said, his face paling. \"Let's not do anything, ah, inappropriate with that knife, yeah?\" \"You always were a coward, Balmudo,\" Wilhelm drawled. \"O-ho, what's this?\" Cha-Cha said, grinning. \"Little Miss Maraschino Cherry. You want take a poke at Leo, Wilhelm?\" She slid a revolver from her waistband. \"This is a gun, Schwartz,\" she said evenly. \"Lemme show you what it does.\" Wilhelm saw everything in slow-motion. Cha-Cha leveled the gun and cocked the hammer, and Wilhelm, quickly sheathing his knife, moved to sprint between the two girls. When hed' almost reached them, he barely saw Cha-Cha's hand touch the trigger. \" MARTINA NEIN !\" That was when the shot rang out.[Chapter 13] Chapter 13 Marty threw her hands up and screamed, feeling her whole world come apart as Wilhelm clutched his side and fell to his knees. Tears came to her eyes. \"Oh my God!\" Kenicke shouted. \"Bill's been shot!\" \"God!\" Frenchy cried, helping Wilhelm down and applying pressure to his wound. \"I swear to God,\" Rizzo practically screamed. \"If he dies, I will kill you !\" A crowd had gathered around the scene, and soon, both the police and the ambulance were there. Danny stared in open-mouthed shock. \"He… he took a bullet for you, Marty,\" he said stupidly. Cha-Cha gasped and let the gun fall from her hands. \"Oh shit,\" she whispered shakily. She and the Scorpions then ran off, driving into the night. \"Hey, stop 'em!\" a police officer ordered, jumping into his car and pursuing them. The paramedics put Wilhelm on a gurney, and Marty ran over to them. \"Please!\" she cried. \"I have to go with him!\" \"Let her in,\" grunted Wilhelm. She climbed in the ambulance and watched as the T-birds and Pink Ladies talked to the police. \"Don't give up,\" she sobbed, taking Wilhelm's hand. \"I love you! Please don't give up!\" Wilhelm smiled weakly. \"It's only… argh! A gunshot wound to the side, Liebschen.\" Marty continued to sob as the ambulance pulled up to the hospital. She then ran into Frenchy's arms as Wilhelm was wheeled away. \"Oh God!\" she sobbed into Frenchy's jacket. \"What if he dies, what if he dies, what if he dies?!\" Frenchy rocked Marty gently. \"That's not gonna happen,\" she said comfortingly. \"Oh honey !\" Kendra cooed, \"We followed them here, alright?\" \"So did we,\" said Danny. \"Bill's car's in the parking lot. Kenicke got it here.\" Kendra ran over to Sonny, holding him tightly. \"He'll be fine, sweetheart,\" Sonny said gently. \"Don't… don't worry okay?\" \"Poor Marty,\" said Jan sympathetically. \"Having her boyfriend take that shot like that.\" Marty couldn't believe it. She was heartbroken, to say the least. Wilhelm had taken a bullet for her, but would he die? She watched Kendra and Sonny share a comforting kiss and sat in a chair, trembling. \"Please, please, please…\" she sobbed over and over again. Rizzo was dumbfounded. Wilhelm had actually taken a bullet for Marty? She sighed. It was at that moment that the doctor came out. \"He'll live,\" he said, \"but he won't be out for a couple of days, namely the rest of today and tomorrow. We're keeping him here for a while to check on him.\" \"Where is he?\" Marty asked shakily. \"He's in recovery, and soon he'll be in his room. The bullet embedded itself in the muscle, but we got it out. You can visit him tomorrow.\" \"See?\" Frenchy said, her voice still thick. \"I told you he'd be fine!\" Marty put a hand over her chest, trying to slow her heart. \"God,\" she said thickly. The group left, and when Marty got home, she ran to her room. \"Hey Marty!\" said Helena cheerfully. \"How was your… Marty?\" Marty threw herself on her bed, sobbing into her pillow. \"Marty what happened?\" Helena asked softly, rubbing her daughter's back. \"Wilhelm's been shot!\" Marty sobbed. Helena gasped and covered her mouth. \"Oh no !\" she cried. Vincenzo ran into the room. \"They shot Bill ?!\" Marty relayed the story of the incident to her parents through her tears. \"He… took … a bullet … for you?\" Vincenzo said, clearly impressed. Marty nodded. Vincenzo let forth a low whistle. \"Good God, I hope he lives,\" he said. Marty sniffled. \"He will,\" she replied softly. \"I… I'm just..\" \"Understandable!\" said Vincenzo emphatically. \"If your mother got shot, I don't know what I'd do, even if she only got shot in the side!\" Helena stroked Marty's hair gently as her daughter cried. \"Shhhhh…\" she whispered. \"Shhhhh… Honey, if there's anything you want…\" \"I want Wilhelm!\" Marty sobbed. \"I know,\" Helena cooed. \"I know. Shhhh…\" \"If he hadn't taken that bullet…\" Vincenzo mused. \"God, I don't even want to think about it!\" Helena said. \"Let's all of us visit him in the hospital tomorrow, okay?\" Marty nodded against her pillow, sniffling again. The next day, Wilhelm, now convalescing, was reading the newspaper. The events from last night weren't on the front page, but they were in the paper. Wilhelm chuckled, scarcely believing his luck. \"Ach Gott! Mein Wilhelm!\" Wilhelm's mother came rushing into the room, grabbing Wilhelm's hand. \"Don't you ever… ever ... do that again!\" she sobbed. \"If I hadn't taken that bullet, she'd be dead,\" Wilhelm exclaimed. \"Nein, Wilhelm,\" said Wilhelm's father. \"What she meant was, 'Don't get shot again.'\" \"I'll try not to,\" said Wilhelm. \"We brought you this,\" said Wilhelm's mother, producing a box of strudel. \"This hospital food is dreck. So please, eat!\" Wilhelm took a bite of his strudel, smiling. \"Mmm… cherry,\" he said happily. \"Speaking of cherries…\" \"She is outside with her family,\" said Mr. Schwartz. \"We'll leave you to her. That was very noble, by the way.\" Wilhelm's parents left, and Marty's parents walked in. Marty ran in, grabbing Wilhelm's hand as his mother had done. \"You're alive!\" Marty sobbed. \"Thank God!\" \"God knows what would've happened if you hadn't stepped in the way,\" said Vincenzo. \"You saved our daughter. I can't just let that go without some kind of recognition.\" \"Wilhelm,\" said Helena seriously. \"If you need anything , anything at all , you come to us, do you hear me?\" Wilhelm smiled and nodded. \"I take it my poor Liebling did not take it well?\" he said. \"No!\" Marty sobbed. \"I was worried sick !\" \"I'll be out of the hospital tomorrow. The police came by and I described the scene to them, as well as the perpetrator. Rest assured, she'll be behind bars.\" Wilhelm wisely decided not to tell anyone about the knife. The police, though they didn't place Wilhelm under arrest, warned him to never pull a knife on anyone again, unless of course it was in self-defense or the defense of others. \"I was so afraid!\" Marty said thickly as Wilhelm wiped her tears away. \"I… I saw you get shot and then… then I almost blacked out!\" Wilhelm sat up, grunting from slight pain from his now stitched and healing wound, and sat on the edge of his bed. \"As you can see, Liebling,\" said Wilhelm, \"I'm very much alive. I've got ten stitches in my side, but I'm still breathing. Now… who wants some of my mother's cherry strudel, hmmm?\" Wilhelm and the Maraschinos shared the strudel, relieved that Wilhelm was safe, at least for now.[Chapter 14] Chapter 14 It finally came… the first day of school. Wilhelm Schwartz had just arrived at Rydell in his car, and was walking across the student parking lot. \"There he is!\" Putzie cried. \"The Bulletproof Kraut! Hey Schwartz !\" Wilhelm gave a wave. On his hands were new black leather gloves. His eyes were covered with a new pair of sunglasses, and new boots with pointed steel toes covered his feet. \"Lookin' sharp, Bill,\" said Sonny. \"Danke,\" said Wilhelm. \"Marty got me the gloves, I bought the glasses, and my father bought me the boots.\" \"Speaking of Marty,\" said Doody, \"where are the girls?\" The Pink Ladies pulled up in their car. \"There they are,\" said Wilhelm, \"but we should probably find Danny.\" \"There's Danny!\" said Kenicke. \"Well met there, Zuko!\" Wilhelm called out. \"Hey Danny !\" Danny turned and smiled. \"Guys,\" he said. \"Bill… sharp looking as always.\" \"Thank you kindly,\" said Wilhelm. \"And how is your Fraulein?\" \"She's in Australia,\" said Danny, a bit sadly. \"Hey, it was good while it lasted,\" Wilhelm replied. \"Yeah, true,\" said Danny. \"But you must focus on your lessons now. God knows I have to focus on mine.\" \"Yeah, 'specially your math grade,\" said Doody. \"Hate to tell you this bill but you suck at algebra.\" \"Ja,\" said bill shyly, hanging his head. \"But that's what nerds are for. So I ask you, Putzie, will you help me study?\" The T-birds laughed, and Putzie scoffed and smiled. \"Pi is exactly three,\" he said playfully. \"Hey Marty, lemme see your schedule.\" Marty handed her schedule to Rizzo. \"Why,\" drawled Rizzo, \"have you outlined some of your classes in little hearts?\" Marty blushed. \"Oh! Uh, no reason, Rizz. Decoration!\" \"Right. Anyway, it looks like we've got the same math teacher.\" Rizzo handed Marty the schedule, and Marty cleared her throat. She and Wilhelm had compared their schedules over the phone the day before school, and they'd also talked of other things. \"Oh Wilhelm!\" said Jan dramatically, \"wherefore art thou, Wilhelm?\" \"Shut up,\" Marty muttered. \"God, that is so adolescent.\" \"We are adolescents,\" Jan countered, laughing. \"We don't have to flaunt it,\" Rizzo replied. \"Okay girls… let's go get 'em!\" When the T-birds were inside, they and the Pink Ladies finally met. \"Hello, Ladies,\" said Danny. \"Lookin' good, Rizz,\" Kenicke chimed. \"You don't look so bad yourself, Kenicke.\" Wilhelm smiled and peered over his sunglasses at Marty. \"Good morning,\" he smarmed. Marty smiled and wrapped her arms around Wilhelm. \"Hey,\" she purred. \"Doing okay?\" \"Now that you're here, angel,\" Wilhelm replied, \"I'm doing marvelously.\" He pulled Marty towards him, and they shared a long, sweet kiss. \"Ugh… get a room,\" Rizzo muttered. \"Homeroom, Students!\" Wilhelm broke away from the kiss and cleared his throat. \"Ah, of course!\" he said. \"I'll be there faster than you can say 'gee whiz!'\" \"Good,\" said Principal McGee. \"Hop to it.\" \"See you in class,\" Wilhelm purred to Marty, who winked at him. \"Why, Mr. Schwartz,\" said Principal McGee. \"I had no idea you were seeing Miss Maraschino.\" \"That's the plan last I heard.\" \"Mind you put your schooling first, Wilhelm,\" she said sternly. \"Alright. To class with you.\" When lunchtime finally came, it didn't come fast enough for a very hungry Marty, who was sitting with the other Pink Ladies. \"I swear,\" said Rizzo, \"you and Wilhelm are so cute it's sickening.\" \"Well I guess you'll be sick forever, then,\" said Marty defiantly, \"because he's never gonna leave me.\" \"I think it's romantic,\" said Sandy. Kendra, who was now sporting a Pink Ladies jacket, smiled. \"You and Wilhelm are like me and Sonny,\" she said. \"Sandy's right.\" \"Isn't he a little mellow and, well… nerdy for a T-bird?\" Marty scoffed. \" My Wilhelm is a mature man of culture , for your information, Betty !\" Marty said indignantly. \"How would you like rice pudding down your bra?\" Rizzo muttered. \"Go punt, Rizz,\" Marty muttered back. \"I still remember when Wilhelm ate that bullet,\" Kendra said. \"Thought for sure he was done!\" Marty's heart hurt briefly, remembering how Wilhelm had nearly sacrificed his life for her. \"What?!\" Sandy said incredulously. \"Yeah,\" said Jan. \"Someone was gonna shoot Marty and Wilhelm ran in between them and got himself shot in the side.\" \"I'm just glad he's okay,\" Marty said. \"God, if he'd died, I don't know if I'd be able to go on. God, I might've killed myself by now!\" \"Don't say that!\" Frenchy gasped. \"You'd find someone else, I'm sure!\" \"Yeah, maybe… but it wouldn't be the same.\" Marty smiled, sighing dreamily. \"Just… I love him so much. I could be having the worst day imaginable. I could literally be in Hell, but… when he holds me like that… when he gives me that special smile, I… I know it's gonna be okay. I… without him I wouldn't be a whole person.\" \"I know how that feels,\" said Sandy. \"I don't even know where Danny Zuko is.\" Marty looked around. \"He's over there,\" she whispered. Sandy looked to the bleachers and gasped. \"I'll be right back,\" she said. She walked briskly to the bleachers and smiled. Danny, who couldn't believe his eyes, gasped. \" Sandy !\" he exclaimed. \"Danny?!\" \"I… I thought you were going back to Australia!\" \"We had a change of plan!\" Sandy said, laughing happily. \"I ca…\" Kenicke was looking over Danny's shoulder. \"Kenicke, come on,\" Wilhelm said. \"Let them reunite in peace.\" Kenicke sighed. \"Eh, okay,\" he muttered. \"Let's go guys.\" As Danny and Sandy talked happily, Wilhelm smiled. \"And he was so scared,\" he said with a chuckle. \"He kept telling me over and over how he was afraid he'd never see Sandy again.\" \"I don't know… it's just… what's the word, sappy ?\" Kenicke said. \"doesn't he care about his reputation?\" \"No worse than me and Marty,\" Wilhelm rebutted. \"Do you think I'd throw her under the bus to protect my image? What about Rizzo? Would you sacrifice her love in the name of your reputation?\" Kenicke sighed. \"I guess you're right Bill, but… well… when a guy puts a chick before his buddies somethin's wrong.\" \"Nothing's wrong,\" said Wilhelm. \"He loves her.\" \"Bill's right, Kenicke,\" said Sonny. \"Did you see the way they looked at each other?\" Kenicke decided to let Wilhelm have this argument. Danny strolled over, a spring in his step. \"Hey guys,\" he said heartily. \"Guess who's got a date to the bonfire Saturday.\" \"Wunderbar!\" Wilhelm exclaimed. \"I should ask Marty to that rally.\" \"She's gonna say yes, and you know it,\" Kenicke said. \"Come on guys, let's get to class before McGee eats us alive.\"[Chapter 15] Chapter 15 It was the night of the bonfire, and the T-birds and Pink Ladies were busy socializing. Wilhelm mostly talked to Marty, and Danny had pulled Sandy off to the side. \"Alright, look. Lemme… lemme explain something to you.\" \"Yes?\" \"Sorry about my friends the other day. I got… I got this image that I have to maintain.\" Sandy narrowed her eyes. \"What's that got to do with me?\" \"What it has to do with you is, I don't wanna risk what we've got to protect it. You're more important to me than that.\" \"Oh!\" Sandy said, her face brightening. \"Well I actually appreciate, ah… what was his name?\" \"Wilhelm Schwartz.\" \"Right. I appreciate Wilhelm suggesting your friends break off from us. It was considerate of him.\" \"He's a considerate guy,\" Danny admitted. \"Kenicke was worried about me looking, well, uncool frankly.\" \"What is all this talk about your image?\" Sandy asked. \"What happened to the Danny Zuko I met at the beach?\" \"He's right here,\" said Danny softly. \"And I know that if I'd switched to the image I was supposed to maintain and said something like 'Oh that's cool baby, you know how it is. Rockin' and rollin' and whatnot…' what would you have done?\" \"Why, I'd have said you were a fake and a phony and that I wish I'd never laid eyes on you!\" \"Exactly. So… please understand, when I act all... macho… it's because the guys… they have expectations.\" Sandy smiled. \"The fact that you're opening up to me,\" she said. \"I don't care what your friends say. That … that is cool. Just be you. I suppose I myself am, you know this already, a bit of a prude. Loosening up and relaxing's not easy for me.\" \"Well... if you want… give it a try. Meanwhile… go get 'em out there. You'll do great.\" Sandy embraced Danny, glad that they'd had this conversation. \"Okay,\" she whispered. Wilhelm, on the other side of the fire, was still chatting with the others. \"Want to get very drunk, very quickly?\" he said. \"When you hear the school song, take a shot whenever they say 'Rydell.' Mein Gott, you'll be hammered before the song's over!\" Everybody laughed. \"Hey, what are Scorpions doin' here?\" Sonny said indignantly. \"This ain't their turf!\" The Scorpions drove by and glared. \"Think they wanna rumble?\" Kenicke mused. \"Why do they hate me so much?\" Wilhelm wondered aloud. \"'Cause you're the glue that holds us together, Bill,\" Kenicke said. \"Danny might be the leader, but you're the brains of the outfit. We lose you, we lose our brains.\" Marty clung to Wilhelm protectively. \"They can't take you!\" she cried. \"They won't,\" said Wilhelm as he held her close. The rally began, and Wilhelm stayed with Marty, holding her close as she smiled. \"I'm cold,\" she murmured, holding Wilhelm a bit tighter. Wilhelm held Marty closer and kissed her forehead, taking his arm out of one of his sleeves and wrapping Marty in half of his jacket. She let out a content hum, closing her eyes and leaning her head on his shoulder. \"Kirschelein,\" Wilhelm said softly. \"This may sound ridiculous, but me fool uncle in Germany wrote me. He seems to think you only like me for my car, my job, and my money.\" Marty's eyes opened suddenly. \"Oh, did he really say that?\" she cooed. Wilhelm nodded. \"I'm afraid so.\" Marty shook her head against Wilhelm's shoulder. \"No,\" she said softly. \"No… no. That's not true!\" She kissed the side of his neck. \"I love you, Wilhelm. I love you because you're who you are . I love you for your intelligence, your maturity. The fact that you're cultured ... because you're kind, and honest with me. I don't just love your money .\" \"I know,\" said Wilhelm, smiling. \"But my Dummkopf uncle doesn't.\" \"Well you tell that uncle of yours that I said forget his opinion,\" Marty said blissfully. Their lips met in a long, deep, loving kiss as Wilhelm ran his fingers through Marty's hair. Marty hummed happily, closing her eyes again. Wilhelm started to trail kisses along Marty's jawline and whisper to her how much he loved her, but Marty pulled back with a smile. \"Shhhh…\" she whispered, placing her finger on Wilhelm's lips. \"Wait…\" She cuddled into Wilhelm and sighed softly as he held her close, rocking her gently. As Coach Calhoun began his speech about how Rydell was going to \"slaughter\" the Gladiators, Marty squeezed Wilhelm's hand. \"What do you think?\" she whispered. \"Neanderthals butting heads on a gridiron and grunting like savages,\" said Wilhelm with a scoff. \"Only a Dummkopf plays such a so-called 'sport.' If I want to see violence, by God I'll watch a boxing match.\" Marty giggled, burying her head into his chest. \"I still can't believe you took that bullet for me,\" Marty commented. \"If anything happened to you, I couldn't live with myself,\" Wilhelm said softly. Meanwhile, Sandy and Frenchy were loitering by the Pink Ladies' car. \"We're having a slumber party at my place,\" said Frenchy. \"You're invited if you wanna come.\" Sandy nodded and smiled. \"Yeah,\" she said brightly. \"Think I might like that.\" \"You sure your folks'll spring for it though?\" \"A lot of people think I have strict parents,\" said Sandy, \"but it's not true. My father tells me I need to loosen up a bit. Yes, he's at odds with my mother, who is strict, but he generally wins.\" \"He's right Sandy,\" Frenchy said. \"If I know that Danny Zuko, which I do, he doesn't go for prudes… not for long.\" Sandy sighed. \"Maybe I do need to change,\" she mused. \"I'll give it a try.\" \"That's the spirit!\" Frenchy said brightly. \"Let's go round up the others, yeah?\" \"Marty!\" Frenchy was walking towards her and Wilhelm. \"Marty?\" Marty groaned and slowly, lazily, lifted her head off of Wilhelm's shoulder. \"Yeah?\" she said. \"Time to go!\" Marty sighed and shared a loving kiss with Wilhelm. \"I've got a slumber party tonight with my friends,\" she said apologetically. \"Have fun,\" Wilhelm said softly, kissing Marty on the forehead. \"Try not to miss me too much, and I'll see you Monday.\" Marty got up and left, winking to Wilhelm as she left. \"Oh!\" Danny said. \"Ah… goin' somewhere, Sandy?\" \"The girls invited me to a sleepover,\" said Sandy. \"Who are your friends?\" \"We are the Thunderbirds, or T-birds for short,\" said Wilhelm, standing up. \"I take it that you are Sandy?\" \"Yes, that's right.\" \"A pleasure to meet you, Fraulein Olsson,\" Wilhelm said, clicking his heels and bowing as they shook hands. \"I am Wilhelm Schwartz.\" \"It's… good to meet you too. Danny, I had no idea your friends were so polite .\" \"Just Bill, unfortunately,\" Danny said ruefully, \"and me of course.\" \"Ja, don't mind the others,\" said Wilhelm. \"They're just a couple of rambunctious lads.\" When he got home, Wilhelm went straight to his room. \"Oh!\" said his father. \"Hello Wilhelm!\" \"Good evening,\" said Wilhelm. \"Hmmmm… something on your mind, my boy?\" \"Nothing I can't handle.\" \"Alright. Head to bed, son.\" Wilhelm did so, and as he lay awake, he sighed. Sandy was… well, fetching , he'd give her that. But was she… \"Nein, nein ,\" he muttered. \"You're with Marty Maraschino, and this Sandy is with Herr Zuko! You can't do that!\" Wilhelm rolled over. \"don't be a Schweinhund, Wilhelm,\" he muttered to himself.[Chapter 16] Chapter 16 \"It was just as things were getting interesting… my mother walks in.\" Marty sighed. \"Needless to say, I was grounded for two weeks .\" The girls all giggled. \"So,\" said Jan, \"you and Wilhelm.\" \"We're getting along great ,\" said Marty happily. \"Last summer…\" Everyone leaned in. \"…He said I was prettier than, get this, Marilyn Monroe .\" Frenchy gasped. \"Did he really?!\" Marty nodded, blushing. \"Okay,\" said Rizzo, pulling out a bottle of wine. \"How 'bout a little sneaky Pete to get the party goin'?\" \"Ooh!\" Jan said. \"Italian Swiss Colony, this stuff's imported !\" \"Oh, Twinkies and wine,\" Marty drawled. \"That's real class Jan.\" \"Says here it is a desert wine,\" Jan read. \"Hey! Sandy didn't get any wine!\" \"Oh, it's okay,\" said Sandy. \"What's wrong?\" Jan said. \"We ain't got cooties .\" Sandy took a reluctant sip. As she swallowed the wine, she hummed in thought. \"Well I admit I like the taste ,\" she said. \"I just don't want to get too drunk . I mean, I had some champagne at my cousin's wedding once, so…\" \"Ring-a-ding-ding,\" Rizzo replied. \"Wilhelm loves his wine,\" Marty said. \"He likes it German.\" Rizzo scoffed. \"That Wilhelm's a stick-in-the-mud,\" she muttered. Marty's mouth hung open as she gasped. \"My boyfriend is not a stick-in-the-mud!\" she said indignantly. \"Well now, let's see. You haven't gotten it on yet. You've only really made out a few times, as far as I know. And you've been seein' this guy for how long?\" \"Since July !\" \"Exactly. You've been seeing Wilhelm for two whole months and he hasn't even tried nothin'.\" \"He respects me!\" \"Well I think you guys are really cute together,\" said Frenchy. \"You think a pug with a bow on his head's cute, French,\" said Rizzo. \"So, you haven't…\" \"We're saving ourselves for marriage!\" Marty cried, \"and it's none of your business !\" \"Don't knock Wilhelm for being respectful and polite!\" Frenchy said, coming to Marty's defense. \"Honestly Rizzo, what is your problem ?\" \"Yeah!\" Marty said. \"Besides, it's not like we don't want to!\" \"Oh she admits it,\" Rizzo drawled. \"Thank God.\" \"Stick-in-the-mud,\" Marty muttered. \"Yeah, right.\" She then began to work on a letter she was writing. \"Still writing those guys, huh?\" Rizzo said. \"Ooh, Wilhelm's not gonna be happy about that .\" \"For your information, we talked about that.\" \"I heard you fought about it.\" \"They know I'm taken,\" Marty said quickly. \"Sure, Marty,\" Rizzo drawled. \"Looks like someone can't seem to find true love,\" Marty retorted. Rizzo was stunned. Marty was right. Did Kenicke really… love her? She cleared her throat. \"Shut up Marty,\" she said quickly. \"Anyway,\" said Frenchy, \"Where'd you get that?\" Marty unfurled a fan and smiled. \"From Bobby in Korea.\" \"You're goin' with a Korean?\" Marty hit Frenchy on the top of the head with her fan. \"Dummy, he's a Marine.\" \"A Marine?!\" the girls shouted. \"But I'm with Wilhelm, and he knows it.\" Marty smiled and pulled out her locket. \"This is from Wilhelm,\" she said dreamily. Rizzo opened the locket and narrowed her eyes in thought. \"You two went to the beach together?\" she said. \"Great. So he doesn't flash his money around.\" \"This isn't about money !\" Marty said. \"We love each other! He's special!\" \"There's no such thing.\" \"That's as much as you know!\" Sandy cleared her throat. She'd had some wine, but not too much. However, she did have a bit of a looser tongue now. \"I don't know,\" she said. \"He sounds romantic to me. Yeah, I'm with Danny Zuko but… I think Wilhelm's, well… kind of cute.\" \"Oh, he is,\" said Marty, \"but he's mine.\" \"Oh I know that,\" said Sandy. \"But I have opinions too.\" \"… and I was crazy 'bout the smell 'cause when the scent was blowin' my way it smelled just like the halls of old Rydell \" The T-birds had arrived, rather boisterously too. Wilhelm, since Kenicke's car was full, was following behind in his own BMW. He watched as Kenicke and Rizzo had a discussion of their own, and smiled as Marty appeared at the window. \"She called you a stick-in-the-mud!\" she called out. \"What?\" \"Rizzo. She called you a stick-in-the-mud! Can you come to the window?\" Wilhelm got out of his car and did so. \"I can't come in,\" he said, \"but this is close enough.\" Marty slipped off her heeled slippers and climbed the trellis down. \"Sorry you have to see me like this,\" she said apologetically, \"with my rollers in.\" \"How're things so far?\" Marty sighed. \"Rizzo insulted you, completely discredits our relationship and doesn't believe in love.\" \"Now who's the stick-in-the-mud?\" Wilhelm said softly, stroking Marty's cheek. \"I don't care that your damned rollers are in. You'll always by the beautiful Kirschelein I fell in love with.\" He chuckled. \"Forget Rizzo.\" Marty smiled and cuddled into Wilhelm. \"I just wanna be with you,\" she murmured. \"Carry me?\" Wilhelm cradled Marty in his arms, smiling. \"Mmmm… just over there.\" Wilhelm carried Marty to the side of the house, set her down, and sat beside her. \"Better?\" Marty slumped against his shoulder and smiled as they held each other. \"Yeah,\" she whispered. A few minutes later, Marty's body went limp, and her breathing became slow and deep. Marty had fallen asleep in Wilhelm's arms. ","Summary":" Die Kirsche Chapter 1 Wilhelm Schwartz had been living in America since the age of eight, and today"},{"Movie":"King Kong","Title":"Skull Island-The Place of Your Nightmares","Author":"fanwriter1245","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10486426","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Okay, guys! Thanks for checking out my fanfiction! Just a little warning, the beginning is pretty boring, but it's just because I have to set up the story and get the characters going! Please at least read a couple more chapters before deciding on your opinion of this fanfiction! It's a pretty good read once the action picks up! I promise! :) So enjoy reading about Brie's adventures! It was a very lazy Saturday afternoon, so I decided to put on my favorite movie, King Kong. I had to admit, I was a little obsessed with that movie. I had seen every single version that ever existed, even the cartoon. I knew who played what character in each version and how good or bad the acting was. I knew little fun facts about each film and I even knew most of the crew for the films. I even had some of the musical scores from a couple of the films on my iPhone. I loved the story and always wished I could have been part of the action. The best version was definitely the one in 2005 with Naomi Watts. She was fantastic in the role! Everyone else was bland in comparison. Plus, the 2005 version had Jamie Bell as Jimmy in it and boy, was he attractive! I popped the DVD into my Blu-ray player and pushed 'Play' on the machine. My TV said the words, \"This is not playable on this device.\" \"That can't be right,\" I said to no one in particular. \"I've played it on this before.\" I went to the back of the TV and started playing with some cords and plugs, unplugging and plugging things back in and trying to figure out why the movie wasn't playing. I was about to give up and cut my losses when I noticed one cord was sticking out too far from the Blu-ray player. I stood up and carefully plugged the cord back into the player. I faced the TV again when I suddenly got very dizzy. The room started to spin around me as colors flashed before my eyes. Before I knew it, I completely blacked out. My eyes slowly opened up as I realized I had a killer headache. I let out a small groan and tried to figure out where I was because I certainly was not in my house! \"Guys, she's waking up!\" I heard. A woman with blonde hair ran over to me. I realized I was on a cot in a cramped space. \"Are you okay?\" \"What's going on? Where am I?\" I asked. The woman's eyes looked at me with frenzied concern. \"Can you tell me your name?\" \"Of course. It's Brieanna.\" \"Okay, good. You're in the theater where we do our show. You took a really nasty fall on stage and hit your head.\" Stage? Show? The only performances I gave were at a local theater, and they weren't very good. The stage was falling apart, we didn't have the right equipment, and the director played favorites when casting every single show. Being part of those plays were not high on my list of fond memories. \"Remember, I'm Ann?\" Holy crap, it all came back to me. I was trying to watch King Kong then something weird happened, I passed out, and now here's someone telling me her name was Ann and we do a show together. No way. I was in the movie! Now which version? Well, it obviously wasn't the cartoon, and if she said her name was Ann, then it couldn't be the 1976 version because the girl's name was Dwan. Thank goodness this wasn't that version. That was an absolute monstrosity. So was this the 1933 or the 2005 version? I guess I would figure out as the movie progressed. \"Brie?\" Ann said to me, knocking me out of my daze. \"I'm fine, really. I think I just need to eat.\" Wait, this was during the Great Depression. Food was going to be scarce. \"Well, there's a soup kitchen open nearby. We can go there.\" \"Sounds wonderful!\" I lied. Ann helped me up off the cot and got a jacket for me which was evidently mine. We walked out with an older man and walked to the soup kitchen. The meal they served wasn't filling at all, but it's all I got, so I had to make do. Ann then took me back to where she, or we, slept. After a restless night, we returned to the theater to find it closed. That sealed it. This was the 2005 version. I wasn't sure how I felt about that. When I was younger, I had always wished to my core that I was Ann and got to be taken away by Kong (although I'm not sure why…). But as I got older, I realized just how violent the whole thing was and that I would never be able to survive on the island. At least the 1933 version, while the story was weaker, wasn't violent at all just because it was so old. Okay, don't panic, I thought. In every fanfiction I'd ever read where a character gets thrown into the story, once the movie ends, they get sent back. So all I had to do was make it to the end without majorly screwing up the plot. Or dying. I shuddered at the fact that what I was going to face in the near future could kill me. After all, Skull Island was not a pretty place. Ann banged on the door but was not allowed entrance. I always hated this part. Not only did Ann lose her job, but she also lost the one person she cared most about. I watched sadly as Ann and Manny had their heart-to-heart that left Ann in tears. Manny took off without even glancing over at me. I wasn't sure how I felt about that. Had I been close with him? Did I know him well? Didn't matter now because he was not coming back and Ann and I had a long way to go from here. A really long way. I looked at Ann trying to compose herself, but if I knew one thing, she was dying on the inside. I ran over to her and hugged her tightly. She didn't hug back at first, but then I felt her sink into my arms and begin crying again. She composed herself again just as quick as she had started crying. My guess was that being in the city during the Great Depression had made her tough. She didn't want to cry because she needed to be strong for everyone around her. Ann briskly walked away from the theater, leaving behind her troubles and not saying goodbye to anyone. \"Where are we going?\" I asked as I caught up with her. I couldn't lose her now. We somehow needed to get on the boat together and then get to Skull Island and then get back to New York and not die on the way. Even if I didn't come with her on the boat, I'd still see Kong when they brought him back to New York. But trying to live in this place until then would drive me nuts, especially knowing what was going on while I was here and she was on the ship. \" I am going to see Mr. Weston and I am not taking no for an answer. You are staying here with Maude and the rest of the company. They'll take care of you, okay? But I've got to do this, and I don't want you involved.\" \"No,\" I stated. \"I'm coming with you, and I'm not taking no for an answer.\" Mostly because if we get separated, I'm in trouble, I thought. Ann looked at me like she wanted to strangle me but didn't say anything and allowed me to follow. We walked until she stopped by a certain office and waited. We waited for quite a while before a man in a hat came out and that's when Ann sprung into action. \"Oh, hello, Mr. Weston!\" she said way too bouncily. \"Aw, jeez…\" the man moaned as he hurried along. \"Look, Miss, I told you already. Call my office, leave your resume with my secretary.\" \"Now why would I want to do that when we can talk about it in person?\" \"Because that's what a smart girl would do.\" Now I remembered this guy. Gosh, I hated him! He was such a stuck-up snob and didn't give anyone the time of day. \"Well, a smart guy would hire Ann Darrow to be in his play!\" I told him. Ann shot me a look, telling me to shut up because this was her thing, but I wasn't sorry about what I said nor would I take it back. \"Well, I already sent you my resume. You returned it unopened,\" Ann continued. \"What can I say? Jack Driscoll's very particular about who he works with.\" \"Please, just an audition, that's all I'm asking!\" \"Ugh, you don't give up, do you?\" Ann stepped in front of him defiantly. \"Mr. Weston, I know this role backwards!\" \"Well, that's too bad because we just gave the part to someone else,\" he responded shortly. Ann tried to protest, but he cut her off. \"I'm sorry, kid, the play is cast.\" I realized we were at the door to an expensive Italian restaurant we could never afford. My mouth watered at the sight of the fresh spaghetti with delicious tomato sauce and cheese and crispy salad and warm breadsticks and so much more delicious food. My dinner the previous night had left me still hungry and I hadn't had time for breakfast this morning. I had a mind to knock the snob aside and basically steal everything on the table, but I knew I would just end up getting arrested, and then I'd never get out of this movie, not to mention I'd miss all the action. \"Look,\" Mr. Weston said, noticing our hungry looks. \"I know times are tough. You want my advice? Use what you got. You both aren't bad-looking. Girls like you don't have to starve.\" He pulled out a card and gave it to Ann after scribbling something on it. He explained about some act we could do, but it wasn't good. I shuddered at what went on in that place and how low women went to get money. The men certainly weren't going to be any better and I had no intention of finding out what they did to the poor women in there. I let out a huge groan as Mr. Weston disappeared into the restaurant. \"Men!\" Ann looked at me sharply. \"I told you I didn't want you involved. You may have just ruined my chance!\" \"Trust me, I didn't ruin anything. That man has no heart or soul and was going to say no either way.\" She eyed the card. \"Brie, this is the only way we can make money now with the theater closed. I know it's not the best, but it's all we can do. Let's at least check it out.\" We walked to the theater, but we didn't get there until late since we had to stop at a soup kitchen for a small something and rest for a little while. Once we got to small little theater, I saw a man at the door just about to open it, but he was stopped. Oh yeah! That was Carl Denham, and he was noticing both of us! Ann looked up at the theater and then back at the card. She ended up crumpling it up and threw it on the ground before walking away. \"What are you doing?\" I asked. \"We need that money!\" \"I may be out of a job now, Brie, but I'd like to keep my dignity too, and I'll lose it quick if I even step foot in there.\" That was why I admired her so much! She was tough and strong and knew just what to do in a tough situation. We walked past a fruit stand and I noticed Ann looking hungrily at the apples. I saw her reach out and pick up one. I remembered that this was when she attempted to steal an apple and I almost tried to stop her, but then I remembered that this was how she met Carl. If I stopped her, I could screw up everything. I pretended to not notice her taking an apple and kept observing the other fruits when the owner pushed past me and grabbed her. \"You gonna pay for this?\" he asked gruffly. I tried to pull him away from her and pry his hand off her arm as Ann tried to pull away as well. \"She didn't mean too! We're just hungry! Please!\" I begged. \"Excuse me!\" we heard. We turned and there he was. The famous Carl Denham. \"Ma'am, I think you dropped this,\" he said as held up a coin. The owner took it and released Ann from his hold. Carl took the both of us to a restaurant and told us to order whatever we wanted. Before long, we were both digging into huge plates of pasta, devouring it probably too fast for our own good. I couldn't help it! I certainly wasn't used to running on so little food! \"Vaudeville, huh?\" Carl said as he approached the table with a cup of coffee. \"I worked Vaudeville once. That is a tough audience! If you don't kill them fast, they kill you!\" Ann paused and wiped her mouth, while I continued to gulp down my food. \"Mr. Denham, I want you to know that I'm not in the habit of accepting charity from strangers. Or, for that matter, taking things that don't belong to me.\" \"It was obviously a terrible misunderstanding!\" \"It's just we haven't been paid in a while…\" \"We were just in a tough spot and our minds weren't in the right place,\" I said. \"That's awful,\" Mr. Denham said, though it was very clear he was faking being concerned. \"Anyway, Ann, may I call you Ann? And Brieanna?\" \"Brie,\" I answered. \"Either of you wouldn't happen to be a size four by any chance, would you?\" Ann stopped in mid-bite, grabbed my arm and her coat, and stood us up to leave, clearly offended. \"Oh, no! You've got me all wrong! Miss Darrow, Miss Adams, please! I'm not that type of person at all!\" \"Then what type of person are you, Mr. Denham?\" Ann asked. \"I'm someone you can trust, I'm a movie producer.\" \"Can we at least hear what he has to say?\" I said to Ann. \"Who knows? Maybe it's actually worth hearing.\" Ann slowly sat down again, and I started to eat my food again. Carl told us we would film in Singapore, and I smiled to myself, knowing that was a total white lie. He started to explain the plot of the movie and Ann got really into it. I loved this part. It really told the audience a bit about where Ann came from and what she had gone through in her life. Realizing she had said too much, Ann stood up to leave again. \"Mr. Denham, I make people laugh, that's what I do. And besides, I'm not leaving Brie here in this city by herself. Good night.\" Wait a second, she was leaving and she wasn't stopping. She was supposed to stop so Carl could mention Jack Driscoll's name and then she got interested. I had to stop her! She was almost out the door when I grabbed her arm and forced her back. \"What's the matter with you, Brie?\" \"Ann, we need this. This is what you've always wanted! A chance to be a star in a major motion picture!\" \"And Brie is welcome to come along!\" Carl added. \"I could use her in this picture somehow.\" \"Brie, it's too dangerous!\" \"Do you see where we're at right now? We're penniless and jobless! What we have here is more dangerous than anything he has to offer! We have to do this!\" \"Brie…\" \"You wanna read a script? Jack Driscoll's turning in a draft as we speak!\" Oh, finally! I thought. Ann turned, her interest clearly peaked. \"Jack Driscoll?\" The deal was sealed. We were on board with Carl. All was going according to plan. So far, anyway. But it was only just beginning.[Chapter 2] We went back to pack our few possessions, and then we carried our suitcase out to an awaiting taxi. We drove to the dock and got out in front of a beautiful, huge ship! \"Is this the moving picture ship?\" Ann asked excitedly. \"Uh, not exactly…\"Carl said. He took us over to another ship that was small, rusty, and nothing like the gorgeous one beside it. I wasn't even sure it was meant for passengers. In fact, I knew it wasn't. It was for animals. Preston, Carl's assistant, ran over to Carl and whispered something to him that made Carl demand for Englehorn, the captain, to cast off. However, they were waiting on papers and couldn't leave without them. \"Can we talk about this later?\" Carl said. \"Can't you see we're in the company of two VIP guests?\" Englehorn looked at us. \"Ann Darrow, and this is my good friend, Brieanna Adams,\" Ann introduced. \"So are you ready for this voyage?\" Englehorn asked. \"Sure…\" Ann said hesitantly. She had no idea what she was getting into. No one really did. Except for me, of course. \"Nervous?\" Englehorn asked. \"Nervous? No!\" Ann answered. \"Why? Should we be?\" Yes, I thought. \"It isn't every woman who would take such a risk.\" We stood there in shock for a moment before Preston hurriedly came up behind us and took our suitcases. \"Uh, why don't I show Miss Darrow and Miss Adams to their cabins?\" \"Wonderful idea!\" Carl said. \"Thank you, Preston.\" \"Hi, my name is Preston. I'm Carl's assistant.\" He led us away from the awkward conversation and up to the gangplank. Preston and I walked up when we realized Ann had paused at the bottom. She took a look behind her, as if she was ready to turn and run, in which case I would have to go after her and drag her on board, but she soon followed us up onboard. Preston led me to a small room and laid my suitcase down, then took Ann away and showed her her own cabin. We weren't too far from each other, but further than I would've liked. I sat down on the bed, and noticed it was more comfortable than it looked. Yes, I'd had better, but this would have to do. After all, I was going to be here for, what, six weeks? Oh, no. Stupid montages. I forgot just how long this trip would be! I would be lucky if I didn't die of boredom before we even reached Skull Island! I looked out the window and saw that the rope was being let loose and the ship was no longer connected to the dock. That was when I saw a flash from the door. I noticed that was Jack Driscoll. Hold on. He wasn't supposed to be getting off yet! Carl was supposed to be \"writing\" him a check! If he didn't stay on this ship, Ann couldn't fall in love with him, he wouldn't be the one to rescue her, she might not get rescued at all, and basically everything was ruined! I realized that because I was here, I must've slowed the dialogue. Well, then I would just have to fix it. I ran out of my cabin and followed him. \"Mr. Driscoll!\" I called. He turned toward me and paused in the hallway. Looks like he wasn't rushing too much just yet. I would have to stall him as much as possible. \"It's an honor to meet you!\" \"Thanks, but I haven't got time to talk. I'm late for rehearsal.\" I ran in front of him as he turned to go and took his hand. \"Hi, I'm Brieanna Adams. I'm in Carl Denham's picture. I've heard a lot about you. You're very talented!\" \"Thanks, but—\" I stopped him again. \"I'm thrilled to be part of something you've written. I'm sure it's good and romantic!\" \"Yes, and—\" \"Have you met my friend, Ann? She's the real star. I'm most likely just an extra. She just didn't want to leave me behind in a place like New York, especially since I just lost my job.\" I didn't say \"we\" because I knew Ann would kill me if I told him she was jobless. \"I'm sorry to hear that. Now if you'll excuse me—\" I couldn't let him leave just yet. I needed to stall him for a little while longer and then I knew he would get stuck in the hallway. \"Uh, what play are you rehearsing for now? I'll try to catch it when we get back!\" \"Fine. Now I've really got to—\" \"Aren't you traveling with us? If you wrote the script, shouldn't you be here for the shooting? It would only seem appropriate.\" \"No! Now I have to—\" The ship's horn blasted into the air. \"Oh, no.\" He took off again. I ran to my window and saw we were starting to move. I smiled to myself. Though he would probably hate me now, and we were not off to a good start, Jack was here to stay. I went to Ann's cabin as we sailed further and further away from the dock and closer and closer to Skull Island. My stomach did flops every time I thought about our destination. I knew I had to keep it a secret though because no one except me and Carl knew about the island and even he didn't know that I knew about it. It was late and it wasn't long before I decided to turn in. Luckily, I had a strong sea stomach and could handle the rocking of the ship. On the contrary, the gentle motion helped me fall asleep. I awoke the next morning to my stomach begging me for food. I threw on something from my suitcase that wasn't exactly hideous, but I would never wear it in public in my own time. I knew Ann was at this time rehearsing what she was going to say to Jack when she first met him and trying on a ton of different clothes to make herself look better for him. I couldn't care less about what he saw me in, especially since I wasn't at the top of his list at the moment, nor was I a big fan of him since the first time I saw the movie. There was a knock on my door. I went to open it and there stood Ann in a beautiful dress, one I knew was not hers. \"Ready to meet everyone, Brie?\" Oh my gosh! I was going to meet Jimmy today! The most attractive boy on this ship! And closer to my age! Ann was probably in her mid-20's if not older, while I was still in my teens. Yes, I was just about to enter my twenties, but I wasn't there yet. Jimmy must've been eighteen or nineteen, which was perfect for me. Ann could have Jack, I would gladly take Jimmy, even if he was a kleptomaniac! We walked to the kitchen, entering shyly. \"Ann! Brie!\" Carl called. \"Come on in! Let me introduce you to the crew! This is Herb, our cameraman.\" I always loved Herb. He was such a sweetheart! \"Delighted to meet you, missus!\" He looked at Ann. \"And may I say, what a lovely dress!\" \"Oh, this old thing? I just threw it on!\" she said, trying to not sound as poor as a mouse. \"Isn't that one of Maureen's costumes?\" Preston said. I shot him a look as Ann quickly changed the subject. \"What does a girl 'round here have to do to get some breakfast?\" I looked at the mixture in the tub the chef had in front of him and very quickly lost my appetite. I hope he made something better than that over the next few weeks, or I'd starve. \"Ladies, I don't believe you've met—\" \"That's alright, Mr. Denham, I know who this is,\" Ann said, staring intently at the man Carl was trying to introduce them to. I smiled to myself, remembering what happened next. Ann mistook the soundman, Mike, for Jack while Jack was in the room behind her. Normally, I would've stopped her, but this whole scene had to happen. It was the way Jack and Ann met! Of course, they'd have to meet eventually, but this was their icebreaker. Who knows? Maybe if they met another way, there would be no spark or love, and that couldn't happen! The pitiful scene continued before Jack finally came up behind her and her smile fell flat on the floor at the sight of him. \"Nice to meet you too, Miss Darrow,\" he said dryly. He turned to leave and shot me a very cold look. It made me shiver, but I knew once the story really got started, he'd thank me later. Ann grabbed my arm and hurried me out of the room. Once back in her cabin, she held her head in her hands. \"I can't believe I did that,\" she moaned. \"Ann, it's an honest mistake.\" \"No, that was the most humiliating thing that has ever happened to me. And I'm a performer. There are plenty of humiliating moments.\" \"Believe me, it'll be a thing of the past within a few weeks.\" Ann fell back on her bed and groaned loudly. \"I've spent years wishing I could meet him, and when I finally do, I completely screw it up.\" \"If it makes you feel any better, Jack couldn't hate me any more than he already does right now. He wasn't supposed to stay on the ship, but I talked to him for too long and he ended up getting stuck on here.\" \"Oh, that's pretty bad,\" Ann admitted. \"We're not off to a good start.\" \"Well, we've got the next six weeks or so to fix things!\" \"I suppose you're right.\" I left her cabin and started to head back to my own but changed my mind at the last second and headed up to get some air. Jack certainly had it worse than anyone at the moment. He should've been down where the cages were, terribly seasick. I went to the front of the ship and felt the breeze nuzzle my skin softly, sending small goosebumps and a slight chill down my spine. My hair blew back away from my face and I breathed in the salty sea air. I had always loved the ocean. I had spent so much time on it in my childhood. Dad always took me out sailing when I was younger. After he died a few years ago, I didn't go sailing anymore and Mom stopped taking me to the beach. I always thought she did that to suppress the memories of him because she didn't want to fully accept his death. But my love of the sea always stayed with me and I would try to go whenever I could. \"Excuse me,\" a young voice said. I saw Jimmy push past me to get something and then move on. Oh my gosh! Jimmy actually touched me and spoke to me! That was a step in the right direction! I looked back out at the blue water and took it all in. I held my arms straight up in a Titanic pose and wished I had a guy behind me so we could reenact the romantic scene. \"Brie!\" I heard. I turned and saw Carl setting up the camera. \"Don't move! That's a perfect shot!\" He finished setting up his equipment and I turned back around to the front of the ship. I took in the breeze again and then slowly lifted up my arms. For a moment, I forgot I was on camera and just stood there with my arms outstretched. \"Cut!\" Carl shouted, shaking me out of the moment. \"Thanks, Brie, that was great!\" I gave a small smile, but I didn't want to draw much more attention to myself. Ann was the star of this thing, and it needed to stay that way. It was the next day when the real filming began. I had no idea why Carl wanted that shot of me yesterday at the front of the ship, but it was kind of cool that he did. I watched as the scene between Ann and Bruce took place. It was actually a scene from the 1933 version word-for-word. I hated it. But it wasn't Ann's fault. She played the part just fine, but the writing was not the best. That's just because Bruce changed it up. The snob needed to suck it up and do things the way he was told to. \"Cut!\" Carl called. I walked up to Ann. \"That was quite the scene.\" \"It used to be a lot better, but Mr. Baxter changed the dialogue for more 'flow'.\" \"I'm sure that the original was definitely better, but what are we going to do? Carl won't dare disobey his leading man.\" \"I heard Mr. Denham filmed you yesterday.\" \"Yeah, I was just hanging out at the front of the ship and he said it was a good shot, so he took it.\" \"That's so exciting, Brie!\" \"Oh, come on! You're the real star of this!\" \"Doesn't mean you can't have some fame too!\" We laughed and playfully pushed each other. I realized that we were actually pretty close. I may have been close with her before, but I had no idea what our relationship was like before I awoke here. Later that night, I was wandering about on deck, trying to fight my boredom. How Ann survived this trip without any other females, I'll never know because it would drive me insane to not have another girl to talk to. I passed a few sailors and saw them checking me out when they thought I wasn't looking. When I walked a little further, a net fell in front of me and before I could register it, I tripped over it and got all tangled up. I probably looked ridiculous trying to find my way out of the maze of knots and tangles. \"I'm so sorry, miss!\" I looked up and saw Jimmy coming to me, frantically trying to untangle me from the rope. I stopped trying to untangle myself and looked at him. There he was, just like I always wanted. He was even more gorgeous in person. \"I didn't see you!\" \"Hey,\" I said gently. Our eyes met and I felt myself lost in his green eyes. We didn't break our gaze for a while until he finally snapped out of it and went back to work. \"It's okay, really. I should've watched where I was going.\" \"I was just trying to help the crew by letting down the net, but I threw it without looking.\" \"It's fine. I'm a bit of a klutz anyway, so that probably didn't help.\" \"I'm Jimmy.\" \"I'm Brieanna, but everyone calls me Brie.\" \"It's nice to meet you, miss.\" \"Please call me Brie, Jimmy. 'Miss' is much too formal.\" Jimmy finally got me all untangled from the net and helped me stand up. \"I'm so sorry.\" \"Jimmy, it's fine! It's no big deal and there was no harm done.\" \"Well, excuse me.\" He hurriedly walked off and I smiled to myself. I had just met Jimmy and he seemed nervous to meet me! That had to mean something! I ran off to Ann's cabin and threw open the door, gladly seeing that she was decent and not doing anything important. \"Ann! I just met Jimmy!\" \"Who?\" \"He's a boy around my age who works on the ship. He's so cute!\" \"Well, that's good for you.\" \"Are you okay?\" She paused and looked up at me. \"I just saw Mr. Driscoll in the hallway on my way to the bathroom.\" \"And…?\" \"He was nice, I guess, especially since he hasn't talked to me since I mistook him for someone else. In fact, it almost seemed like he was…flirting.\" \"Not to crush your spirits, but don't look too much into it right now. There's only the two of us on this ship, and these guys' hormones are probably raging.\" \"I think you're right, Brie.\" Her smile returned. \"But it's kind of fun to think about.\" I smiled broadly and sat on her bed. \"I know!\" For who knows how long, we started gushing about our two guys. Her about Jack and me about Jimmy. It was exactly like back home with my best friend. I loved every second of it. This is another reason I couldn't understand how Ann lasted so long without anyone else. How was she supposed to talk boys? The days passed not quickly at all, and Carl usually pulled Ann away from me to shoot some scenes with her and Bruce. I don't know why Bruce was so popular because he wasn't all that great of an actor. I watched as a gorgeous sunset draped Ann's slender figure. She ran to the front of the ship in tears and really went all out for the camera. I didn't know why a director hadn't casted her before because she was amazing! She was totally into the character and was completely believable! That is until Jack came along. Jack's eyes met with hers and that's when she started to break character. I didn't blame her. From the way he as looking at her, even I would go weak at the knees. And I didn't even like him! Carl abruptly took the script pages from Jack and sent him on his way. He then turned back toward Ann and finished up the scene. \"She's so pretty,\" Jimmy said as he came up behind me. \"Yeah, she is,\" I said as I watched my friend resume her heartbreaking scene. \"We've never had actual women on this ship before. We need to do this more often! It's such a change of pace!\" I felt a surge of jealousy, even though I knew Ann was too old for him and she and Jack ended up together. \"Jimmy!\" I turned and saw a very tall African-American man call him over. I knew that had to be Mr. Hayes, a fatherly figure to Jimmy. \"Brie!\" This time, Carl called me over. He told me to walk over to Ann, comfort her for a few seconds, and then walk off with her, so that's what I did. With that, we wrapped up filming for the day. A/N: Looks like Brie has finally met Jimmy! The story really picks up after this chapter, so just hang in there with me![Chapter 3] The next morning, I awoke to Day 20 on the ship. 20 down, way too many more to go. I would never watch a montage the same way again. And I was pretty sure I was going to hate them from now on. I knew from this point on, until a few days before we reached Skull Island, nothing that happened will have been in the movie, except for a couple shots here and there that were part of the stupid montage. \"Brie!\" I turned to see Jimmy walking toward me. \"Something's up with Mr. Denham. He's being really secretive.\" \"He's a movie producer. Being secretive is practically their job.\" \"But it's different. If I didn't know any better, I'd say he was taking this ship someplace dangerous.\" You have no idea, I thought. \"Don't worry so much! Everything will work out.\" Later on that day, I was lying on the deck near the front of the ship. It probably wasn't clean at all, but I really didn't care. Lying flat on my back, I could still feel the warm ocean breeze and the gentle rocking of the ship. \"Hey, Brie.\" I looked over and saw Jimmy lie down next to me. He was so cute in every way and he was certainly talking to me a lot. I almost wanted to not go back to my own time. \"Hey, Jimmy.\" \"I've never seen a woman do this before.\" \"I'm definitely not like other women. Trust me.\" \"Well, I like it. A girl who likes the ocean and doesn't mind getting dirty? My kind of girl!\" I giggled shyly. \"Why thank you, kind sailor!\" Mr. Hayes called Jimmy over again to do more work on the ship. I watched him go from the side angle I was seeing from the deck. I guessed Ann was shooting a couple more scenes somewhere since I hadn't seen her, Bruce, or Jack for a while. I closed my eyes as I lay flat on the deck and I'm pretty sure I even dozed off a couple times. Believe it or not, I thought that the deck was a bit more comfortable than the beds in the cabins. After a while, I went down below to see if Jack was still writing the script. Sure enough, I heard the clacking of keys as I walked down the steps. \"Hello, Mr. Driscoll,\" I said as I walked over to him. \"Jack,\" he said flatly, apparently still upset with me about the whole incident on the first night. \"Look, I'm sorry I talked to you for too long and you ended up having to stay on the ship…in a cage.\" \"It's fine.\" The tone of his voice, however, suggested just the opposite. \"No, it's not. You haven't spoken a word to me this entire trip, but you've only given me cold looks.\" My anger started rising from deep within me. I was bored, I was tired, I was pretty hungry (after all, the food here was less than appetizing), and I never liked Jack Driscoll. \"Now, quit acting like a little child! Besides, if anything, you should be thankful you're here!\" My voice started getting louder and louder as more anger arose. \"I've seen the way you look at my friend! You can't keep your eyes off Ann Darrow. I know you like her, and you never even would've met her had I not kept you here! So quit thinking about how annoyed you are at me, and focus on the fact that you're falling in love! So I guess I can say 'You're welcome'!\" I spun around and stormed back up the stairs. I went all the way to my cabin and slammed the door more than a little too loud. \"Brie?\" Ann slowly came through my door. \"Mr. Denham wants you for a scene.\" She looked at me, noticing I was really steaming. \"Are you alright?\" I sighed. \"You may like Mr. Driscoll, but I'm not a fan. He's been really rude to me this whole trip because of a mistake I made. Not to mention I'm bored silly!\" Ann smiled pitifully at me. \"I'm sorry about Mr. Driscoll. And I'm sorry about you being bored. I've been so busy with Mr. Denham that I haven't thought about you!\" \"I don't mind that so much. I just wish I had something to do.\" \"Brie, you're a theater girl! Use your imagination!\" She took me to her cabin and gave me a gorgeous strapless floor-length gown that Carl wanted me to wear for the scene. I really liked it, but I wasn't the dress kind of girl. I much preferred jeans and a t-shirt, which drove my mom crazy. But I had to admit, I looked pretty good in it. Ann put my hair in an updo and we went on deck where Carl was all ready with the camera. As I came up, I caught eyes with Jimmy just for a brief second before I looked away, taking note of the look he was giving me. There was a crate ready for me and he instructed me to sit on it. I did so, giving the camera a side profile of me. Then I turned my torso, leaving my legs in the same position, and leaned back a little, then looked downward at the opposite side of the crate. Carl gave me directions on how to look and act as I sat on the crate. I had no idea what he was going to use these shots of me for. Actually, he wasn't going to use them at all. He was going to lose all the footage on the island. Jimmy came up behind Carl and caught my eyes again. I held onto his gaze for a couple seconds but refused to break character like Ann had done with Jack. I continued to do what Carl told me to do, and before long, he had what he needed. \"Brie, you're a splendid actress,\" Carl told me as he packed up his equipment. \"I need to use you for more scenes!\" \"Thank you, Mr. Denham. I'm glad I can help.\" I went to go take off the dress and change into something lighter when I ran into Jimmy. Literally. \"Oh, sorry, Jimmy!\" He laughed. \"You look beautiful, Brie.\" I smiled shyly. \"Thank you.\" I hurried off before he could say anything else. This wasn't supposed to happen. I couldn't fall in love with anyone, and he couldn't fall in love with me! I didn't belong here! …Or did I? I had to admit, the longer I stayed here, the more I felt more home here than in my own time. Back home, I was an only child. My dad was dead and Mom never really spent much time with me. I didn't have too many friends either back home because no one really shared any of my interests and I lived in a small town. Here, I was friends with lots of people, not to mention Jimmy was rather attracted to me. Maybe this was where I needed to be. But that was impossible, right? I wouldn't be able to stay even if I wanted to. Once the movie was over, I was going back. I went to my cabin and threw off the dress and changed into another dress that really complimented my figure. Then I just sat on my bed for a while thinking about Jimmy. So far, all I wanted was for him to talk to me and fall in love with me. Now that that was really happening, I needed it to not happen. If our feelings became real, it was going to be very difficult for both of us when I had to return home. On the way back up to the deck, I happened to pass by Bruce's cabin. The door was cracked open just a little bit, and I peeked in. Jimmy had a marker and he was drawing on Bruce's posters. Exhibit A of how self-righteous Bruce was. He had posters of several of his movies hanging up on his wall. \"Jimmy,\" I said, and he jumped at the sound of his name. \"Sorry,\" I smiled. He looked at me. \"Please don't tell anyone.\" I looked at one of the posters. He had drawn a mustache and thick eyebrows on Bruce's face. \"Jimmy, this is terrible!\" I exclaimed. Then I took his marker from him. \"It'd be much better if you added some thick eyelashes and a couple of ear hairs.\" I drew that onto the picture. Jimmy laughed at me, surprised by my actions. Jimmy took the marker back from me and quickly got us out. We were giggling really hard and we ended up passing Bruce. Jimmy winced when he wasn't looking, hoping we weren't caught. But Bruce didn't look twice at us and went to his cabin. I knew he was going to be mad at first until he saw how \"good\" he looked in a mustache. Jimmy and I ran giggling to the top of the ship, then full out laughed once we got to the deck. \"I can't believe we did that!\" I exclaimed. We laughed and laughed and couldn't stop laughing for the rest of the day. The next day, I wandered down below where the cages were, knowing Jack wasn't there. I wandered past the many crates, cages, and other storage items. I heard footsteps on the stairs and prayed it wasn't Jack. It ended up being Jimmy. \"Oh, sorry!\" he exclaimed. \"I didn't realize anyone was down here.\" He started to go back up, but I said, \"No, it's fine, you can stay.\" \"I just like it here. It's nice and quiet and private. It's a good place to think.\" \"It is that.\" I looked at him. \"Jimmy, why are you here? You're so young. There's so much more you can do.\" \"I like it here. I wanna stay here for the rest of my life with Mr. Hayes.\" I didn't press the issue because I didn't want to offend him or get him worked up, but I was still curious. As the days went on, Jimmy and I spent more and more time together, as did Ann and Jack. I realized Jimmy and I had quite a lot in common. He never mentioned much of his history, and I remembered they never addressed that in the movie very much. I had to wonder if he would ever tell me about his past. I was on the upper level of the ship with my hands on the railing watching Jimmy work below. \"I've got to hand it to him, he's a hard worker,\" a voice behind me said. I turned and saw Mr. Hayes walk up and stand next to me. \"He's been on this ship for nearly five years. Though he sometimes causes trouble, he's usually very helpful.\" I just nodded, not really sure where this was all going. \"I've seen the way he looks at you. You've definitely caught his eye.\" Oh my gosh, was that true? No, it couldn't happen. We couldn't be together. It wasn't possible! But this was the first time a guy I liked was noticing me. But was it just because I was the only girl on the ship (who wasn't too old for him)? \"There's more to that boy than you know,\" Mr. Hayes continued. I looked up at him. He towered over my small form. \"He needs someone like you in his life.\" \"Why would he need me when he has you?\" I asked. \"I can only give him so much. You have something to offer him that I never can.\" \"What is that?\" \"The love from a woman that he never got from his mother.\" I thought about that for a little while, and it just made me feel guiltier. I could give him that. But I was going to leave within a few weeks. And then he would be alone again. And this time, truly alone. He was going to lose Mr. Hayes on the island. How was I to leave him then? Actually, it was still unclear to everyone if Jimmy lived or died on the island. The last the audience ever saw of him was Jack holding him in the water, unconscious. Well, I would change that, even if I was to leave by the end of the movie. \"Be good to him. He's been through a lot,\" Mr. Hayes finished as he walked away. I turned back to the railing and watched as Jimmy worked with a couple of ropes, untying them and then knotting them up. He really had been through a lot. I knew that much. And I couldn't bear to leave yet another scar on his heart. A/N: What's Brie going to decide? Is it even her choice? REVIEW :)[Chapter 4] Carl started using me for more and more scenes, evidently having liked what I did while on the crate. I didn't have many outfits to wear, but Ann supplied some costumes that she had not worn for anything. He even put Jimmy in a couple of the scenes with me, remarking how we had great chemistry. I would never see how all these scenes I was in fit with the rest of his movie, although I had to admit, I was very curious. I actually wished that I could see the final product, but I was aware that not even Carl himself would see it. There was one scene where Jimmy and I had to act really in love, though I was pretty sure neither of us were acting. Carl wanted us to kiss, but I couldn't do it. I wasn't ready yet. Carl actually said that my resistance to the kiss was better anyway and kept it. I couldn't decide on my feelings and every day, they would swirl around me, telling me to choose. But I couldn't. A few days later, all of the members on the ship were on deck having a little party, just to liven up the sheer boredom everyone was experiencing. Various instruments started to be played and Bruce pushed Ann to the middle of the deck to get her to start dancing. I remembered this part of the movie. Although this had been an extended scene while two seconds of the scene had been used in a montage. Ann smiled and obliged the men's request and started dancing in a skillful way I knew I didn't have. We watched as her feet moved gracefully and she kept in time with the music. Soon Mr. Hayes pushed Jimmy into the middle with her, and Jimmy grabbed my hand, forcing me to go to the middle too. Well, this wasn't supposed to happen. Ann smiled at both of us and continued dancing. She helped me and Jimmy and soon we were all doing the same moves. I surprised even myself when I saw how my feet were moving. I noticed that Ann had silently bowed out of the dance, leaving me and Jimmy the only ones in the middle. But we kept on going. Jimmy took my hand and spun me into him then swayed with me. Then our feet moved wildly again in time with the music. We latched hands and spun around in a circle for a little while and then as the song concluded, Jimmy grabbed my legs and pulled me up into the air. I laughed as I fell over his shoulder. He gently let me down as my arms remained latched around his neck. It felt like we were the only two people on the ship as I once again became lost in his eyes. I could feel his hands on my back, loosely hugging me towards him. Against my will, as if my heart started acting before my brain could, I started leaning my head toward him. But then I gave a small smile as I allowed my hands to break away from his neck. I looked at Ann who looked at me with that all-knowing smile, and then her gaze went to Jack, who was looking at her with pure adoration. As the sun began to set, and the party wrapped up, I found myself once again at the front of the ship, taking in the soft breeze. It seemed like a year ago when I had been up here and Carl took a quick shot of me. Being up here helped me forget all about where we were headed. I smiled to the ocean and as I became more and more lost in the moment, my arms decided to once again go straight out. Suddenly, I felt two hands gently grip my waist, and a familiar voice whisper in my ear, \"It feels like you're flying, doesn't it?\" I couldn't stop myself from giggling. If only he knew what he was saying. \"Yes,\" I whispered back. His arms slid around my torso and my arms came down and rested on his. His head rested on my shoulder and I leaned my head over to touch his. Still wrapped in his embrace, we stared out at the beautiful crystal clear water. It couldn't get better than this. Later on that night, I saw Jimmy reading his book, Heart of Darkness , and went to go sit beside him. \"Is that a good book?\" I asked him. \"Yeah, it's just like me and Mr. Hayes.\" \"Will you read it to me?\" He looked at me then back at the book. \"You don't have to start at the beginning. I'll get most of it from where you are.\" He ignored what I said and turned to the first page. \"'The Nellie, a cruising yawl, swung to her anchor without a flutter of the sails, and was at rest',\" he read. \"'The flood had made, the wind was nearly calm, and being bound down the river, the only thing for it was to come to and wait for the turn of the tide.'\" I lied flat on my back and listened to his beautiful voice read the rich words back to me. I couldn't understand most of it, but I managed to get a few bits here and there. We must've stayed there for hours, the smooth sound of the sea giving life to the words. I was in a state of half-consciousness when I heard him stop reading. \"Don't stop,\" I mumbled. \"You're tired,\" he said gently. I felt an arm slip under my knees and another wrap around my arms. I felt myself pulled close to his warm body and I tensed up slightly because of how close we were. Then I was carried away and back to my own cabin. I was carefully laid down in my bed and then the covers were pulled over me. I was only faintly aware of the small kiss that was planted on my forehead before sleep overcame me.[Chapter 5] My stomach did more flops as we arrived closer and closer to the island. I knew very well what was coming. Even Carl didn't know about the savage natives we were going to run into and just how many people were going to die. He didn't know that they would scour the island looking for Ann after the natives took her and offered her to Kong. I wasn't sure he even knew who or what Kong was. The closer we got, the more restless I became, and I knew Jimmy noticed. But he never asked and I never told him. I knew this was the night where Ann and Jack finally kissed and confessed their love for each other, right before the ship turned around because of the warrant for Carl's arrest. That meant that there was one more night before we reached Skull Island. At this realization, I started hyperventilating and ran to my cabin. I wouldn't have been so freaked out if this was the 1933 version. That island was nothing compared to what I was about to face. That island had few deadly dinosaurs or anything, and Ann basically sat there, screaming for her life the whole time. This island was more violent than anyone could ever imagine, and I was about to face every part of it. Right down to the giant bugs which would be worse than any V-Rex. I sat in my cabin with the door shut, trying to slow my breathing before I ended up passing out. Then I heard a soft knock on my door as Jimmy peeked his head in. \"Brie?\" I looked back at him with tears in my eyes. Gosh, I felt so weak at the moment, and I probably looked like a total idiot. After all, I was the only one who knew what was ahead. \"Are you okay?\" \"I'm scared, Jimmy.\" He didn't ask me what I was scared of, and for that, I was grateful. I wouldn't be able to explain that I knew the future. \"I know what it's like. You feel like you've been socked in the stomach and you can't breathe. You know you have to, but it's like your brain has forgotten how.\" There was silence and I wondered if he would go on. \"It's how I felt when I was home.\" I direly wanted to ask him where and what his home was, but I didn't know how he'd react to such a question. \"I was fifteen when I came on this ship. My arm was broken in two places and I stowed away in one of the cages. I was sick and thin and starved. Mr. Hayes took me in and gave me a job, which was more than I ever wanted. My whole life is on this ship. I'm never going back to where I was. This is my home.\" I turned to look at him and I could've sworn his eyes were watering, but it might've been my eyes playing tricks on me. \"I know exactly how you feel,\" he continued. \"But you don't have to feel that way. Not here. Not with me.\" I walked towards him and put my right hand on his left cheek. My other hand rested on his chest, and I looked up into his eyes. They were filled with sorrow and longing. I leaned my head up and I saw him leaning closer to me. Before either of us could back out, I closed the gap between us. With our eyes closed, our lips danced over each other before I broke away and our foreheads touched. Just when I thought we were done, I felt his lips on mine again as we kissed each other passionately. It was my first kiss. \"Ann! Ann!\" I yelled as I burst into her cabin. \"The most amazing thing just happened!\" She smiled up at me, and I remembered that the most amazing thing had happened to her too. \"I just kissed Jimmy!\" \"That's great!\" She smiled again and pulled me closer. \"I just kissed Jack!\" \"Whoa, really?\" I asked, feigning surprise. \"Yes, and he is even writing a stage comedy for me!\" \"Whoa, that's serious! I can't believe what a night this is!\" For the next hour and a half, all we did was talk boys. It completely distracted me from the panic I had felt all day and was sure to feel all day tomorrow. Sure enough, I was antsy every waking second the next day, which did not go unnoticed. Everyone kept asking me why I was so jumpy, but I had no answer for them. The day went by so slowly, mostly because my mind was hopping and slowing time down for me. Night started to approach way too slow for me. Jimmy took me up to the crow's nest, and that's when I knew that it was almost time. But I followed him up and we stayed perched up there away from everyone else, a remarkable view ahead of us. I almost wished I'd gone up here earlier in the trip. Jimmy resumed reading Heart of Darkness to me as we sat up there. We got through a couple more chapters when a huge thick fog rolled over us. Jimmy and I stood up, surveying our surroundings. We looked ahead of us, and there was the giant wall I had been dreading seeing for the past six weeks. I heard Jimmy's breathing quicken as he screamed, \"WALL! THERE'S A WALL AHEAD!\" We felt the ship slow slightly, but it wasn't enough. Jimmy made me wrap my arms around the pole in the crow's nest, and then he wrapped his arms around me in a protective embrace as he gripped the pole as well. We both shut our eyes and waited for impact. And then it happened. The ship collided with the wall and I fell into Jimmy's arms. \"Rocks!\" we heard Jack yell from below. Jimmy looked out at the water. \"Rocks to starboard! To port! ROCKS EVERYWHERE!\" The ship rocked back and forth and rammed into several rocks. Jimmy kept a firm hold on me, protecting me from the dangerous path the ship was taking. We finally came to rest against a huge rock. The ship was stuck fast. Jimmy and I collapsed against the side of the crow's nest. Unbeknownst to anyone, this was the beginning of the end.[Chapter 6] I didn't sleep that night, nor would I sleep for a while. It was very, very early when Ann came to my cabin and told me that Carl was taking us all ashore to shoot some more scenes. The last thing I wanted to do was go on that island, but I knew I had to in order to keep the story moving. Jimmy caught me just before I got on the lifeboat. \"I don't want you going there.\" \"I'll be fine,\" I said, as I wrapped my arms around his neck. Though not everyone else will be. \"It doesn't look safe at all.\" \"Look, if I need you, I'll call for you.\" \"I won't hear you.\" I smiled. \"I'll make sure you will.\" Jimmy helped me into the lifeboat and we sailed off to the island of my nightmares. Once on the shore, Carl pulled me and Ann aside and set us near a rock. I didn't know what he was doing until he started giving us instructions. Then I remembered that this was a deleted scene from the movie, and also a scene that had been used in the 1933 version. \"You're feeling uneasy, Ann,\" Carl said to her. \"You don't feel it yet, Brie.\" I nodded and we began the scene. \"The feeling's growing, washing over you. You're trembling, Ann.\" Ann kind of spaced out for a second, and I knew that she actually was feeling very uneasy. So was I, but I had to not show it at the moment. \"Brie,\" Carl continued. \"You notice her uneasiness and start to feel uneasy yourself.\" Carl paused and called a spaced-out Ann back to attention. \"Look up slowly, girls.\" We did so and we were supposed to be looking up at something hideous and terrifying. \"You can't look away,\" Carl said. \"It scares you. You're both helpless. You want to scream, but your throats are paralyzed…There's just once chance. If you can scream…\" We both started shaking, but refused to break our gaze away from whatever we were supposed to be looking at. I was so far from acting right now. I was terrified. \"Try to scream, girls, try.\" We both opened our mouths, but nothing came out. Here it came. \"Grab each other and scream,\" Carl said calmly. Then with more force, he shouted, \"Scream, girls! Scream for your life!\" Ann and I latched onto each other, closed our eyes, and both of us let out huge, high screams. And then there was the roar. A loud, long roar echoed out across the air, and sent my stomach down to my feet. Everyone looked towards the entrance to the small city, astounded by what they just heard. No one but me knew what it was. \"Was that a bear?\" Bruce asked. So far from, I thought. We all began the trek to the city and unknowingly, the natives. \"What was that?\" Ann asked me. \"I don't know,\" I lied. \"And I don't want to find out.\" We entered the city and it was as quiet as death. There was no sign of life anywhere, but I knew better. Carl started filming again as we all slowly walked through the village. Suddenly, there was the sound of a girl crying, but it sounded like it was in my head! Then I remembered what it was. While everyone looked through the village, there were different sounds that symbolized the sacrificial ritual. First, there was the sound of a girl sobbing, which represented her getting ready to be offered to Kong. Then there was the sound of screaming as she actually was offered to Kong and later killed. That was when we noticed the young native girl, standing in the middle of the city, staring at us. My heart started pounding as this was where the movie really picked up for audiences, but meant bad luck for us. \"Mr. Denham, I think we should go back,\" Ann whispered. As much as I wanted to agree with her and press the issue, I couldn't. If we went back, Ann wouldn't scream, the natives wouldn't need her, and basically there was no story anymore. \"I will handle this,\" Carl said as took out a chocolate bar. He started to walk to the girl, and I watched with dread, knowing what had to come. Sure enough, the rain started to fall just as Carl took the girl's hand and she fought back fiercely. Realization hit Carl. They were not alone at all. \"It's alright! Just a bunch of women and old folks! They're harmless!\" Mike lurched and fell to his knees beside me and Ann. We looked and saw a huge spear right in the center of him. Ann let out a loud and very long scream, which was answered by another huge roar from none other than Kong. \"Toré Kong,\" an old woman whispered. \"Toré Kong!\" Seemingly from out of nowhere, male natives appeared and started restraining everyone. Ann ran to the safety of Jack's arms, but it wasn't long before they were pulled apart. Everywhere I looked, people from our party were grabbed and held back, or a knife was held to their throat, or worse yet, they were taken to a beheading stone. That's when several natives grabbed my arms and yanked in several directions. I didn't know why, or what they wanted from me, but I was scared. I didn't mean for it to happen. It just did. In the heat of the moment, I let out an even longer and higher scream than Ann had. My scream was followed by an even louder and fiercer roar than before. The natives looked at both me and Ann, as if deciding which one they wanted. That scared me. I couldn't be the one they chose. It had to be Ann! The old woman from before began saying strange words to me and Ann as natives held us side-by-side. But before anything else happened, several gunshots rang out, and the natives scattered. Several of the men from the ship came through the village, guns pointed. \"Brie?\" I heard. I saw Jimmy following Mr. Hayes and ran toward him. My body crashed into his and I grabbed onto him so tightly, I thought I would never be able to let go. A couple tears leaked out against my will as I felt his arms go around me. I knew very well that this was so far from over. A/N: Has Brie messed up the story? What will the natives do? Will they still take Ann or is Brie going to be the new sacrifice?[Chapter 7] A/N: Okay, so FYI, italics are third person POV. I wanted to put more into the story that wasn't from Brie's point of view, so that's what I did. Everyone except Mike got back to the ship. I cringed every time I thought about his cold, dead body just lying there on the island. I was sitting in my cabin freaked out beyond words. I wanted Jimmy with me, but he had to help the crew get the ship away from the rock. I couldn't stand being here alone. I looked out my cabin door and maneuvered my way over to Ann's cabin. I was extra careful where I went because I was well aware that the native sent to get Ann may very well be on the ship by now. I made it all the way safely and I slowly opened her door and peeked in. I noticed that she breathed a sigh of relief, and I figured she must be more freaked out than I was. \"Ann?\" I said quietly as I opened her door. \"I'm scared.\" \"I know,\" she said. \"Me too.\" She motioned for me to come sit with her, so I did after closing the door. I sat down on her bed beside her and she wrapped her arm around me while I laid my head on her shoulder. I gripped her other hand and held it tightly as her hand rubbed my shoulder. I realized now just how close we really were and how much of a big sister she was to me. Our moment didn't last long as the door handle started to turn. I was pretty sure I was going to faint from pure fear in a few seconds. This part was never in the movie. It cut from Ann looking at the door to her in the water. That was going to change now! The door swung open, and there stood a fierce-looking native looking more terrifying than ever. Before either of us could do anything, the native back-handed Ann and knocked her out cold. Then he grabbed me and started dragging me to the door! Wait a second! This wasn't right! He was supposed to take Ann, not me! Had that one little scream really affected everything? I started kicking furiously, knocking over everything in sight. \"Ann!\" I screamed. I kept screaming some more, desperate for anyone to hear me. I didn't care if I messed up the plot now, I just didn't want to get taken by the native! The native clapped his hand over my mouth and continued pulling me to the door. I fought fiercely, but it wasn't enough. Before I knew it, I was in the native's hold, choking on seawater. This wasn't right! It wasn't supposed to be me! I managed to fight my way out of the native's hold at one point and I tried to fight the waves and swim away. But it wasn't long before I felt a hand on my ankle, and I was pulled back into the native's arms. We reached the beach, and I was grabbed by several natives. I knew struggling was absolutely pointless because I was severely outnumbered, but out of fear and panic, I struggled anyway. I knew what was coming, and I had never been so scared in all my life. Jimmy had never seen Brie so scared before. It took everything to pry her off him when he found her on the island. A wave crashed over him and he fell over onto the deck. That was when he saw it: a native's necklace. The sight of it made his stomach lurch. He tried to run to Brie's cabin to make sure she was safe. People kept blocking the already very cramped hallway and he couldn't get to her fast enough. \" Brie!\" he screamed. He finally made it to her cabin and saw that it was fine, though Brie was nowhere in sight. He then ran to Ann's cabin, but fell as the ship took a sharp swerve. The door to Ann's cabin swung open, and there laid Ann, unconscious, surrounded by a completely trashed cabin. Jimmy ran to her and gently shook her awake. \" Ann!\" he cried. \"Ann!\" Ann slowly came to and a sense of panic overtook her face. \"They've taken her!\" she screamed. They both heard cheering and felt the ship lurch, signaling it was free from the rock. But they couldn't leave now! They were missing someone! Jimmy and Ann ran screaming to Captain Englehorn. \" Stop!\" Ann screamed. \" Turn back!\" Jimmy screamed after her. Crew members turned to look at them as they raced to the steering room. \" We have to turn back!\" they both screamed at different times. Captain Englehorn turned to look at them both as they ran up the stairs and paused halfway up. \" They've taken Brie,\" Jimmy breathed. The natives grabbed my arms and pulled me towards the village. I desperately tried to break free, but they had a firm grip. I was taken through a group of the natives and then forced to my knees in front of the old woman from before. Her eyes were red as she chanted to me in strange words. She then splashed some liquid on me that smelled terrible. I never had any idea why this was part of the ritual. I just wanted this all to be over with. They led me into the village and onto the place where the bamboo posts were. At the sight of them, I started struggling even more. Of course, it didn't matter. They kept a firm hold on me while my wrists were tied with the strong vines attached to the bamboo. Then they finally released my very red arms. I'm pretty sure a tear rolled down my face, but I couldn't tell if it was that, water, or sweat. The old woman came up to me chanting again, and placed a huge oddly shaped necklace on me. All I could keep thinking was that this wasn't right. I was pulled forward slowly from where I stood, and I realized that they bamboo posts were now moving, taking me with them. I struggled even more against my bonds. I stayed on the bamboo floor for as long as I could before the posts swung too far forward, and I was swept into the air. My arms felt like they were going to rip right off. I didn't know which was worse. Hanging here in the air, or touching the ground knowing that Kong was going to appear in a few seconds. The answer was they were equally horrifying. As soon as my feet landed on the ground, I wanted to be back in the air. I struggled more against my restraints. That was when the crunch was heard. My head snapped forward as I froze at the sound. My eyes scanned the forest ahead of me, but it was pitch black and I couldn't see anything. There was a loud thump and Kong stood in front of me! I let out a huge scream as he walked forward. A terrifying thought hit me. I wasn't blonde! Everyone knows that Kong mostly went soft on Ann because she was blonde! Kong's huge hand touched my skin, and the weight of it forced me back. Was it because I was white? It had to be! In the movie, he felt her blonde hair, confused by it. Was he confused by my skin? Gunshots rang out behind me, and I threw my head back, my sweat-drenched hair sticking to my face. \"Help!\" I screamed. I could barely hear my own voice over the commotion. I looked back up and saw Kong's hand coming for me! He grabbed me tightly and I could barely breathe as he tore my arms away from the posts, nearly snapping my arms off. There was silence as Kong held me up to him. I let out my biggest, longest, loudest scream yet. All of the fear, panic, lack of sleep, and exertion from struggling crashed down on me at once. Kong's eyes stared at me as I began to black out. The last thing I remember was thinking, It wasn't supposed to be me.[Chapter 8] Jimmy was ready to go after Brie with the rest of the crew when Mr. Hayes stopped him. \" Not you, Jimmy,\" he said sternly. \" Come on, Mr. Hayes, none of them know which way to point a gun!\" Mr. Hayes took the gun from Jimmy's hands. \"Stay here.\" \" But Brieanna needs me!\" \" No!\" Jimmy was not about to leave Brie out there. She needed him to save her from whatever had taken her. He had to be the one to save her. He needed her to be with him, safe in his arms. He noticed a black woolen hat nearby and grabbed it and another gun before anyone saw him, and took off with the other men. No one was going to stop him from getting Brie back. It was still night when I awoke. I'm not sure how I came to, but it didn't matter. I couldn't focus on that! Kong was carrying me deep into the jungle as panic rose higher and higher inside of me. All I could keep thinking was that I wasn't blonde! What was I supposed to do? Maybe if I could manage to do everything Ann did in the movie, I could survive. But I was having trouble focusing at the moment as I was whipped around all over the place. My surroundings flew by me, and Kong's grip on me was so tight, I could barely breathe. I was trying not to throw up as my stomach began to churn from being thrown all over. Kong finally stopped moving through the jungle, and I knew this was it. I looked around and knew we were at the boneyard where he killed all his victims. If I didn't do something here, he was going to kill me right then and there. I tried to think. What had Ann done here? I couldn't concentrate as Kong whipped me around even more. My mind tried to remember what happened in the movie. I was whipped upside down and my necklace started to fall off, but I caught if before it fell too far from me. Then I remembered what she did. As I stared at Kong's fierce face, ready to eat me, I took my necklace and jabbed it into his hand. His hand opened and I fell onto all the bones on the ground. I wasted no time in getting up and running. All I could do was get away from him so I didn't have to answer the question of would he still like me even if I wasn't blonde. I ran as fast as I could, but before I knew it, I was swept up in his hand again. I let out another loud scream, but it was shorter because my oxygen supply was once again cut off. Kong carried me through the huge jungle once again, leaping and jumping from place to place. I could tell I was about to pass out again as black spots crossed my vision. Sure enough, I soon was gone from the world I knew. Jack forbid Ann from coming with them because this island was very dangerous. They all knew that. She stayed with Englehorn and some other crew members back at the village. Everything was going just fine for Jimmy until Mr. Hayes ripped off his black cap. \" Just keep walking, Mr. Hayes, pretend you didn't see me,\" Jimmy said. \" Jeez, Jimmy!\" Mr. Hayes exclaimed as he took the rifle from his hands. \" Hey, I need that!\" \" I'm not giving you a gun!\" \" You were younger than me when they gave you one!\" \" I was in the army! I was trained. I had a drill sergeant!\" Jimmy looked at him with sorrow in his eyes. \"I need to help bring her back.\" He paused before adding, \"I love her.\" Mr. Hayes gave him back the rifle and stopped him before he went on. \"Don't make me regret it.\" They kept walking for a long time before everyone needed a break. As they stopped, Jack bent down and looked at a huge footprint in the ground. \" Is that what took Brie?\" Jimmy asked, his heart sinking. \" There's only one creature capable of leaving a footprint that size,\" Lumpy said. \"The abominable snowman!\" Jimmy rolled his eyes. They didn't have time for this. He needed to find Brie! He wanted to feel her in his arms again and feel the tingling sensation when their lips touched. He wanted to hear her sweet voice whisper sweet things to him, and most of all, he wanted her to be safe from whatever creature took her. I wasn't sure when I awoke again, but it was nearing daylight. I tried to remember what happened next in the movie, but it was all getting foggy. At this point, I wasn't sure how to fix what I had completely screwed up. The rest of the movie was unpredictable, for the most part. That was when I remembered Ann had played dead in order to distract Kong and make her escape. Maybe I could actually escape like she hadn't. I went limp in Kong's hand and before long, I felt myself crash onto the hard ground. It took everything I had to not move or make a sound. It had to be a good sign that I had made it this far. Kong's hand tossed me around a little, trying to make me move, seeing if I was alive. I waited a while after his prodding had ceased and then allowed my eyes to open and slightly look at him. He was facing away from me and eating some bamboo. I slowly moved, trying not to make any sort of noise. Just a few feet away from me was the entrance to my freedom. I just had to get there without him noticing me. I continued to move, and then quickly stole a glance back at Kong. I noticed he was moving to look at me, so I quickly resumed my lifeless pose, praying that he didn't noticed I had moved. I heard him start eating again and so I started moving. I looked back at him as I kept crawling away. My hand touched something furry, and I looked and saw I was touching a huge spider! I did my best not to utter a sound, but it took all my willpower. I scurried away from it and hid behind a rock, looking back at Kong. I felt another bug land on my back and I flinched while still trying not to cry out. I turned and saw the tunnel that would lead me to my freedom. I slowly got up and walked into it, taking note of the spiderwebs that caked the walls. This was it. Ann hadn't been able to escape, but maybe I could. I had to. I ran out of the tunnel and looked around me. Kong was nowhere in sight. I ran faster before a hand crashed down right in front of me. My heart sank. He had caught me. I tried to run back to the tunnel where he couldn't follow, but his other hand stopped me from progressing. He had me cornered. My mind raced, trying to think about what Ann had done in order to stop him from killing her. She did flips and juggled and danced, everything she had done in her show. I couldn't do that! She had spent years doing that kind of stuff and practicing it. I couldn't do anything like that! What was I supposed to do? Kong growled at me, daring me to try to escape, predicting my movements. Alright, I had had enough of this. I looked up at him defiantly. He growled at me again and prepared to move whichever way I moved. Without warning, I jumped up as high as I could and crashed down on the ground, which surprised him so much he growled at me again. I then hopped back up to my feet and looked at him. He didn't seem amused, which meant I had to step it up. I slowly moved my feet around in a little dance, then purposefully fell over. Once again, I hopped quickly back up to my feet, and stared at him. That was it. He actually started laughing. Alright, now I had to keep this up if I wanted to get Kong to like me. I couldn't do anything Ann did in the movie. I couldn't juggle, and I certainly couldn't do flips. So I'd have to do my own thing. I did the dance Ann had shown me and Jimmy on the ship. It was, of course, harder to do with one person, since Jimmy had danced with me, but I managed to do it successfully and I kept Kong happy. To wrap it up, I grabbed a stick and started dancing with it and then struck a final pose with me leaning on it. Kong wasted no time in keeping up his fun and knocked the stick out of my grasp, sending me to the ground. He started laughing at my pain. I stood back up and he took his huge finger and knocked me right down on the ground again. I held my stomach and carefully stood back up again, just for him to knock me down once again. This time, I stayed on the ground as my stomach ached terribly, thanks to the weight of his hand. But Kong made me stand up again just to knock me down. This happened three times before I had had enough. Just as he went to knock me down, I hit his hand. \"No!\" I screamed. \"I said no!\" He looked at me, shocked that I had the nerve to do that. \"That's everything I can do. Stop hurting me!\" He roared at me in anger. This was the moment of truth. In the movie, Kong hadn't hurt Ann as he had a massive tantrum. Right now, he was either going to kill me or let me live. I flinched a little at the falling rocks, but it proved to be the latter. Kong's tantrum subsided and I was still breathing. He looked at me, almost sadly, and then hopped off. I was feeling very torn. I was now free, but I wasn't sure I would survive this island without him. I almost called for him, but I wasn't sure if he would kill me if I did so. All I could do was run.[Chapter 9] A/N: This chapter has to do with the dinosaur fight, so it's a bit long and descriptive. Just stay with me! Jimmy began to cross the log with the rest of his party, beginning to feel very drained. Mr. Hayes turned to look at him. \"If anything happens, I want you to run. Understand?\" \" I'm not a coward. I ain't gonna run.\" \" It's not about being brave, Jimmy.\" \" I'm not gonna give up on Brie.\" He looked at Mr. Hayes strongly. \"She needs me.\" Mr. Hayes walked up to the cave cautiously looking through, when he shouted, \"Go back! Back across the log!\" Jimmy watched in horror as a huge gorilla swept Mr. Hayes up in his huge hand. Jimmy stared at the creature. That had to be what had taken Brie! But if that thing was here, where was she? He didn't have time to think about that as Kong threw Mr. Hayes at the wall of the ravine. Jimmy watched his father figure lose his life before his eyes. He sank down onto the log in despair, screaming over and over again. The gorilla started to overturn the log and it didn't take long for the whole party to end up at the bottom of the ravine. Jimmy hit his head and began to black out. His last thoughts were of Brie. A thought crossed my mind. What was happening with the other party? Jack had been the one to save Ann, but he did that because he loved her. Did that mean Jimmy was going to be the one to save me? He was so young though. I didn't think he could make it like Jack did. Would Jack still be the one to save me? Could anyone save me? I had a feeling Jack wasn't going to come after little old me. Jimmy would in a heartbeat. But would Mr. Hayes allow him to do that? Was I going to be stuck here forever? Why had I had to change the plot of the whole story? I wasn't going to do any good here, so I started scouring the jungle, hoping to avoid the huge dinosaur Ann had run into. But everything looked the same and I couldn't tell where I was or if I was close to the creature. I heard gunshots in the distance that sounded so close and yet still so far away. \"I'm over here!\" I screamed, though I was sure no one heard me. \"Please help me!\" I ran in the direction I thought the gunshots were, but as far as I knew, I could've been going in the complete opposite direction. I ran through the brush, being careful to check around me in case there were any bugs or killer dinosaurs near me. As if my luck couldn't get worse, I turned to go in one direction, and there stood the killer dinosaur from the movie, feasting on a poor leaf-eater's flesh. I slowly walked backward, careful to not make a sound. I knew what came next, and no matter what I did, there was no avoiding it. Sure enough, I ran into another dinosaur of the same kind. I turned and ran from it as fast as I could, praying that I was as fast as Ann if not faster. Blind by fear and panic, I ran into a log to get away from it. It followed me into the log, crushing it as it came. I desperately tried to back away, and just when I couldn't go further, the thing squealed and was dragged away. I tried to catch my breath, and remember what came next. That's when I noticed a huge centipede crawling across the top of the log. It crawled toward me and its antennae rubbed my face. I hated bugs more than anything, and now I had a choice. Stay here with the bugs which may or may not hurt me, or run away from a V-Rex? As a huge beetle-like thing crawled on my shoulder, I made my choice. I shoved it off my shoulder and ran out of the log. I didn't want to look behind me, knowing what stood there. I heard it growling, and I knew I had to run. I never looked at the V-Rex behind me as I kept running, wasting no time in trying to get away from it. After falling down a slope, getting all dirty, I was safe from its sight behind the trees. I knew all I had to do was scream and Kong would come find me. Or at least, I hoped he would. Maybe he didn't like me the way he liked Ann and wouldn't come for me if I screamed. It didn't matter right now because if I did scream, I'd give myself away and the V-Rex would find me. I ran to a huge log attached to the land and laid flat to hide myself from its view. I watched as it started walking the other way. Oh, crap…Why had I gone here? There was another V-Rex beside the log, waiting for me. I totally forgot all about that! I guess now is when my question would be answered. Did Kong like me enough to save me? I didn't even look at the V-Rex as it slammed its head against the log. I dodged its head, but the log shook and I nearly fell off. I managed to stay on until its head hit the log again. I let out a huge scream as I fell from the log and managed to grab onto the branch like Ann did. I waited but Kong didn't come. In the movie, he had come to save her by then. I watched horrified as the V-Rex leaned its head to me and opened its mouth. I guess my dance hadn't been enough. I closed my eyes and waited for death to come when I heard pounding footsteps. I opened my eyes and looked over. Kong suddenly burst through the trees and kicked the V-Rex's head away from me. All the shaking from the log caused me to lose my grip on the branch and I felt the world rush past me as I fell. Before I even came close to the ground, Kong caught me in his hand. I took some deep breaths and smiled. Kong liked me enough to protect me. He started fighting the V-Rex one-handed, as I was in his other hand, when I saw the first V-Rex coming towards us. \"Oh. No!\" I looked back at Kong, but he didn't even notice the other V-Rex. It was coming closer and closer to me. It opened its mouth! I screamed and Kong moved his hand at the last second. I was safe, but the V-Rex chomped into his arm. I winced at how much it had to have hurt. Kong threw the two V-Rexes off him. The V-Rexes took a stand before Kong. I always loved this part of the movie. It was super intense, but it showed how great Kong was and how much he was willing to help Ann. I just hoped he was willing enough with me, or I was in trouble. Kong raised his hand up with me in it to keep me away from the V-Rexes when yet another one popped out from behind the brush and almost ate me before Kong pulled me away. In a flash, Kong started fighting all three V-Rexes at once. I kept flying from hand to hand, depending on which hand he needed. Each time, I thought I was going to fall, but each time, he caught me before I even moved an inch to the ground. The fight ensued and I lost count of how many injuries Kong received. He neared all the V-Rexes to a large sloped cliff. One by one, they fell down the slope to the ground below. Kong himself got pulled off the slope, but he managed to hang onto it. I flew up in the air, and he caught me with one of his feet. I was so scared, I didn't even think about the gross factor of that act. Kong pulled the last V-Rex off the ledge. It was almost gone when it latched onto Kong's leg at the last second. It just so happened that that was the leg I was in. The V-Rex's weight pulled Kong off the slope and we all plunged down. Kong lost his grip on me and I fell screaming onto some vines. Kong was considerably lower than me and I watched from my perch as he fought the V-Rex. That was when I noticed that there was a V-Rex right in front of me, tangled up in the vines. It started swinging toward me to try to win the prize: me. I tried to swing away from it, but I just made it worse. I ended up swinging closer to it. I screamed again and noticed Kong look up at me. I looked back, actually looking into his eyes, begging for help. He received the message immediately and defeated the V-Rex even faster. Then he started climbing up to me. I looked at him again, silently wishing he'd hurry up. The V-Rex was just about to close his mouth on me when it suddenly was pulled down by Kong. We all fell even more, but I kept my grip on the vines I was hanging onto. I crashed into the wall and lost my grip and ended up hanging on one of the V-Rex's teeth! Below me, the other V-Rex opened its mouth, waiting for me to fall so it could have a meal. The V-Rex I was hanging to started swinging, so the V-Rex below me followed me with its mouth. I hung on as long as I could because if I fell, it was all over. Kong smacked the V-Rex below me in the head, knocking it away from me just in time. The V-Rex I was hanging onto snapped its mouth closed in an attempt to catch me, but I let go of it before it had the chance. I fell onto more vines, and I noticed Kong tried to catch me, but he was too far away from me. I actually landed on top of a V-Rex's head! I couldn't hang onto it as I had nowhere to hold and I got flung off quickly and landed in the pile of vines again. The V-Rex started swinging towards me again and I looked up to Kong for support, but he was busy fighting the other V-Rex. Just before the V-Rex in front of me was about to catch me, I dropped again and landed on another vine below, clutching onto it for dear life. The V-Rex squirmed in the vines and managed to snap a few and fall some more feet. The vine I was hanging onto snapped and I once again found myself on top of the V-Rex! Its weight finally caused all the vines to snap and I found myself flung into a huge pool of dirty water below. I wasted no time in getting up and running across a clearing to try to get away from the V-Rex. It also wasted no time in getting up and quickly caught up with me. This had to be it. I couldn't run from the V-Rex any longer. I was weak, tired, and had nowhere to go. Then the ground shook as Kong landed behind me. I turned around to see him ready to defend me, and that's when I knew he liked me as much as Ann. How could he not after all the fighting he had just done? The V-Rex let out a long roar, causing me to turn back around. I no longer had any fear of Kong at all and I started to back up to get to him, where I would be safe. I was aware of Kong looking at me, surprised by my actions, but thankful for them as well. The V-Rex charged and so did Kong. I got roughly pushed out of the way and watched the ensuing battle between Kong and the final V-Rex. It was more disturbing than I ever imagined and I couldn't look away as much as I wanted to. The fight ended with Kong smashing the V-Rex's jaw, and triumphantly pounding his chest. I looked up at him, completely thankful for everything he had done for me. My fear was now gone, with just a little lingering about whether or not I would be saved. Kong refused to look my way, and I chuckled at how stubborn he was. He started to take off again, but I wasn't letting him go this time. I was not about to face this jungle alone again. \"Wait!\" I screamed as I ran after him. His huge hand swept me up and I got tossed onto his shoulder. I felt like I was going to fall off, but Kong kept me safe, like he had the entire day. \"Thank you,\" I whispered to him.[Chapter 10] Jimmy awoke at Jack's shaking, and immediately broke down at the thought of losing Mr. Hayes. He wasn't allowed to mourn for long as lots of absolutely huge cricket-like things came out from various holes on the walls and on the ravine floor. They jumped on various members of the party, including Jack. Jimmy grabbed a gun and began shooting at the bugs. After many members of the party were lost, and more bugs started to surround them, shooting came from the top of the ravine. Jimmy looked up and saw Englehorn, Bruce, and some other sailors wielding guns and shooting at the insects. Ropes were let down and the rest of the party prepared to climb it. \" Jack,\" Jimmy said softly to him. \"Brie's still out there.\" \" Jimmy…\" \" I know she's still out there. We have to find her.\" Jack gave him a look that said he wasn't too keen on looking for her, so Jimmy said what he had to say. \"If it was Ann out there, wouldn't you do everything in your power to go find her?\" Jack sighed. Of course he would. \" Alright, you go back with the others and I'll go and find her.\" \" No. I'm coming with you.\" \" It's too dangerous, Jimmy!\" \" I don't care! I want to get Brie back!\" Jack saw he was fighting a losing battle. He tossed a rope up the other side of the wall and let Jimmy go ahead of him. Once they finally reached the top, they heard, \"Jimmy! Driscoll! Don't be fools! Give it up, it's useless! She's dead!\" \" No, she's not!\" Jimmy screamed back. They saw Carl and Englehorn talking for a while, and then Carl turned back towards them. \" Look after yourselves!\" he called. \" Keep the gate open!\" Jack called back. Jimmy and Jack set off to go find Brie, Jimmy's determination leading him ahead of Jack. He wasn't going to lose the woman he loved. Especially not at the hand of the thing that killed his mentor. After much travel, the sun started going down, creating a beautiful sunset. Kong gently took me off his shoulder and put me back on the ground. We were on a ledge that overlooked the entire island and made me a bit dizzy. I looked up at Kong and he looked tired and worn out. That was understandable, considering what he just went through trying to protect me. I started to dance a little bit like I had before to try to get another smile out of him. I ended up being so intent on trying to make him laugh that I misstepped and actually fell over. I saw Kong flinch a little, but he quickly turned away when he saw I was fine. I smiled. \"I got your attention, didn't I?\" He refused to look at me. \"You're a stubborn gorilla, aren't you?\" We both looked out at the sunset. \"It's beautiful,\" I remarked. I loved this part. It was so cute how Kong and Ann connected. I just hope I could make the same connection. I knew I needed a sign for beautiful, but I hated what Ann did. She pointed to herself, which seemed completely conceited to me. So instead, I did the sign language for \"beautiful.\" I put my hand up to my face, closed my fingers, then opened them again. \"Beautiful,\" I whispered as I did so. I did the sign again and whispered \"beautiful.\" Kong outstretched his palm near me, and I climbed into it. He just held me there as we looked out at the sky. I hugged my knees to my chest, and I felt no fear. Only security. The sunset slowly disappeared and turned to a navy blue sky, speckled with bright stars. My eyes began to droop. I realized that I hadn't gotten a peaceful sleep in a few days, not to mention I was exhausted from running from V-Rexes. Kong must've noticed my fatigue because he lifted up his hand. On instinct, I grabbed onto his fingers to keep from falling. He gently lifted me up and laid me on his arm where I could sleep. He felt so soft and my tiredness heightened. I closed my eyes and drifted quickly into one of the best sleeps I'd ever had. I'm not sure what made me wake up, but I stirred in the middle of my sleep. It took my drowsy, sleep-deprived eyes a second to see that Jimmy and Jack were in front of me. I felt such relief, knowing that I wasn't going to be stuck here forever. I was also happy that Jimmy was here. I knew he must be really tired and terribly sad at the moment, but he was still here. \"Jimmy,\" I just barely whispered, worried that Kong would hear me. \"Brie,\" he mouthed back. Jack held Jimmy back and started to walk towards me. I knew Kong was going to wake up the second he touched me, but I couldn't help myself. I reached for his hand and sure enough, Kong's eyes snapped open. He roughly wrapped his hand around me and yanked me back. I felt the wind knocked out of me. \"Jimmy! Jack! RUN!\" I screamed. Jimmy took his rifle and prepared to shoot but I screamed for him not to. Jack knocked the rifle out of his hand. These bat-like creatures swarmed Kong and he put me down in an attempt to fight back. His large body managed to separate me and the guys. I kept trying to find an opening, but Kong kept blocking me. Finally I decided to just risk it and ran through, dodging Kong's moves. I crashed into Jimmy and hugged him tightly, so thankful to see him again. Jack pulled the both of us away and attempted to find a way to get us down the cliff while Kong was busy fighting the bat-things. Jack grabbed a vine and tied it around all of our waists. Then he began to lower Jimmy and me and then lowered himself down. But it didn't take long for Kong to notice our absence and he began to pull the vine back up. A bat-thing flew by us and clawed at Jack's face. He quickly grabbed onto its talon and used a knife to chop the vine Jimmy and I were tied to. The bat-thing sank because of the weight but miraculously managed to hang onto all three of us. Jack released the talon as we sailed over a river and we all dropped in. I felt a hand grab mine and I was pulled up by Jimmy. We all swam as fast as we could and finally landed on the bank. Then Jimmy grabbed my hand again and we took off running to the village. I fell at one point and in order to keep us moving, Jimmy swept me up in his arms and carried me the rest of the way. I hated it because it's what happened to Ann in the 1933 version and it made her look even weaker than she already was. But at the same time, I felt close to Jimmy. I had never been this close to a guy before, except for when he carried me to my cabin, and it felt good. He put me down when we got to the bamboo posts at the altar. The memories flooded back to me all at once. The fear, the panic, the exhaustion, all of it. The posts were in the air to the point where we couldn't cross the chasm to get to the village. \"Carl!\" Jack screamed. \"Please help!\" I screamed. I knew very well that they were there. Carl was just waiting for Kong to be close enough so he could capture him. \"Have they gone?\" Jimmy asked crestfallen. \"No,\" I answered a little too quickly. \"I know they're there.\" I heard a scream from the other side of the wall and the bridge suddenly dropped. The three of us ran hopped across it as Kong came closer and closer. He appeared from the jungle and hopped onto the wall and tried to break in as I went through the door. \"Brie?\" I heard. I looked over and saw Ann running to me. Our bodies crashed into each other and we hugged tightly. \"I'm so glad you're okay!\" she said. \"I thought I'd lost you!\" \"No, I'm okay!\" But when I looked around, what I saw terrified me. Everyone was ready to capture Kong with nets and chloroform. \"No,\" I whispered. Ann hadn't been able to prevent his capture, but maybe I could. But I didn't get a chance to do anything before Kong crashed through the gate and the nets were dropped and chloroform was thrown. \"No!\" I screamed. I started to run toward him, but Jimmy and Ann held me back. \"He'll kill you, Brie!\" Jimmy said. \"No, he won't! He's protected me from everything on this island! Now I need to protect him!\" I started to run to him again, but Jimmy held me back once again. \"Let go of me,\" I said defiantly. He looked at me for a second and then began pulling me to the ship once again. \"No, don't!\" I screamed, knowing what would happen if he did so. Kong's eyes locked on mine and he threw the net off him angrily. Jimmy kept dragging me to the boat, as much as I fought. \"Stop! Please Jimmy!\" \"I don't want to lose you too!\" \"You won't! He just wants me back! That's all! I can stop all of this!\" Before long, the rest of the sailors were running to get in the boats, and Kong was hot on their heels. Jimmy actually picked me up and put me in the lifeboat, then climbed in himself and held onto me. Ann climbed in after him and grabbed me as well as Englehorn hopped in after us. \"Please stop!\" I cried to him. \"Get out of his sight!\" he yelled back. \"Don't hurt him! He just wants me! Just let me go to him!\" Carl threw a bottle of chloroform on him and Englehorn fired his harpoon. As Kong started to go unconscious, he reached out for me. With tears in my eyes, I wrenched myself out of Jimmy's grasp and got out of the boat, dodging Jimmy and Englehorn's arms. I ran up to him and put my very small hand in his. I touched his face, and whispered to him, \"I'm so sorry. I didn't want this to happen.\" He growled in acknowledgement before finally falling unconscious. Tears leaked out of my eyes. I felt a soft touch on my shoulders and saw Jimmy and Ann reaching for me. They gently tore me away from Kong and I was led back to the ship.[Chapter 11] If I thought the trip to the island was bad, the trip from was far worse. I was pretty sure I was going to hate movies for fast-forwarding time too much for a very long time. I had another six weeks on the ship to get through before we got back to New York. And they were terrible. I stayed holed up in my cabin almost all the time with the door locked, allowing entrance to people very few times. The ship was harder to manage now, considering we had lost over half of the members on the ship and everyone's load was doubled. Englehorn kept Kong locked up in the bottom of the ship and drugged him in order to keep him subdued. One night, when mostly everyone on the ship was asleep, I snuck down below to go see him. I knew he wouldn't see me, and if he did, he wouldn't remember it, but I did it anyway. I felt tears come to my eyes against my will at the sight of him. He wasn't meant to be locked up and drugged like this. He was wild and free. He was in a position where he was close enough for me to touch. I softly went up to him and rubbed his soft fur. \"I'm so sorry you have to be like this right now. It's not right.\" His eyes drowsily opened, but I could tell they weren't seeing straight and his brain wasn't in the right place. \"Hey, there,\" I whispered to him. \"How are you feeling? I wish you were better so you could remember who I was.\" It didn't take long for his eyes to close again, but I kept stroking his fur. \"Brie!\" I jumped at the sound of my name and turned to see Jimmy not far from where I was. \"What do you think you're doing?\" \"I didn't want him to be alone. He's not meant to be caged like this.\" \"If he wasn't like this, we'd all be dead by now.\" \"You don't know him.\" \"He killed Mr. Hayes!\" Jimmy shouted just a little too loud. I stared him down. \"Jimmy, this is not the time or place. Please go back up and leave us alone.\" Jimmy frowned at me and left in a huff. I didn't really know who I was specifically mad at at the time. Just everyone. Kong moved his hand and it stuck out a little from the bars. I went up to his arm and laid down on it. Before I knew it, I was fast asleep. \"Brieanna!\" I jumped awake at the harsh voice calling my name. I looked up and saw Englehorn staring at me. \"What are you doing down here?\" \"He needs me, so I came to be with him.\" \"He doesn't need you. He's knocked out.\" \"Exactly. He needs someone here with him, even if he doesn't know there is someone there.\" \"I think it's best if you go back up.\" I begrudgingly stood up to walk back up the stairs. Englehorn put his hand on me, but I refused to let him touch me and backed away from his hand. I silently traveled back to my cabin and once again holed myself away. \"Brie?\" Ann's voice said outside the door. \"May I come in?\" I went to the door and slowly opened it. \"Brie, talk to me. What's wrong? You always stay in here and you're barely eating anything. I'm worried about you. What happened on that island?\" I looked up at her and motioned for her to sit down. I told her everything that had happened to me from the second I was taken by the natives. She listened patiently, never interrupting and waited for me to finish. I realized halfway through that I was ranting more than explaining and tried to calm down, but I didn't. When I finished my story, Ann gave me a huge hug, seemingly understanding why I was acting so weird. \"I haven't gone through all that, but even I know that what Mr. Denham is doing is wrong and can't end well.\" \"He has no idea what he's getting himself into.\" \"He never did.\" \"I just want this whole trip to be over. It was bad enough on the way here. Now I have to travel knowing what's underneath me. It's like sleeping on top of a huge mountain of guilt.\" \"I can't even imagine. I'm so sorry, Brie. You shouldn't have to go through this.\" \"It would have been better if we had just left him on the island in the first place.\" Neither of us spoke for a while, and the silence was absolutely deafening. I kept sneaking down to Kong nearly every single night. Englehorn tried several times to keep me from doing so, but I always managed to make it down there. Soon enough, he quit trying. Jimmy tried his best to comfort me, but I couldn't cheer up, knowing what was down below. I felt bad for Jimmy, not only because I barely talked to him now and he had gone through so much to get me back, but because I was leaving soon and he would be alone again. I tried to get Jimmy to come to Kong and try to put Mr. Hayes's death behind him. One late night, I brought him down to see him. \"It's okay, Jimmy. He can't hurt you.\" \"He already did hurt me.\" \"I know, but he was just angry. He didn't know.\" We walked closer and even though, he was unconscious, I started talking to him. \"Hey, this is Jimmy. He needs to see you and come to terms with something you did to him.\" Jimmy walked up and stood beside me. \"You killed Mr. Hayes,\" he spat. \"Jimmy…\" \"The one man who actually cared for me is gone because of you.\" I looked at him sadly, understanding his anger. \"But I'm here now.\" \"Yes, you are.\" He turned back to Kong. \"And that's why I know I need to forgive you.\" I smiled. \"You hear that?\" I said to Kong. \"He forgives you.\"[Chapter 12] The ship ride was so long as I swam in a river of guilt the whole time. When we finally docked, Jimmy decided that he was coming with me. Englehorn allowed him to leave and agreed to let him know if there was another voyage ahead so he could get back on if he wanted to. Carl wasted no time in getting Kong's name up in lights on a marquee. Then he began to plan the show around him. He planned to include a fake ritual and a sacrifice. But I was not okay with what he said next. \"Brie, I can't allow you in this show. It'll make the ape go berserk.\" \"He'll go even wilder if I'm not there!\" \"We're going to hire an actress and put a brown wig on her. She'll pose as you, keeping the beast calm.\" \"Mr. Denham, you don't know what will happen if I'm not there. I have to be there to keep him calm!\" \"Brieanna, I'm sorry, but no. You'll just have to watch from out of his sight.\" This wasn't right. In the movie, Carl had begged Ann to be in the show, but she was the one to turn him down! Why wasn't he doing that now? It didn't matter because Carl's word was final. I was not in the show. In fact, Carl didn't even let me see him at all since we got off the ship. That angered me because Kong was now awake and I wanted to see him. But even with Ann and Jimmy's help, I was forbidden to get to him. The show started, at most, two days after we docked. I was forced into the wings behind where Kong sat chained up on the stage. I had never felt so angry at Carl. This was inhumane and basically animal cruelty! Carl started the show and Ann and Jimmy stood next to me for support. \"I'm here to tell you a very strange story,\" Carl began. \"A story of our adventure in which seventeen of our party suffered horrible deaths.\" Jack stood nearby to watch over Ann more than anything. Carl mentioned an Arabian proverb that actually wasn't real. It was taken from the 1933 version. Then Carl built up in intensity and then the curtain lifted and Kong was revealed. The audience gasped in fright and wonder. Carl really milked it up and I wanted to walk on that stage and shove him off it. I watched as Carl introduced Bruce Baxter as the man who allegedly saved me. What a snob. If anybody should be out there, it was Jimmy and Jack. Bruce had insisted on having a part in the ritual and Carl just gave him that one. Bruce was a diva and Carl was a pushover. It sickened me. The ritual began and it was exactly like the 1933 version ritual. Nothing at all like the ritual I went through. Call me crazy, but Bruce never danced with any of the natives. The orchestra finished the song and Carl came back out. This was the part where \"I\" got offered up to Kong. It was actually an actress who looked nothing like me and was wearing a wig that mocked my own hair. Some posts and an altar came up from a trap door on the stage with a girl tied in between the posts. I think her name was Annie or something. Kong looked at her sadly, and I knew he thought it was me since her head was down and he couldn't see her face. But then she raised her head up and Kong looked at her in disgust. The actress playing me let out the most unconvincing scream I'd ever heard in my entire life. I was pretty sure it was worse than the actress who had played Ann in the movie. She was awful! How she ever got hired, I'll never know! \"Help me!\" she cried…sort of. A stick could act better than her. This was terrible to watch! It didn't take long for Kong to start freaking out. He was already in a bad mood and seeing me replaced certainly didn't help. It just got worse as men from the newspapers started flashing their cameras and the bright lights and flashes set him off. \"Let him roar! It makes a swell picture!\" Carl said. I looked over at the actress and she gave her first real scream all night. That actually wasn't good though! It meant she was really scared of Kong! I didn't blame her. He was roaring and practically lunging at her. \"Brie, we gotta get out of here now,\" Jimmy said to me. \"He just wants me,\" I said back to him. \"Not right now he doesn't. We all have to get out before he sees any of us.\" I started to run to the stage, but Jimmy kept me from going yet again. \"Jimmy, don't. He just needs to see me. Then he'll stop.\" \"No, he'll get even crazier!\" He and Jack began to pull me out of the theatre and get somewhere safe. I just wanted to see him again. He was about to die. I wanted to spend every second with him. Kong broke off one of his restraints and that's when the crowd went crazy. They all began flooding out, trying to get away from him. That was it for Jimmy. He yanked me away as fast as he could and ran out. I saw the poor actress playing me get grabbed by Kong and thrown across the theatre. I didn't have time to feel sorry for her as the sheer cold of winter bit me as soon as we stepped outside, but that wasn't on my mind. Before we could even get far, Kong burst out through the wall. Everyone on the street started screaming and panicking. Kong picked up a girl with brown hair that looked similar to mine, but mine was lighter. After looking at her for a second, he threw her down and picked up another girl. I got it. He was looking for me! And he was so close! If only everyone would just let me see him! Jimmy shoved me into a taxi and Jack actually started driving away. \"No! Go back!\" I cried. \"You'll get hurt!\" Jimmy said. In all the confusion as cars went everywhere, trying to avoid the huge gorilla, Jack was swerving all over the place to avoid Kong and all the cars. Jack couldn't avoid all of them and he ended up smashing into another car. None of us were hurt, but Jack and Jimmy were unconscious. I started to get out of the car, but Ann stopped me. \"Please don't, Brie. I don't want to lose you again.\" \"I'll be fine, Ann. I promise.\" She reluctantly released my arm and I got out of the taxi. I looked at Kong who was starting to calm down, but he was still a little frazzled. I smiled at him and began to walk to him. It took a little longer than I wanted, but eventually he looked my way and froze. \"Hey,\" I said quietly. He started over to me ever so slowly. \"It's good to see you again.\" His hand wrapped around my waist and I allowed myself to fall into it. He gently lifted me up. I raised my hand and touched his face. \"I really missed you.\" He seemed to understand me and it felt like he was saying, \"I missed you too.\" He walked off with me into the night and took me to Central Park. I loved this part so much. It was so cute! Kong stepped onto the frozen pond and immediately slipped. I giggled as he tried to stand up, only to slip again. He realized that he couldn't stand and when he heard me laughing, he began to spin on the ice. The wind made me even colder, but his warm hand evened it out. He spun right into the snow and we both got covered. I laughed again and so did he. We were totally in the moment until the ice broke because of a missile from a tank. The moment was over, and it was going to go quickly downhill from here. Bullets rang out as soldiers tried to shoot at Kong. He grabbed onto me firmly, but not enough to hurt me, and ran towards the Empire State Building. \"No, don't!\" I screamed to him. \"You'll die!\" He looked at me as he continued to run, understanding what I was saying, but knowing that it had to be done. He reached the building and began climbing with his one hand and feet, while still clutching me to his chest. Airplanes whizzed past us and I knew the time had come. The part I had been dreading. He roared at them, as if he was challenging them. He climbed higher and higher and I refused to look down, knowing how high up we were. Kong paused on top of the building at the outlook part. There was another sunrise that highlighted the New York skyline. Kong and I just looked out for a second, taking it in. Then he took his hand, put it to his face, and did the sign I had done on the island. \"Beautiful,\" I whispered. He did the sign again. \"Yes, it is.\" The planes whizzed past again and Kong put me down on the ledge of the building and pushed me gently into the wall to protect me from the bullets. He roared at them again and began to climb. \"No, you can't!\" I screamed at him, but he didn't hear me. He was shot by more bullets and I ran out of the way as a shower of glass from several of the windows rained down on me. I looked around for a way to climb after him since I certainly couldn't climb the walls. I saw a ladder, but I didn't want to climb it. Ann had nearly fallen off climbing up. But after seeing that there was no other way, I tried to climb faster than she did, hoping to avoid the mishap. My hands were shaking as I tried to go up the ladder as fast as I could. I was not keen on being so high up and I was scared I wouldn't make it in time. I never stopped climbing and tried to control my shaking hands so I didn't slip. But I wasn't quick enough and before I knew it, the ladder was detaching itself from the building and I was hanging over the city far below! I screamed so loud, I think I could've gone deaf. Kong turned to look at me from his perch on the side since he had fallen off from the top. His eyes showed worry in them for me as I hung onto the ladder for dear life. My sweaty hands caused me to start slipping and my heart was racing. One hand gave out, then so did the other and I was falling. I was suddenly caught in Kong's strong hand and I was surprised I didn't get whiplash. He gently set me down inside the observation deck. Our eyes locked for a second and I felt scared for him. The silence was interrupted by more bullets flying and glass breaking. Kong left me and climbed back up to the top to fight the planes. I looked around and saw the set of stairs Ann had climbed in the movie. I raced up them and then found the rungs attached to the roof. I found myself standing right underneath Kong at the very top of the Empire State Building. My legs shook at how high I was. I tried to not focus on that, but on the oncoming planes. \"NO!\" I screamed, waving my hands wildly so the pilots could see me. \"NO! Stop! PLEASE, NO!\" The planes whizzed past me sending a blast of air at me. But no bullets came. It didn't matter. I was too late. I turned to Kong as he sank down. I fell back into his hand and he held me protectively. His hand swung out a couple times, sending me over the city, but he held tight to me and I him. He dropped me on the roof, realizing his grip was weakening. Tears began to form in my eyes. I stood up. \"You put up a good fight,\" I said quietly. \"I'm proud of you.\" He grunted at me with a small smile. I held my hand up and he bent down and allowed me to touch him. I rested my forehead on him and he nuzzled me. \"You've done good. Thank you for everything.\" He smiled at me again until more bullets hit him right in the back, causing me to go down on my knees. I looked up at him and felt multiple tears slide down my cheeks. The light was leaving his eyes fast. I crawled over to him and looked at him with tear-stained cheeks. His finger weakly came up to me and caressed my cheek, almost wiping my tears away. \"I love you…Kong.\" He gave me one last smile before his finger left my face and he began to slip from the roof. I went and held onto his finger, almost as if I could hang onto him and keep him from falling, but of course, I couldn't. He slipped from my grasp and fell away from me. I watched as he fell down and down and more tears slid from my eyes. I was full out sobbing now. I turned away right before he hit the ground. Hearing the thud was enough for me. I slowly stood up with wobbly legs before I heard footsteps behind me. I turned to see Jimmy behind me. Seeing me, he ran up to me and embraced me tightly. I sobbed onto his shoulder. Knowing I didn't have much longer, I took Jimmy's hand and raced down to the street. Some soldiers were posing for photos in front of his dead body. I wanted to strangle them. \"Please let me through!\" I cried as I ran up to Kong. \"Please! I'm Brieanna Adams!\" I'm not sure whether it was my name or the sight of my tears, but the soldier allowed me through. I ran up to Kong's face and fresh tears burst from my eyes. I stroked his face slowly, like I did back on the ship. \"I'm so proud of you,\" I whispered. \"And I'll never forget you.\" I gave him a small kiss on the forehead and began to back up. \"Brie!\" Ann came running up to me and hugged me tightly. \"I'm so, so sorry!\" I just hung in her embrace for awhile, clinging to every precious second I had left. \"Why'd he do that?\" I heard a photographer say. \"Climb up there and get himself cornered? The ape musta' known what was comin'!\" \"It's just a dumb animal! It didn't know nothin'!\" another one said. I walked up to him and punched him in the face, good and hard. I didn't regret it at all, even though a soldier came up to me and yelled at me. But he had to have felt sympathy for me, especially after seeing the way I treated Kong seconds ago. His face became softer and he turned away. I felt a hand on my shoulder and saw it was Jimmy. I knew my time was almost up. Once Carl said the very famous line from every version minus the 1976, the movie was over and I would go back home. \"What does it matter? The airplanes got him!\" \"It wasn't the airplanes,\" Carl said. This was it. \"It was beauty killed the beast.\" \"Jimmy?\" I said quickly. \"Yeah?\" \"…I love you.\" We had not said those words to each other at all the entire time we'd known each other. I gave him a huge passionate kiss as I felt my world melt away. I could still feel my lips touching his as I woke up on my bedroom floor. \"And I always will.\"[Chapter 13] For weeks, I played King Kong on my Blu-ray Player, hoping to get sent back to that world. I missed Jimmy more than anything. He was my one true love, and I knew I would never find anyone else like him, especially in this time. But every time I played it, the movie started with Naomi Watts getting captured by the natives and offered up to Kong, and the loose plug that I had found before had simply disappeared. It was almost like the whole 13 weeks, over three months of my life, didn't happen. There was no proof at all that I had ever left my room or the present day. It drove me nuts. After a while, I just stopped trying. I put the DVD way back in my collection of DVDs and didn't look at it for a very long time. It just brought back painful memories. I tried to forget about my experience, but obviously, that was impossible. Too much had happened for it ever to be erased from my mind. Plus, I had promised Kong that I would never forget him. A couple guys attempted to flirt with me, but I just pushed off their advances, knowing I'd never feel the same way I felt for Jimmy. Some people said I should go see a therapist because I was acting so depressed all the time. I knew that even this was a bit much for a therapist. It must've been a good nine months before I picked up the DVD again. I was looking for something to pass the time with and I noticed it sitting in the back with a good layer of dust on it. I took a deep breath and decided to try one more time. I put the DVD in my Blu-ray Player and pushed 'Play.' Words began flashing on the screen: \"This is not playable on this device.\" My heart started beating faster, but I tried to not get my hopes up. I went to the back and searched for the plug from before. I didn't see it at first, but then I noticed the plug sticking too far out from the rest. I plugged it back in and then I fainted right then and there. My eyes shot open and I was in New York City, obviously in the 30's. I got a little nervous that I might have to start back over from the beginning of the movie, but that was overridden by the sheer elation I felt at being back. \"Excuse me?\" I said to a woman passing by. \"Does the name 'Kong' mean anything to you?\" She groaned. \"Worst experience this city ever went through!\" While I was angry at her for saying that, I was relieved that I obviously had not gone back to the beginning. I couldn't handle that a second time! I began walking to the harbor in the hopes that I could find Jimmy. But I was so confused! I didn't know when I was or where anyone I knew was! Ann and Jack may have moved from New York all together and Jimmy could have been on a voyage now. \"Jimmy?\" I called out. I felt stupid, knowing that I would never be able to find him in this huge city. \"Jimmy!\" No one glanced my way at all. I kept going to the harbor to try and find him there. I was shocked to find him actually there! He was getting nets ready and it appeared he was preparing the ship. Englehorn was still the captain and much of his crew had been replaced. \"Jimmy!\" I called to him. He turned toward me and froze at the sight of me. In a sort of The Notebook moment, I ran to him and jumped on him. My legs wrapped around his torso and his arms supported my waist. I planted my lips onto his and we kissed for quite a long time. I felt tears spring to my eyes. I was aware of the glances we were getting as he set me down again, but I was too focused on the boy in front of me. \"Is it really you, Brie?\" he asked. \"Yes, it is, Jimmy.\" I kissed him again so he and I could know it was real. \"Where have you been?\" \"It's really hard to explain. Just know that I've spent so long trying to get back to you.\" \"I've thought about you every day, just so I could know that what I felt was real.\" \"I love you so much, Jimmy.\" \"I love you too, Brieanna.\" We kissed once again and for the first time in nearly a year, I knew I was truly back where I belonged. ","Summary":" A/N: Okay, guys! Thanks for checking out my fanfiction! Just a little warning, the beginning is pre"},{"Movie":"King Kong","Title":"A Captain Needs A Lady","Author":"Lollipop456","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4483607","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Cora Darrow sat in frontnof her mirror. She was putting some makeup on. She was 22-years-old,nonly a few years younger than her older sister Anne. Suddenly, Cora'snpowder dumped onto the floor. Actually, it wasn't her powder at all.nIt was from sister's makeup for her vaudeville shows. Cora alwaysnwanted to be like Anne. Always wanted to be involved with vaudeville.nAs a dancer. Cora rushed to brush the powder up off the floor. Shenheard the door open and she knew it was Anne. \"Cora? Where arenyou?\" Anne said. \"In my room. I'll benthere in a second.\" Cora finished cleaning upnthe powder and then went to greet Anne. She ran up to Anne and huggednher. \"Anne, I wanted tonsee you perform. Did the show end early?\" Cora asked. \"There was no show,nCora. The theatre closed. It's all over.\" \"No! The theatrencan't close. Think about all the people who need a laugh now morenthan ever. Think about the people without a job now. Manny, god lovenhim, can't survive on the streets by himself. What about us? What donwe have? A three room loft with no bathtub. We have to wash our hairnin the sink, Anne! We can't live like this.\" \"I'll find a job,nCora. A job to support both of us.\" \"Why not let me work?nI could work in a soup kitchen or perhaps dance for money. You knownhow I love to dance, Anne.\" \"You know that Inpromised Mom and Dad that I wouldn't put you through this. I toldnthem that I would take care of both of us and I will.\" \"I'm twenty-two,nAnne. I'm a big girl. Let me take care of myself.\" \"I'm sorry, Cora. Incan't.\" Cora bursted into tearsnand ran to her room. She flopped down on the bed and hugged hernpillow. \"Cora, stop this. Younsay you're twenty-two and you're acting like a selfish child.\" \"For good reason. Indeserve a job to! It seems like everyone is doing something and I'mnstuck. Going absolutely nowhere. I'll be an old maid and I'll nevernbe in the picture shows. Look at me. I'm dressed like an old hag.\" \"We can only affordnthese clothes.\" \"Well, no man wouldnever look at a girl who wears rags.\" \"Cora Louise Darrow.nSit up straight and look at me.\" Cora wiped her tears awaynand then turned to Anne. Cora sniffled. \"I'mnlistening.\" She said. \"I know it's beennhard since Mom and Dad died and I know we can't afford the finestnthings in life. We have each other. That should be enough for you.\" \"I love you, Anne. Inreally do. I just want better things. Is that so much to ask?\" \"No. I promise, Cora,none day you will have those things and more. Now, you've gotta settlenwith what we do have, all right?\" \"All right.\" \"Are you hungry?\" \"A little.\" \"Great. I do havensome soup.\" \"Soup?\" \"Yeah and somenbread.\" \"It's a banquet!nWhere did you get the bread and soup?\" \"I stole it.\" \"Stole it? Anne, younknow that stealing is wrong.\" \"It's the only way tonkeep food on the table. Besides, I'll pay them back one day.\" \"One day? Anne, wencan hardly afford clothes. We can't pay off debts!\" \"I know, I know. It'snalot to deal with but we CAN deal with it.\" \"Oh Anne, let's facenit. If we don't find some money soon. You know we'll be out on thenstreet. I hardly have enough in my piggy bank to pay off thenlandlord.\" \"We'll get by, Cora.nI'll look for a job tomorrow. I promise.\" \"There's just nonguartnee that you'll find one.\" The next morning, Annenwent looking for a job. Cora just laid in bed and waited impatientlynfor her sister's return. Finally, after six hours, Anne returnednhome. Cora ran to see if Anne had any good news. \"Did you find a job?\"nCora asked. \"No, but I wasnoffered one.\" \"What was it?\" \"I was offered a jobnto star in a picture show. Directed by Carl Denham.\" \"Carl Denham? Anne,nhe's directed some of the greatest talking pictures! If you were innone of his pictures, you could be a star! So could I. This could benthe chance we were meant to take. We'll be famous, Anne.\" \"I rejected thenoffer.\" \"What?\" \"Cora, can younpossibly see me in a talking picture? I'd never make it.\" \"Anne, it's acting.nYou've been doing it all your life. You were in vaudeville,nremember?\" \"It's different. Inwon't have an audience.\" \"Yes you will. Younjust won't be able to see them.\" \"You don'tnunderstand, Cora. Hearing my audience laugh and smile. That's all Incare about. I don't want the audience to walk out of the picture inntears. This is the Depression. I don't want to make it worse than itnalready is.\" \"Well, who's writingnthe picture?\" \"Jack Driscoll.\" \"Jack Driscoll! Anne,nyou love his plays. You'll probably get a chance to meet him.\" \"I know, but I can'tndo it.\" \"Anne Keira Darrow,nyou listen to me. A chance like this only comes once in a lifetime.nYou have got to take it, Anne.\" \"What about you?\" \"I'll be okay. You'llnonly be gone to film the picture.\" \"There's somethingnelse I didn't mention. The picture is going to be filmed onnlocation.\" \"Where? England?nFrance?\" \"An island. An islandnthat may not even exist.\" \"Sounds wonderful!\" \"It sounds insane. Incan't leave you in New York if there is a chance I won't be back.\" \"Okay, then I'll comenwith you.\" \"Cora, you can't. Itnmight be dangerous.\" \"Incase you haven'tnnoticed, Anne. I'm a woman. Not a child. Let me come.\" \"If you promise tonbehave...\" \"Oh thank you, Anne!\" Cora hugged Anne and thennrushed to her room. \"Where are youngoing?\" \"To pack mynsuitcase!\" The following evening,nboth Cora and Anne got into a taxi and went to the docks. Anne wentnto speak to Mr.Denham while Cora just stared up at the large ships. \"Hey lady!\" Thentaxi driver said. Cora, startled by thenvoice, turned back towards the taxi. \"Yes sir?\" \"My fee.\" \"Oh right.\" Cora rummaged through hernpurse but could only find one quarter. \"This is all I have.\" Cora handed the quarternbut the driver threw at her face. A man, who was standing nearby,nwitnessed this and stormed up to the taxi. \"Hey, what are you ankid? You just don't throw things at people because they don't have anfew dollars on them. Everyone's broke nowadways if you hadn'tnnoticed. If you want money...\" The man reached into hisncoat pocket and pulled out at least five dollars and then handed itnto the taxi driver. \"I've got plenty ofnit. Now either apologize to this girl or I'll have your ass sued.\" \"Fine. I'm sorry.\" The taxi took off. \"You okay?\" Thenman asked. \"I'm fine. He didn'tnhurt me. Thanks for paying him.\" \"My pleasure.\" \"Did you really meannwhat you said? I mean about you suing his ass.\" The man chuckled. \"Well,nI guess I did.\" He said. \"I'm surprisednanybody has the money. What are you? A lawyer?\" \"A writer.\" Cora gasped in excitementnand jumped off the ground. \"Oh, you must be JacknDriscoll. My sister Anne loves your plays. I must say that you'renalot taller than I expected you to be, but that's just fine.\" \"You are...\" \"Darrow. CoranDarrow.\" Cora tucked her suitcasenunder her arm and gave Mr.Driscoll a firm handshake. \"You have quite angrip for a girl.\" \"Well, dancers arensuppose to have good muscles. It's what keep us flexible.\" \"You're a dancer?\" \"No, but I will be.nAs soon as Anne gets her big break, then I will get mine.\" \"Your sister, right?\" \"Yeah. I know thisnreally great tap dance! I saw it in a picture once.\" Cora began dancing allnaround. \"Well, I suppose it'snbetter in the picture.\" \"Nonsense. You'renvery good.\" \"Thanks,nMr.Driscoll.\" \"It was wonderful tonmeet you, Cora.\" Mr.Driscoll tipped his hatnand walked away. Cora giggled and began to hum one of her favoritentunes that she had heard on the radio at the soup kitchen. As shenbegan walking towards the boat, she collided with someone and all hernclothes dumped out of her suitcase. \"Oh no. They'renruined.\" Cora said. Cora kneeled down to picknup her clothes. \"My apologies.\"nA voice said. \"Oh, it's okay. I'llnjust share clothes with my sister. She won't mind.\" Cora finished packing hernclothes back up. \"Let me help you.\"nThe voice said. \"Thanks.\" A hand suddenly tooknCora's hand and helped her off the ground. Cora finally saw thensource of the voice. It was a man. Not a young man by any means. Henseemed to be a little bit older than Anne. Probably 30 or beyond.nEither way, he was a bit handsome. \"Are you part ofnMr.Denham's crew?\" Cora asked. \"No. At least, not innthe sense that you speak of. I'm captain of the Venture. It's thenship that the film crew will be on.\" \"So you're thenCaptain?\" \"Yes mam. Are you tonbe aboard The Venture?\" \"Yes. My sister Annenis the lead in Mr.Denham's picture.\" \"Well, then. Inwelcome you both aboard.\" \"Thanks...Captain...\" \"Englehorn. AbrahamnEnglehorn.\" \"Pleasure to meetnyou, Captain Englehorn. Can you show me where my cabin is?\" \"I'd be honored.nThink of it as an apology.\" \"Apology accepted.\"nCora said.[Chapter 2] Captain Englehorn showednCora to her cabin. It was small but it was alot cleaner than she hadnexpected. Cora laid her suitcase down and took a seat in her bed. \"It's a bunk. Yournsister will be sharing this cabin. Is that all right?\" \"That's swell. Me andnAnne aren't really use to being in seperate rooms in the first place.nOh, I just can't believe I'm here.\" \"You seem excited.\" \"Well, of course Inam! I've never been outside of New York before. Besides, my sister isngoing to be in a picture! A talking picture! It's like somethingnstraight out of a-\" \"A picture?\" \"Exactly. Oh, Incannot wait to see where Mr.Denham is shooting the picture. Maybenwe're heading for London or Paris! I've always wanted to see Paris!nDon't you think I'd look good in a big hat all the way from France?\" \"Yes. I do.\" \"Well, I betternunpack.\" \"I could help you.\" \"Aren't you supposento be steering?\" \"I have Mr.Hayesnhandle the helm. I'm all yours.\" \"Well, thanks,nCaptain Englehorn, but I'm capable of unpacking. I'm not some damselnin distress.\" \"If you say so, MissnDarrow.\" Captain Englehorn turnednto leave when he heard Cora grunting. He turned and saw that Corancouldn't open her suitcase. \"I think it's stuck.\"nCora said. Captain Englehorn smilednand banged on the suitcase three times. It finally popped open. \"Golly. Where did younlearn that?\" \"I taught myself.\" Cora began to unpack hernclothes with Captain Englehorn's help. \"You know. Anne neverndid say who else was in the picture. I wonder if it's Clark Gable.nOh, I simply loved him in \"Night Nurse.\" Of course, he onlynplayed a waiter. I thought he was really brave though. Why, if I wasnin the pictures, and I had to be alongside Barbara Stanwyck in thatnawful nurse gown. Why, I wouldn't be able to bare it.\" \"I've heard rumorsnthat somebody by the name of Baxter is to come aboard.\" \"Baxter? BrucenBaxter? Oh, I simply love him! \"Rough Riders\" is mynfavorite picture! I paid a whole nickel just to see it! I must meetnhim. Oh, how do I look?\" \"You look-\" \"Oh, what does itnmatter? I'm sure he'll notice me! Thanks again, Captain.\" Cora ran from the cabinnand went to deck. She waited for almost an hour before she finallyncaught sight of Bruce Baxter, the handsome picture actor, comingnaboard The Venture. Cora ran up to him and tried to calm her nerves. \"Mr.Baxter, I'm anhuge fan of your work. I've seen almsot everyone of your pictures.\" \"Are you the help?\" \"No. I'm the sisternof Anne Darrow. Your leading lady.\" \"Well. Nobody saidnthat she had such a lovely sister. What's your name, kid?\" \"C-Cora. CoranDarrow.\" Bruce took Cora's hand andnkissed it. She felt her legs turn to rubber and stared on at Bruce asnhe walked away.[Chapter 3] The first few nightsnaboard the Venture were difficult for Cora. Having not known lifenoutside of New York, Cora found herself unable to sleep. However,nAnne was sleeping perfectly. One evening, Cora knew she would not be able to sleep. So,nshe decided to go onto the deck, in hopes that stargazing would helpnher drift to sleep. Cora wrapped herself in her robe and went tondeck, only to see Captain Englehorn standing on deck and looking up at the stars. \"Captain Englehorn?\" Slowly, Captain Englehornnturned to Cora and gave a small smile. \"Don't worry, MissnDarrow. Mr. Hayes has control of the helm.\" \"Well, that's a goodnthing to know but I am more worried about you. Why are you awake atnthis hour?\" Cora said. \"Why are you?\" \"I suppose we bothnare suffering sleeping troubles. I thought it would be best to comenout onto deck until I felt tired. I didn't want to wake Anne with allnmy tossing and turning.\" \"Come here, MissnDarrow. I want to show you something.\" Cora, although reluctant,napproached Captain Englehorn and looked up to the sky. CaptainnEnglehorn pointed to the brightest star in the sky. \"Do you know thatnstar?\" Captain Englehorn asked. \"Yes. That's thennorth star. I read about in my schoolbooks.\" \"Then surely younheard of that one.\" Captain Englehorn pointednout a group of stars, Cora cocked her head to one side and tried tonfigure what Captain Englehorn was pointing out. \"Look closely. You'llnsee it.\" Captain Englehorn said. Cora stared at the groupnof stars for awhile until she saw what Captain Englehorn was seeing. \"Now, I see it. Only,nI can't tell what it is.\" \"It's the Centaur,nMiss Darrow. Half-horse and half-man. It's the only constellation Incan truly relate to.\" \"Why?\" \"It's not important.nYou'd better go back to your cabin.\" \"Please tell me.\" \"It's not yournconcern. Return to your cabin.\" Upon realizing thatnCaptain Englehorn was angry, Cora backed away and ran for her cabin.nWhen Cora arrived at the cabin, she accidentally slammed the door,nthis woke Anne in a second. \"Cora, whatnhappened?\" Anne asked. \"N-nothing, Anne. Inwas sleepwalking.\" Cora said. Cora crawled into her bunknand let out a sigh. In her heart, Cora knew something was ailingnCaptain Englehorn and Cora was determined to figure out what it was.nThe next morning, Cora woke up late and ran to the deck to see if she couldnapologize to Captain Englehorn. When Cora finally caught sight ofnEnglehorn, Cora's eyes wandered towards Bruce who was leaning overnthe deck's rail. Cora quickly primped her hair and adjusted her dress. Brucenturned and saw Cora walking towards him, which was exactly what henwanted. Bruce quickly ran his fingers through his hair and let out andeep breath. \"Sleep well, kid?\"nBruce asked. \"Yes, Mr. Baxter.\"nCora said. \"No more of this \"Mr.nBaxter.\" I have a name you know.\" \"Sorry, Mr.nBax...Bruce.\" \"So, did you come tonwatch the filming?\" \"No, I was justnlooking for Captain Englehorn and then I saw you and-\" \"Then you wanted tontalk to me?\" \"Yes.\" \"I'm glad. I need thencompany of lovely women.\" \"You are just likenyou are in the moving pictures.\" \"Well, how am I innthe pictures?\" \"Romantic.\" \"Well, critics havencalled me other things but \"romantic\" sure it wasn't one ofnthem.\" \"Don't listen tonother people. Listen to your fans.\" \"That's easy. If onlynthey're pretty as you.\" Cora began blushing asnBruce gave Cora a kiss on the cheek. \"Next time. Benprepared. You might get more.\" Bruce said. Bruce winked at Cora andnwalked away. Cora felt like she was going to faint. Her favoritenmoving picture star had kissed her. It was like Cinderella and hernPrince. Little did Cora know, this fairy-tale was going to take a rather strange turn.[Chapter 4] As the weeks went by andnthe Venture continued to sail, Cora and Bruce began to flirtnimmensely with each other. It was obvious that they were smitten,nalmost like lovesick teenagers. Englehorn also noticed Cora and Bruce's flirting. Thatndoesn't mean that he enjoyed it. Infact, he hated it! He had seennyoung love like this in his lifetime, and he knew that Cora's heartnwould be broken someday soon. Englehorn did not want to be a witness to that. Still,nthere was nothing he could do, he was a ship captain and was not onento interfere in other people's lives. One evening, Cora was in herncabin when Bruce entered and took a seat next to Cora. \"You're not filmingntoday.\" Cora said. \"I am. I just wantednto drop by and personally deliver this.\" Bruce said. Bruce reached into hisnpocket and pulled out a seashell. Cora was dazzled by the beauty ofnthe shell. Infact, she was so dazzled that she was nearly tempted tonswipe it from Bruce's hands. \"Oh my! It'snbeautiful. Where did you find it?\" \"I was on deck and Inguess when we had that storm a few days ago it washed onto the ship.nNow, I want you to hold it to your ear and listen closely.\" Cora took the shell andnheld it to her ear. For awhile, there was nothing but silence. Soon,nCora could hear the sound of waves crashing and wind blowing insidenof the shell. Cora began to giggle as Bruce broke into a smile. \"Keep it, kid. I havenno use for it.\" Bruce said. \"Well, thank you.Injust don't understand what I've done to deserve this.\" Coransaid. \"A beautiful shellnneeds to go to a beautiful person.\" \"You think I'mnbeautiful?\" Bruce brought his hand tonCora's cheek and gave it a small caress. \"You are the mostngorgeous gal that I've ever seen and I've seen alot of them.\" Suddenly, Bruce broughtnhis lips to Cora's lips. For several seconds, they both stayed in anrather passionate liplock until Cora broke apart from him and shooknher head. \"No. We can't donthis.\" Cora said. \"Why not?\" \"Because we both knownwhat will happen when we get back to New York. You'll leave and I'llnhave to stay behind and go back to the life that I've been living forntwenty-two years! Twenty-two years of my blood, sweat and my tears. Bruce, younwere born into the lifestyle that only a normal person could dreamnabout. I'm not rich and I'm hardly who would call Claudette Colbert.\" \"I never said that Inwanted to love someone like me, Cora. I want to love someone who cannsee somebody beside a big movie star. I'm not as arrogant as I seem,nand I'm not without flaws. After all, my hair can be horrible in the morning.\" \"Well, I am flatterednbut...\" \"Give me a chance,nCora. One chance.\" \"One chance?\" \"One small chance.\" Cora nodded and Bruce gavenher another kiss and then left the cabin. For awhile, Cora could donnothing but stare at the shell that Bruce had given her. Finally, shendecided that perhaps a nap would do her good and clear her mind. Coranwoke up about sunset and retreated to the ship's galley to havensupper, she preferred to dine there because she enjoyed the companynof the crew. Especially a young sailor named Jimmy who she had come tonbefriend. As Cora ate, Captain Englehorn entered and sat down to eatnhis supper. \"I trust your restnwas peaceful, Miss Darrow.\" Englehorn said. \"What?\" Coranasked. \"Your sister saidnthat she saw you resting when she returned to the cabin.\" \"Oh, yes. I did restnwell. Thank you for asking, Captain.\" \"She also said thatnshe saw a conch shell laying at the foot of the bed. Did you find thenshell on deck?\" \"I-I didn't. It was angift.\" \"From your parents?\"nCaptain Englehorn asked. \"No. It was from Mr.nBaxter.\" For a moment, there wasnsilence. Most of the crew could sense the tension between Cora andnCaptain Englehorn. \"I see. I supposenthat means that you've come to enjoy his presence.\" CaptainnEnglehorn said. \"Well, he did kissnme.\" Cora suddenly said. \"He kissed you? Well,nI'm glad. You deserve to be happy, Miss Darrow.\" CaptainnEnglehorn said. Captain Englehorn rosenfrom the table and left the galley. Cora turned to Jimmy, who couldnonly offer a small smile. \"Don't worry. ThenCaptain is only tired. It's been a long week.\" Jimmy said. Cora knew that probablynwasn't all that was bothering Captain Englehorn.[Chapter 5] Six weeks went by, therenwas still no sign of the film location and Cora and Bruce werengrowing closer with each passing day. One day, Cora was in her cabinnand fixing her hair, when she saw Anne enter. \"Are you done filmingnfor the day?\" Asked Cora, running a brush through her hair. \"No. I only wanted tonspeak to you.\" Anne said, sitting on her bunk. \"What about?\"nAsked Cora. \"About you and Mr.nBaxter.\" Cora turned to Anne andnsighed, knowing her secret had finally been discovered. \"We tried to staynapart, Anne. I swear it.\" Cora said. \"Then what happened?\"nAsked Anne. Cora shrugged. \"Wenfell in love.\" She said. \"Nobody falls in lovenso easily, Cora. You are only infatuated with him.\" Anne said. \"I think I know whennI am in love, Anne. You may be my sister, but you are not to say whonI should and who I shouldn't love.\" Cora said. Cora got up and stormednout of the cabin, as she was walking down the hall, she bumped intonCaptain Englehorn who was carrying a crate of some sort. \"I'm sorry, Captain.\"nCora said. \"No harm done, MissnDarrow. Is everything all right?\" Captain Englehorn said. \"I only needed somenair.\" Cora brushed her way pastnCaptain Englehorn and went to the deck. She leaned against the ship'snrailing and gazed at the morning sky, she suddenly felt a hand comento her shoulder. She turned and saw Bruce standing behind her. \"What's going on?\"nAsked Bruce. \"Do you love me?\"nAsked Cora. \"What?\" \"I want to hear younsay it, Bruce. I want to hear you say that you love me.\" Coransaid. Bruce smiled and turnednCora around so she could face him. He brought his hand to her facenand then gave her a kiss on the lips. \"I love you.\"nBruce said. Cora hugged Bruce and feltntears run down her face. Upon noticing that Cora was crying, Brucenlifted her chin. \"Cora, what's wrong?\"nAsked Bruce. \"Nothing.\" Coransaid, but she knew Bruce doubted that when she saw him arch hisneyebrow. \"I'm only going to miss you. When everything is over.\" \"It doesn't have tonbe like that.\" Bruce said, taking a light grip on Cora'snshoulder blades. \"Come live with me. You can have everything younwant, you could be a dancer. We could even do a few picturesntogether, if you like. We wouldn't have to be apart.\" \"I can't do it,nBruce. I can't leave Anne alone. We've been together since ournparents died.\" Cora said. \"Is she morenimportant than our future together?\" Asked Bruce. \"Of course not.\"nCora said, shaking her head. She took Bruce's hands. \"She'll benfine. She is a grown woman.\" \"Does this mean thatnyou'll do it?\" Asked Bruce. \"I'll do it. I'llnlive with you.\" Cora said, breaking into a smile. Bruce hugged Cora and thennlifted her in his arms, and then spun her around on deck. Unknown tonthem, Captain Englehorn had heard the whole thing. He sadly left decknand then went to his cabin, knocking everything off of a nearbyntable.[Chapter 6] When Cora was returning to her cabin,nshe Captain Englehorn kneeling on the floor and picking up smallnpieces of glass. \"Did you drop something?\" askednCora. \"No. I bumped into this table and andamn vase shattered.\" \"Let me help.\" Cora knelt on the floor next to CaptainnEnglehorn and helped him clean up the glass. Soon, they both reachednfor a rather large shard, and found that their hands were touching.nCora carefully pulled away and quickly tossed the piece of glass awayninto a nearby trash container. \"I talked to Jimmy the other day. Hensaid that you once had sailed the Venture through a hurricane.\" \"Jimmy loves to embellish.\" \"So it's not true?\" \"I've sailed through many storms,nMiss Darrow. None of them were friendly.\" \"So it is true.\" Captain Englehornnnodded. \"Yes. It's true.\" The two shared ansmile. Suddenly, Mr. Hayes drifted into the cabin and touched CaptainnEnglehorn's shoulder and whispered something in his ear. \"Excuse me, MissnDarrow.\" \"Is somethingnwrong?\" asked Cora. \"Nothing. I justnneed to see to something.\" Captain Englehornnrushed off, but Cora grabbed Mr. Hayes before he could go anynfurther. \"Mr. Hayes, whatnis it?\" asked Cora. \"We've justnreceived a message from New York.\" \"New York?\" \"There's anwarrant out for Denham's arrest. We have to get back to New York asnsoon as possible and turn him in.\" \"What will happennto the picture?\" \"Well, Denhamncan't direct from behind a cell door, can he?\" Mr. Hayes left Coranalone and Cora sadly returned to her cabin. Not only would Anne benupset, but Cora had been so excited about seeing the mysteriousnisland. She sat down in her bunk and sighed, only minutes beforenBruce arrived. He sat next to Cora and gave her a long kiss. \"I have anquestion. Be honest.\" said Bruce. \"Of course.\" \"Do I look prettyngood without a mustache?\" \"Yes. You looknperfect just the way you are.\" \"Really? I-Indon't need to grow one?\" \"Let me guess:nAnother one of Jimmy's pranks?\" \"No one shouldngive that kid a pen.\" Bruce chuckled, but Cora did not. \"What's wrong,nCora?\" \"I'm just anlittle upset. That's all.\" \"About what?\" \"Mr. Denham isnsupposed to be in jail. There's a warrant out. We're going back tonthe city.\" \"Hey, this isngreat news. This means we can get our own place sooner than wenthought. It works out perfectly.\" \"I guess. It'snjust that this job means so much to Anne, and this was my only tastenof adventure. I just wish I could've seen the island.\" \"Hey, no worries.nYou'll see an island. We'll take a trip to Hawaii. I do own a planenand we can leave the moment we get back to New York.\" \"You really meannthat?\" \"Of course I meannit.\" \"Oh Bruce, I lovenyou!\" said Cora, throwing her arms around Bruce. Suddenly, thenVenture made a sharp turn; Cora and Bruce toppled over and rollednonto the floor. \"I guess we're onnour way home.\" said Bruce. \"I'm going to thenkitchen. See if Lumpy has cooked anything that I can actually holdndown.\" said Cora. As Cora headed fornthe kitchen, the Venture suddenly stopped and Cora was suddenlynthrust against a wall. Terrified that something had happened tonBruce; Cora picked herself up and made her way back to her cabin.nBruce was laying near Cora's bunk, groaning in pain. Cora ran to him. \"Bruce, are younall right?\" asked Cora. \"I just hit mynhead. What about you?\" asked Bruce. \"I'm fine. Inwonder what happened?\" \"I don't know.nBut I'm going to find out.\" Cora and Bruce wentnto deck and found that the Venture was lost in a deep fog and wasnwedged right between two rocks. It looked like the Venture had justnhit some sort of wall. The wall of an island. Cora saw Mr. Denham andnran up to him. \"Mr. Denham, whatnhappened?\" asked Cora, but Denham didn't answer. \"Mr. Denham?\" \"It is real. Inknew it.\" whispered Denham. \"What did younsay?\" asked Cora. \"Cora, tell yournsister to hurry to a longboat. We've got a picture to shoot.\" \"We'renpractically stranded in the middle of the ocean and you want to filmnyour picture?\" \"We're notnstranded. We're right where we need to be.\" \"What do younmean?\" \"We made it,nCora. We've made it to Skull Island.\"[Chapter 7] Cora found Anne and told her where theynwere, and Anne was just as shock as Cora was. As soon as the sun camenup, Mr. Denham and his crew piled into the life boats. Cora did feelnbad about sneaking off the ship and leaving Captain Englehorn and hisnmen to try and unwedge The Venture, but she knew that eventually henwould be able to save it. As the boats rowed closer to Skull Island,nCora began to feel uneasy as she saw lifeless corpses floating on thensurface. \"Bruce, we should go back. This couldnbe dangerous.\" whispered Cora. \"We'll be fine, Cora.\" whisperednBruce, but Cora could tell he was uneasy. The boats finally reached the shores ofnSkull Island and everyone climbed out to investigate the strangenplace. The entire time, Cora clutched onto Bruce's arm, especiallynwhen she would see something even remotely frightening. They finallynreached the other side of the island's wall, and came upon a villagenin ruins. All was quiet and still, and there was nothing morenfrightening than a place covered in silence. \"It's deserted.\" said Preston. \"Of course it's deserted. Use yourneyes, Preston. The place is a ruin. Nobody's lived here for hundredsnof years.\" said Mr. Denham. Suddenly, everyone could heard thensound of a child crying. They all turned and saw a little girl, whondidn't even appear to be human. Her skin was dark and dusty, her eyesnwere wild and red, her hair was knotted with tangles, and she hadnlittle to no clothing. She suddenly pointed, but nobody could seenwhat she was pointing at. But everyone was frightened. \"I'll handle this.\" whispered Mr.nDenham. Mr. Denham took a Nestle's Crunch Barnand approached the little girl, obviously trying to offer it to her. \"Look chocolate...you likenchocolate?\" asked Mr. Denham, but the child didn't speak. As Mr. Denham drew closer to the child,nrain began to pour down and the sound of thunder could be heard. Mr.nDenham continued to offer the chocolate bar to the child, but shenstill wouldn't take it. Mr. Denham finally had enough and tried tonforce it into her hand. \"For God's sake, Denham, leave thennative alone!\" yelled Bruce. \"She doesn't want the chocolate.\"nsaid Mr. Driscoll, his voice calm. Suddenly, the child bit Mr. Denham onnthe wrist and fled into the arms of an elderly woman, who looked verynsimilar to the child herself. Suddenly, everyone realized that theynwere completely surrounded by natives. But none of them seemed to benyoung, infact most of them were either women or elderly people. Therenwere a few children, though. \"It's alright. It's just a bunch ofnwomen and old folk. They're harmless.\" said Mr. Denham. Suddenly, there was a gasp. One of Mr.nDenham's crew members had been hit with an arrow, which caused Annento let out a terrifying scream that pierced the air. Out of nowhere,ncame more and more natives. Soon everyone was being attacked,nincluding Cora and Anne. As one of the natives forced Cora to thenground, she could Bruce being beaten terribly. Soon, he wasnunconscious. \"Bruce!\" screamed Cora. Suddenly, Cora felt something hit hernback hard. It kept hitting her again and again and again. Coranfinally realized that she was being hit with a rock. An extremelynhard rock, no doubt. Soon, Cora's entire back was bloody and bruised.nNever had Cora felt so much pain, and she had no idea if she would benable to survive it. Suddenly, a gunshot rang through the air and thenbeating stopped. For a moment, there was silence and then the nativesnsuddenly ran away. Cora felt someone pull her up and setnher on her feet, she looked up and saw Captain Englehorn. Relieved,nCora hugged him and kissed him on the cheek. \"Thank you for saving us.\" saidnCora. Before Captain Englehorn could respond,nAnne rushed up to Cora and hugged her. \"Thank goodness!\" said Anne. \"Are you okay?\" asked Cora. \"I'm just fine.\" Cora gasped in terror when she finallynsaw Bruce laying on the ground, practically lifeless. She rushed tonhim and stroked his face. Captain Englehorn watched on sadly,nthinking how nice it was to hug her. \"Bruce, wake up, please.\" sobbednCora. \"I'll only open my eyes if you kissnme.\" said Bruce. Cora laughed and kissed Bruce, thenngave him a hug. Cora helped him off the ground and helped him back tonthe Venture. Later at night, Cora and Bruce decided to help CaptainnEnglehorn and his crew free The Venture. Captain Englehorn insistednthat this was no work for a woman and Cora should rest because of herninjuries, but Cora said it was only way to repay him for what he did.nIt took almost an hour and heavy rains tried to make it impossible,nbut The Venture was finally free from the rocks. Everyone let out ancheer and Cora gave Bruce a long kiss, and then hugged him. \"We're going home aren't we, Bruce?\"nasked Cora. \"We're going back, Cora.\" saidnBruce. As The Venture turned around backntowards New York; Mr. Driscoll suddenly came to deck and urged fornCaptain Englehorn to turn it around. Then, he said the words thatnCora never thought she hear: \"They've taken Anne.\" said Mr.nDriscoll. \"Anne? Who has Anne? Where is mynsister?\" asked Cora, her voice showing her panic. \"The natives. They took her.\" saidnMr. Driscoll. Cora was in such a state of shock thatnshe almost fell to the ground, but Bruce quickly caught her. CaptainnEnglehorn stood in a state of shock, not knowing what to do. Finally,nthe shock wore off and he turned The Venture back towards SkullnIsland. As everyone was leaving The Venture to go and search fornAnne, Cora was stopped by Bruce. \"Cora, you've gotta stay here.\"nsaid Bruce. \"Anne is my sister, I've got to helpnher.\" said Cora. \"Fine. Help her by letting her seenher sister alive and unharmed.\" \"I'll be all right.\" \"You saw what those natives did tonyou. They killed Mike, they beat us till we bled and almost killednus. I'm not putting you at risk.\" \"It's my choice, not yours. Anne isnmy sister and I'm not going to sit by and do nothing.\" \"All right. Just promise me that younwon't go far, and you'll stick by me at all times.\" \"I will.\" Cora and Bruce joined hands and walkednoff The Venture together. Everyone began searching for Anne, but sawnnothing. They made their way towards the wall and then heard Anne letnout a loud scream, which was followed by a roar. \"Behind the wall!\" yelled Mr.nDriscoll. Mr. Driscoll rushed to the other sidenof the wall, while Cora waited anxiously for his return with Anne.nWhen Mr. Driscoll came back, he seemed extremely upset. \"She's gone.\" said Mr. Driscoll. Cora turned to Bruce and he hugged her,njust as Mr. Denham returned, but he wasn't upset. He was in shock. \"Carl, what is it?\" asked Mr.nDriscoll, but Mr. Denham's face said it all. \"You saw something.\" \"Mr. Denham, did you see what tooknmy sister?\" asked Cora. \"It was...It was a creature. A largencreature.\" said Mr. Denham, his voice was barely audible. Cora stared at Mr. Denham in disbelief.nEven if a giant creature did exist, then why would it be on SkullnIsland? And worse, what did it want with Anne?[Chapter 8] Cora sat on the beach, watching as weapons were being handed out to Anne's search party. Bruce approached her, and laid his hand on her arms. \"Go with Englehorn.\" Bruce said. Cora shook her head quickly. \"No, I'm not going back on board. I'm going to help you and the others find Anne.\" \"This is a man's job, Cora. You think that I'm going to let you go off into a godforsaken jungle and get killed by some wild animal?\" \"She's all I've got left in this world, Bruce. I don't want to see her killed...\" Cora looked up at Bruce. \"I won't see her killed.\" Cora walked away from Bruce and was startled when a hand came to her shoulder only a few minutes later. She turned and saw Captain Englehorn. \"You're going with them.\" Captain Englehorn said. \"Captain please, there is no point in changing my mind-\" Captain Englehorn held up his hand to pause Cora. \"That's not my intention, Miss Darrow. I just wanted to wish you well.\" Cora smiled. \"Thank you, Captain.\" For a moment, Captain Englehorn stared at Cora and brought his hand to her cheek. Using his thumb, he stroked her lips. \"Be safe, Miss Darrow.\" Captain Englehorn pulled his hand away from Cora's lips and walked towards the others. Cora stood for a moment, confused by Captain Englehorn's behavior and then approached Bruce, as Captain Englehorn was addressing the search party. \"You got guns, you got food, you got ammo. You got twenty-four hours.\" Captain Englehorn said. \"Twenty-four hours?\" Bruce repeated. \"This time tomorrow we haul anchor.\" Captain Englehorn said. The search party, which consisted of Cora, Bruce, Lumpy, Choy, Mr. Denham (with Herb the camerman and Preston, who was Denham's assistant in his tow), Mr. Driscoll, and eight sailors began to make their way through the gate. Before Bruce could leave, Cora saw him get dragged aside by Captain Englehorn. She was close enough to hear what he was saying to him. \"I don't give a damn if you live or die, Baxter. I think this will prove to be worthless and all you'll find is danger, ruins, and, unforunately, Miss Darrow's corpse at the bottom of a pit. That said: If you live and return without Cora, then you'll find your neck underneath my shoe. Do you understand?\" Bruce nodded quickly. \"Anything you say, Captain.\" He ran and caught up to Cora. \"We should catch up with everyone.\" Cora looked back at Captain Englehorn one last time; surprised that he had so little faith in the search for Anne, but touched that he seemed to care for Cora so deeply. \"Cora?\" The sound of Bruce's voice startled Cora, and she turned to him. Bruce held out his hand, Cora gave a small smile and took it. Together, they followed the search party into the jungle.[Chapter 9] As night began to fall, the search party made their way through the jungle. For awhile, they all paused to rest, and Cora took this chance to remove her shoes. Small, jagged pieces of rocks had made their way into the shoes, and Cora realized that both of her feet were smeared with blood. \"Good God, Cora!\" Cora looked up and saw Bruce rushing up to her. He knelt in front of her and touched her bloody feet. \"We need to get her back! Quick! She needs a doctor!\" Bruce shouted. \"Bruce, I'm all right.\" Cora said calmly. \"Your feet are covered with blood.\" Bruce argued. Cora sighed. \"It's from the rocks. They've gotten caught in my shoes. All I need to do is wash off the blood and-\" Bruce grabbed a canteen from a sailor, without asking, and then poured most of the water on Cora's feet, rinsing off the blood. \"Here, use this as bandages.\" Bruce took a large handkerchief, with his initials engraved on it, and tore it into shreds, wrapping it around Cora's feet. Cora smiled.\" Thank you, Bruce.\" \"Now, let's get you back to the Venture and have a doctor look you over.\" Cora's smile faded. \"I'm not going back, Bruce. You think that I'm going to let a few cuts and bruises stop me from finding my sister?\" \"You're not exactly helping by killing yourself.\" Bruce murmured. \"Are you two lovebirds done? We've got a long way ahead of us.\" Lumpy shouted. \"Yes, I'm ready.\" Cora slipped her shoes back on and stood, refusing Bruce's assistance. The search party continued through the jungle, with Cora keeping her distance from Bruce. She knew that he was concerned, but the idea of even suggesting that she go back when her only family was lost, had told Cora that perhaps she had perhaps really fallen in love with someone who didn't know her at all. Just as the search party was making their way through an area that was covered with vines, they all heard a scream that echoed through the jungle. \"Ann!\" Mr. Driscoll called out. He and Cora led the others through the vines, both sharing an equal determination to reach Ann. Another sound was heard, but it was not a scream, it was roaring. \"Ann!\"Mr. Driscoll shouted again. Then, Ann screamed again. Cora looked behind her, seeing the terrified faces of the other members of the search party. Even Mr. Driscoll was looking scared, and he had been the most optimistic up until now. \"Me and Ann have survived our hardships, Mr. Driscoll. She's a brave woman, and does not give up easily. We shouldn't either.\" Mr. Driscoll turned to Cora and nodded briefly. He began to press forward with Cora following close behind.[Chapter 10] The search party continued on their way; going in the direction where Anne's scream had came. After an hour of travel, they came across an area that was littered with bones. Among them, was a necklace made of bones, and attached to it was a strand of blonde hair. Mr. Driscoll picked it up and showed it to Cora. \"Oh my goodness!\" Cora exclaimed, observing the necklace. \"That's Anne's hair. I know it anywhere.\" Before Mr. Driscoll could say anything in response, the sun began to rise. Revealing even more bones, mainly human skulls. \"Christ! It's a bleeding bone yard!\" Lumpy said. \"They've been ripped from limb to limb.\" Cora closed her eyes tight, trying not to think of what pain these humans had to endure before being destroyed by whatever creature had captured them. Bile rose into her throat as the sudden realization that Anne could soon be among these remains; Cora could practically hear her sister's bones being severed one by one. \"Cora?\" Cora jumped and saw Bruce standing behind her. She walked away slowly and soon her knees buckled and she threw up. \"Jesus, Cora!\" Bruce ran to Cora and rubbed her back, hoping that it would help to soothe her. Cora brushed him off and spit out the remains of her bile. Leaning against a tree, she felt hot tears streak her face. \"It could be her, Bruce. My sister could be one of them.\" Cora mumbled. \"She's not.\" \"Not here, not now. But she could be, Bruce. My sister could be dying, bleeding to death...I can't think about it...The idea of her dying...And dying in such pain...\" \"Then don't. You'll find your sister, Cora. You will.\" Bruce said. \" We will find her.\" Cora corrected, wiping away her tears. Bruce hesitated for a moment, before speaking. \"Of course. That's what I had meant.\" Bruce offered his hand to Cora and she took it, allowing Bruce to pull her to her feet. Hand in hand, they and the search party continued their way through the jungles of Skull Island.[Chapter 11] The search party continued on, until they came to a valley; it was in ruins, and rather narrow. Everyone sat down to rest, including Cora who was beginning to feel dizzy from the heat. \"Hey fellas! We don't have time for this. We've lost too much time already, come on get up!\" Mr. Driscoll urged. Mister Hayes took Mr. Driscoll aside and spoke to him quietly. He then turned and addressed the search party. \"Alright, you got five minutes! Everybody stay in sight!\" Mister Hayes ordered. Cora took small sips from her canteen and wiped the sweat off her forehead. Bruce approached her and sat next to her, massaging her neck. \"You're completely soaked, Cora.\" Bruce said. \"It's the heat. I'm not really use to it.\" Cora explained to Bruce. Before Bruce could say anything else, Mr. Denham walked over to them. \"What is it, Carl?\" Bruce asked. \"I need you to come with me. I want to film a scene here.\" Mr. Denham explained. Bruce turned to Cora. \"Duty calls.\" \"You aren't serious, Bruce. How could you, or anyone else, want to shoot the picture when my sister is out there somewhere.\" \"We'll find her, Cora, but I didn't come here to just search. I came here for my job.\" Bruce gave Cora a small kiss on the lips and then followed Mister Denham and his crew. Cora remained where she was, stunned by what Bruce had just said. Was his career more important than the life of his girlfriend's only sister? \"Bloody Nora!\" A voice said suddenly. Cora saw the sailors gathering around something; Mr. Driscoll was kneeling on the ground. Cora stood and went to see what the commotion was about: It didn't take her long to see a large footprint in the sand. \"Is that what took Miss Darrow?\" Jimmy asked. \"There's only one creature capable of leaving a footprint that size...\" Lumpy began to say, and all eyes went to him. \"The abominable snowman!\" He announced. While the sailors seemed to agree, Cora wasn't so sure, and it seemed with Mr. Driscoll and Mister Hayes were reading her thoughts. \"It's gotta be-what? Twenty...Twenty-five feet?\" Mister Hayes wondered out loud. \"Carl saw it. Let's ask him.\" Mr. Driscoll said. \"Denham!\" Mister Hayes shouted, but there was no reply. \"Where did he go?\" \"Carl!\" Mr. Driscoll shouted. Cora sighed. \"They're filming a scene for the picture.\" \"At a time like this?\" Mr. Driscoll said, his voice raised. Cora gave a meek nod. Soon, she could hear the sound of something rattling above her and, just as she looked up, rocks began to fall from the cliffs. What frightened her more was that the ground was beginning to shake. \"What's happening?\" Cora asked. Bruce suddenly came running towards them, he seemed incredibly spooked and quickly grabbed Cora's hand, and continued to run. \"What is it? Where's Carl?\" Mr. Driscoll asked. Bruce slowed down and turned to Mr. Driscoll, appearing extremely nervous. \"He's...He's...um...well, he's up there. Filming.\" Bruce said nothing more and took off running, with Cora attempting to keep up with him. \"Bruce, what is it? Why are you so scared?\" Cora asked, panting as she spoke. \"Just don't stop running!\" Bruce demanded. So, they kept running, hand in hand. Finally, Cora looked over her shoulder and saw the remaining members of the search party running straight at them. She looked over their heads and saw just exactly what they were running from: a herd of dinosaurs! \"Don't look back! Keep going!\" Bruce cried. So, they all kept running. Trying their best to outrun the dinosaurs, but unfortunately not everyone was lucky. A few sailors were stomped to death under the feet of the large beasts; Cora could swear she heard all of their bones being crunched, one by one. Cora and Bruce were soon way ahead of the search party, and Cora was wondering if she should turn back to help. No matter if she wanted to, Bruce was keeping a tight hold on her hand and had no intentions of slowing down. \"Bruce-\" Before Cora could get another word out, a small dinosaur came running towards them. Bruce suddenly stopped and stood in front of Cora, holding up his gun. \"Bruce, it's too dangerous!\" Cora shrieked, trying to pull Bruce's arm down. Bruce did not listen and fired at the small dinosaur and missed. Or so Cora thought. Instead, he had managed to shoot down one of the larger dinosaurs, who began to tumble and fall. Soon the search party, save Bruce and Cora, were lost in the pile of collapsing dinosaurs. Some of the search party had thankfully emerged safely, including Mr. Denham and his crew, and Mr. Driscoll and Mr. Hayes. The smaller dinosaurs soon stopped and began to feast on their larger cousins. Everyone took this opportunity to began climbing over a mountain of rocks to escape. Cora was able to climb over, with assistance from Bruce. The search party soon followed, but Cora noticed that Herbert, a camera man for Mr. Denham, was not amongst them. While everyone seemed tired and rightfully frightened, Mr. Driscoll gave them all the strength to continue on the search. He didn't have to do much convincing when it came to Cora; she was determined to find her sister, and no dinosaur would stop her. When they all came to a swamp, it was time for another rest. Cora, forgetting her own cuts and scratches, began to tend to the tired and injured sailors. \"Jimmy, do a head count. I wanna know how many are injured and how bad-\" \"Injured? \"Lumpy cut off Mr. Hayes. \"Four of us are dead!\" Cora closed her eyes tight, draining her eyes of the tears that she shed for the fallen sailors and for Herbert. \"It was scary.\" Jimmy suddenly said. Cora looked up and saw Jimmy sitting across from her, with a bleeding hand. She sighed and approached him, kneeling in front of him. \"Your hand was cut. Let me clean it.\" Cora said, trying to hide the fact that she was just as scared as Jimmy. Cora ripped a shred of fabric from her dress and pressed it against Jimmy's hand. As she finished cleaning the cut, Bruce stood to his feet. \"We gotta get back to the ship. Englehorn sails in nine hours.\" Bruce said. \"So? We gotta find Miss Darrow.\" Jimmy argued. Cora stood to her feet and walked up to Bruce. \"He's right. We can't leave her behind, Bruce.\" Bruce ignored Cora, and addressed Jimmy. \"Hey, did you hear me? We're gonna be stranded here!\" \"Bruce, I'm not leaving this island unless Anne is with me.\" Cora said quietly. Bruce shook his head sadly and then noticed that Mr. Driscoll was giving him a foul stare. \"Miss Darrow was a great gal. No question. She was a wonderful person. It's a terrible loss. We're all gonna miss her.\" \"She could still be alive!\" Cora nearly shouted. \"What if she isn't? What are we here for then, huh?\" Bruce argued. \"I always knew you were nothing like the tough guy you play on screen. I just never figured you for a coward.\" Mr. Driscoll said to Bruce. \"Hey, pal, wake up. Heroes don't look like me, not in the real world. In the real world they've got bad teeth, a bald spot, and a beer gut. Be seeing ya'. Come on, Cora.\" Bruce began to walk away but soon realized that Cora wasn't following him. She sighed and walked up to him. \"I've said it many times, Bruce: I'm not giving up. I will find my sister.\" \"You're a crazy kid, Cora Darrow. You mean that your sister is more important than I am? Than what we have?\" \"She's my only family, Bruce, you've gotta understand that.\" Bruce shook his head. \"You'll be killed out here. All of you will. I'm not staying around to search for some dame with a kid sister who only said she loved me to make sure I got her in pictures.\" No longer able to contain her anger, Cora slapped Bruce across the face, and the search party watched on in stunned silence. \"A lovebird's left the nest, I believe.\" Lumpy muttered. Cora ignored Lumpy, and began to speak quietly, but firmly, to Bruce. \"I told you that I loved you because you had said you loved me. Now, you think I said it, only to get my chance in some lousy picture show? I had feelings for you, Bruce...Now, I can see you for what you really are.\" \"The smartest man on this island?\" Bruce remarked. Cora shook her head. \"No, Bruce. A selfish bastard. Now leave or I'll hit you again.\" \"Good luck, kid. You'll need it. You'll all need it.\" Bruce stormed off and back into the jungle. Cora wiped away a few tears that had fallen, and sniffled quietly. She did not regret breaking off her relationship with Bruce, but she didn't mean to call him such a terrible name and make him so angry. \"Anyone else?\" Hayes asked, addressing the search party. Soon, a couple of sailors ran off after Bruce. Cora felt a hand come to her shoulder and realized that it was Mr. Driscoll. \"That was a good thing you did, Cora. Anne will be proud when we find her.\" Mr. Driscoll said. \"And we will.\" Cora reached into the pocket of dress and took out a secret present from Captain Englehorn: a small pistol. \"I don't need his protection anymore. I need to find my sister, and bring her home where she belongs.\" Cora cocked the gun once and walked away from Mr. Driscoll, a strong sense of determination shining in her eyes.[Chapter 12] The search party continued to make their way through the jungle, until they came upon a chasm. It seemed that their only way across was a long log that stretched across it. As they made their way onto the log, Cora held out her arms to keep herself balanced, pretending that she was a circus act on a tightrope. \"Just don't look down, all right?\" Mr. Driscoll said to Cora. \"Don't worry. I have no intention of looking down.\" Cora said, keeping her eyes straight ahead. Mr. Hayes was just ahead Cora, and Jimmy was just behind him. As Mr. Hayes stepped off the log, he paused and looked into the cave that was ahead. \"Go back! Back across the log!\" Mr. Hayes ordered. Everyone began to back away, Cora nearly lost her footing but Mr. Driscoll caught her by her arm and pulled her back up. \"Get Jimmy out of here.\" Mr. Hayes said, after Jimmy refused to go anywhere. Mr. Driscoll and Cora began to pull on Jimmy, just as Mr. Hayes began shooting at the darkness of the cave. What happened next terrified Cora; a large creature swiped Mr. Hayes up with one hand. The creature seemed to be an ape of sorts, but defintely not one that Cora had seen at any zoo. He was at least eighty feet and had a wild look about him; Cora just stood there shocked until Jimmy's screaming brought her back to reality. \"No! Let him go! Kill him! Kill him!\" Jimmy yelled. Mr. Driscoll kept a hold on Jimmy to stop from running forward to help Mr. Hayes. All Cora could to avoid shooting at this creature; this creature that could kill Mr. Hayes and possibly might have been the thing that took her sister, was to dig her fingernails into the palm of her hand. \"Bring him down! Mr. Hayes!\" Jimmy continued to yell. \"You've gotta run, Jimmy.\" Mr. Hayes said. \"No! I ain't gonna run!\" Jimmy shouted. \"Do as I say. Go with Jack...All of you.\" Mr. Hayes ordered. Mr. Hayes gave one final shout to run, and soon the creature tossed him aside like a rag doll and fell down into the ravine below them. Mr. Driscoll had to restrain Jimmy and soon everyone began shooting at the creature. Even Cora, whose eyes were stinging from fresh tears and blinding her vision. The creature advanced towards the search party and soon lifted up the log. Everyone began to hang on as the creature did all sorts of things to the log to shake them loose. Cora was so frightened and looked below at her inevitable death. \"Hey! Here! Over here!\" Cora was sure she heard a voice calling out. A very familiar voice. She looked up for a moment and saw something in the distance. Was it an animal? No. This was a human, and it was defintely Anne. \"Anne. Anne, you're alive.\" Cora whispered to herself. Cora tried to stand, but it was too late. The creature finally tossed the log into the ravine below. As she fell, Cora closed her eyes tight, and she could not help but smile. If she died, at least she knew that her sister was alive. Anne was alive and that was all that mattered. Soon, she hit the ground and landed hard on her back, and then saw nothing but darkness. \"Cora? Cora, wake up.\" Wake up? Hadn't she died? Hadn't everyone died when they fell? Cora struggled to open her eyes, expecting to see an angel waiting for her, but instead what she saw was the bruised and bloodied face of Mr. Driscoll. \"Mr. Driscoll?\" Cora said. \"Yeah, it's me, kid. We're alive. Well...some of us...\" Cora turned her head to her right, though it hurt to do so. There, she saw Jimmy crumpled on the ground. \"Jimmy...\" \"I'll check on him, don't worry.\" Mr. Driscoll said. Cora sighed in relief and then gave Mr. Driscoll a weak smile. \"I saw her, Mr. Driscoll. I saw Anne. She's okay...She's alive.\" Mr. Driscoll looked down at her and Cora saw something reflect in his eyes. Was that pity she saw? \"Can you sit up?\" Mr. Driscoll asked. Cora nodded slowly and Mr. Driscoll helped her sit up slowly, leaning her against a cold, stone wall. As Mr. Driscoll made his way to Jimmy, Cora took in her surroundings. There was nothing but darkness, and she saw three corpses: Mr. Hayes, a sailor that she didn't know well, and Choy who was perhaps one of the sweetest men she ever met on the voyage and Lumpy's best friend. As Cora sat up some more, she felt a stinging pain in her leg. Pulling up her dress, she saw her leg was swollen to the size of a grapefruit and covered with large bruises. She knew that she could have gotten a lot worse than a broken leg. Then, she heard it. At first, she thought it was rain, but then she surely would have felt it drop down. She listened more closely and realized it was the patter of something, something coming closer to them. And then, she heard a faint hissing in her ear, and her heartbeat grew louder. \"Cora, don't move!\" Mr. Driscoll ordered. Cora obeyed as Mr. Driscoll picked up his gun and aimed it straight at her. Instead of giving her a bullet to a head, Mr. Driscoll shot a large spider that exploded only inches away from Cora, its blood splattering her on her cheek. Soon, there was more spiders and more large creatures. Cora saw her gun was only inches away from her and scooted closer to it. She grabbed it quickly and began firing madly at any creature that she saw, as the others took them on as well. Everyone did all they could, but there was far too many of these insects. They couldn't do it by themselves and soon they would be eaten alive. \"It's no use! There's too many!\" Cora shouted out. Suddenly, there was gunshots from above and Cora looked up. There she could see Captain Englehorn and a few of his men; soon, Bruce came swinging down on a rope and opened fire on the insects. Now, these creatures didn't stand a chance, and soon everyone was beginning to climb a rope to safety. Cora had to be assisted by Bruce, even though he was the last person that she wanted help from. As soon as reached the top of the chasm, Captain Englehorn was there to pull her up. As soon as he did, Cora couldn't help herself and hugged him tight, tears flowing freely. \"You're alive. I thought I had lost you.\" Captain Englehorn whispered. Cora whimpered as Captain Englehorn pulled her closer and pulled his coat around her and then kissed her blonde hair. As Cora looked over her shoulder, she realized that she was the other side of the chasm, and not the side that led into the cave. The cave that could lead her to her sister. \"No! I have to keep going. Anne is alive. I saw her before I fell...She's alive.\" \"I'm not losing you! You're coming back!\" Cora struggled to break free from Captain Englehorn, but soon realized she had no strength to do it. As weakness overcame her, she prayed silently that Anne would forgive her. She soon fell into a faint into Captain Englehorn's arms, and all he could do was hold her. \"Don't ever scare me again, Cora Darrow. Don't ever do it.\" Captain Englehorn whispered. \"You love her, don't you?\" Captain Englehorn looked up and saw Preston standing behind him, looking down at the two of them. \"It's not your damn business who I care about, Mr. Preston.\" Captain Englehorn said. After everyone was safe again, they made their way to the ship. All expect Mr. Driscoll who continued to go ahead with the search alone. Mr. Denham thought it was a brilliant plan, this way the creature could be captured. \"Cora, do you hear me?\" When Cora regained conscious, she found that her wounds were dressed and her leg had been placed in a set of stilts. \"You've been asleep for three days.\" Cora looked up and saw the least expected person: Anne. Her sister was sitting on the foot of the bed, holding her hand and smiling. This had to be a dream and soon Cora would wake up and Anne would be gone again. But then, she never knew anyone to have dreams in so much pain. \"Anne? Anne, is it really you?\" Cora asked, feeling tears run down her face. \"It's me. I'm safe.\" Anne brushed away Cora's tears with her thumb. \"So are you. We're both safe.\" Cora leaned forward and threw her arms around Anne. All the searching, all the pain and tears, and here Anne was. They were reunited at last. \"I thought that we would never find you.\" Cora said, finally releasing Anne and wiping away a few stray tears. \"Well, Jack found me with Kong and took me from him.\" Anne said. \"Kong?\" Cora repeated. \"Is that what took you?\" \"Yes, he took me. I don't think he meant to harm me, Cora. I really don't think he did.\" \"It doesn't matter what that thing's intentions were, as long as you're all right.\" Anne smiled. \"Well, you had a pretty close call. Thank God for Captain Englehorn.\" \"Captain Englehorn? What do you mean?\" Cora asked. \"Captain Englehorn is the one who stayed with you and nursed you back to health. He dressed your wounds, brought down your fever-\" \"I had a fever?\" \"Only a small one. He fed you, he held your hand, and once I had recovered to see you he insisted that I never leave your side.\" \"He did?\" Anne nodded and Cora laid against the pillows, taking everything in. Captain Englehorn had taken care of her? Kept her alive? He had a ship to run, and instead he chose to help her. Why? She hadn't done anything for him. There had to be a reason, and Cora wished that she knew what it was.[Chapter 13] When Cora felt that she was able, she began to walk around and found herself on deck. Jimmy ran up to her and hugged her. \"I'm glad you're feeling better, Miss Darrow.\" Jimmy said. \"Well, I'm glad that you survived. Have you seen the Captain, Jimmy?\" Jimmy nodded and pointed at the bow of the ship. Cora walked up to Captain Englehorn, or rather limped because of her leg. She laid a hand on his shoulder and he jumped and turned around. \"You're finally walking. That's good news.\" Captain Englehorn said. \"Well, I owe it to Anne, she kept doing whatever possible to get me up and about.\" Cora looked down at her feet and felt her cheeks grow warm. \"I believe that I should also thank you.\" \"I-I don't see a reason to thank me.\" Cora looked back up and met Captain Englehorn's face. \"I do. Anne told me what you had done. She says that you nursed me back to health, that you stayed at my bedside until she had recovered.\" Captain Englehorn nodded quickly. \"I did. Y-You had just scared me, and I didn't want to lose the one person that I...\" Captain Englehorn cut off his sentence and then turned to face the ocean. Cora touched his shoulder again, but he wouldn't turn around. \"That you what, sir?\" Cora asked quietly. Captain Englehorn sighed deeply. \"That I care about...That I have loved since the moment that I first saw her.\" \"You love me?\" Captain Englehorn finally turned to Cora. \"Yes, I do. Cora, when you're a captain, there are days when you don't believe that you'll come home alive. It seems terrible to say, but I had no reason for wanting to come back alive anyway. My crew, they have wives and loved ones, someone to think about to get them through the day. I never did, until I saw you.\" \"Why hadn't you told me before?\" Cora asked. Captain Englehorn shrugged. \"Would you have loved me in return? When you had Mr. Baxter, a wealthy cinema star. What could I have given you? A small house, hardly anything to secure you financially, and no guarantee that I'd ever return from the sea-\" It was only when Cora kissed him long and hard, that Captain Englehorn was silenced. He stared at her in amazement. \"I've lived in nothing but a small apartment my entire life, and money is not exactly growing on trees nowadays. As for the chance that you may die while you're sailing...In life, you can't guarantee anything, you can only take it day by day.\" Cora brought her hand to Captain Englehorn's cheek. \"Abraham, I love you. I was just a blind fool not to see what I had in front of me.\" \"You know, after we make port in New York, I was thinking of returning to Germany for a short while. It does become lonesome in my house, and I would enjoy your company.\" Cora smiled and kissed Captain Englehorn.\" You have it.\" She whispered. ","Summary":" Cora Darrow sat in frontnof her mirror. She was putting some makeup on. She was 22-years-old,nonly "},{"Movie":"Grease","Title":"A Putzie's Centric","Author":"Writing4Life2018","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13227052","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ok so a little side-note, I know there are some of the story I've written before but some I may have not lol! Fever: Putzie Jacobs has a fever and bad cold. So he gets a visit from his best friend and leader of the T-Birds, Danny Zuko. The 18 years old T-Birds Putzie Jacobs was lying in bed with a fever and a bad cold. Just then he saw the door open and it was his best friend and leader of the The T-Birds, Danny Zuko. \"Hey bud, how are ya feeling?\" Danny asked him. \"Still sick as a dog.\" Putzie replied. Putzie started coughing and winces at the sting in his chest. \"Will I ever get better?\" Putzie asked Danny chuckles. \"You will bud.\" Danny told him. \"When will that be?\" Putzie asked. Danny chuckles, sitting down on the bed facing his youngest best friend. \"Soon kid.\" Danny smiled. Putzie let out a sigh and looks over at the clock on his nightstand that said \"12:03pm\" and he looks over at Danny confused.. \"Hey, are you supposed to be in school right now?\" Putzie asked him. \"Hey, you're way more important than dumb school.\" Danny smiled. The boys laughed. \"Thanks man.\" Putzie smiled weakly. \"Ehh, anything for my dork.\" Danny smirked. Putzie chuckles at him, then Danny noticed how tired Putzie looked. \"You tired Putz?\" Danny asked. Putzie nods his head making Danny chuckles at him. \"Scoot over buddy.\" Danny said. Brother was a special nickname that the boys came up since they are really more like brothers than best friends or member of the T-Birds. Anyway, as Putzie scoot over to make room for Danny. Danny sat next to Putzie and put his protective arm around the younger boy as Putzie rest his head on his shoulder. \"Better?\" Danny asked. \"Mmhmm.\" Putzie mutters quietly. \"I'll protect you Babyface,\" Danny told him. \"Love you brother.\" Danny kissed his head. He didn't care if they were greasers or boys, he always cared and protected Putzie as he was his baby brother. Putzie was special to Danny, Danny always wanted a brother but once he got older he realized that he has one, actually 4. The T-Birds were like brothers than best friends. Putzie was their Babyface. Putzie doesn't mind having overly protective best friends, it may annoy him once a while. But he knows they mean well. I hope this chapter is a better one than before if not, please forgive me lol! Xx[Chapter 2] Thunderstorm - Putzie may be a greaser, but the guys, epically Danny know when their youngest best friend is scared or sad. Putzie always hated thunderstorms, ever since he was little and Danny always comforts him. Putzie Jacobs May be a greaser, but being the youngest member of the T-Birds he be a little sensitive and vulnerable which means the guys Danny Zuko, Kenickie Murdoch, Sonny LaTierri and Doody Del Fuego are very protective of him. Anyway it was cool evening night in Venice California, 18 years old T-Birds Putzie Jacobs was sitting up in his bed, hugging his legs to his chest shaking like a leaf, he always afraid of the thunderstorm, ever since he was really small. Only Danny knew about his fear of thunderstorms, he never made fun of him because it truly terrified him. Just Putzie jumped out of his skin when he heard a noise at his window. \"It's ok Putzie, probably just the wind.\" Putzie says to himself. But it wasn't the wind hitting the window, it was somebody opening the window. It was pitch black in his room, so he saw a black figure climbing inside making Putzie closed his eyes, praying to God. Just then he felt a lump on his bed making Putzie scared out of his wits, but he started to calm down when he felt a comforting arms wrapped around him. He knew who it was. \"Shhh, it's ok buddy.\" Danny whispers gently to him. \"Make it go away Dannie.\" Putzie cried in Danny's arms. \"I wish I can kiddo.\" Danny tells him. Just then another clap of thunder made Putzie jumped. \"Shhh, hey it's gonna be alright.\" Danny whispers, hugging him tightly in his arms. \"D-Danny, am I'm a...am I'm a wimp?\" Putzie asked his older friend. Danny looks down at his youngest best friend in his arms. \"Of course not.\" Danny says. \"Everyone has fear.\" Putzie let out a big sigh. \"Not you though.\" Putzie says. \"That's why I looked up to you, you're always brave and you never let anyone or anything scare you.\" Danny looks up. \"That's why we always wanted you to be the leader of the T-Birds.\" Putzie added. Danny lets out a sigh. \"Yeah...\" Danny started. Danny knew it was wrong, inside he was scared. When he was 12, he lost his mother because of cancer and now his father is really ill. He's worried that he might be separated from his 8 years old baby sister Daisy. Kenickie and Sonny knows about it, but not Doody or Putzie, because he wanted to keep his game face on and be brave for them. \"You ok Danny?\" Putzie asked. \"Uh yeah,\" Danny lied. \"Come on, try getting some sleep.\" \"Do I have too?\" Putzie asked. Even though it's dark in the room, but Danny could see the innocence in his eyes. \"Don't worry, I'm right here to protect ya.\" Danny told him. Putzie smiled up at him. \"Thanks Zuko...for everything.\" Putzie says before closing his eyes. \"Goodnight kid.\" Danny said kissing his head. \"Love you brother.\" \"Brother\" was a nickname that Danny and Putzie came up for each other when they really young. \"I'll always protect you.\" Danny promises him. Putzie finally relaxed in his arms and felt lot safe in Danny's arms, his hero, his protector, his role model and his big brother.[Chapter 3] Like I said, some of the story you may recognize. :) Nightmare - Putzie gets a nightmare and of course his best friend who is like a big brother to him, Danny is there to comfort him. Putzie Jacobs was tossing and turning in his bed, he was a nightmare. All sudden he jolted up on his bed, with tears streaming down his face while sweating. He literally jumped out of his bed when he saw a figure at his window. Putzie try to call out to the dark figure, but couldn't because he was terrified and praying to God, just then the figure walked over to his bed and sat next to him. But once Putzie felt an arm wrapped around him, he started to calm down. Cause he knew who it was. \"D-Danny?\" Putzie asked. \"Shhh, it's ok brother.\" Danny comforted him. \"It was awful.\" Putzie cries. \"It's ok Putz, wanna tell me what it was about?\" Danny asked him. Putzie just looks up to his elder friend, Danny could see innocence in his eyes even if it dark in the room. \"It's ok if you don't.\" Danny gently said. \"I don't really wanna say it cause...\" Putzie started. \"Cause why?\" Danny asked. \"C-cause we're the T-Birds and guys don't tell their feelings.\" Putzie says. \"A-and I don't wanna look like a wimp.\" Danny let out a sigh. \"Buddy, just because we're the T-Birds doesn't mean don't have feelings.\" Danny told him. \"Besides, if we have a problem we talk about it. Because know why?\" \"Why?\" Putzie asked him. \"Because we're more than just best friends...\" Danny started. \"We're brothers.\" Putzie smiled a little. \"Really?\" Putzie asked. \"Yes, now if you want, would you like to tell me about your dream?\" Danny asked again. \"Yeah.\" Putzie replied. \"I um...I had a dream that my big bro Phil was still in war and uh...he got...he um...he got...s-shot right in front of me. I watched him die.\" Putzie told him. Danny felt his heart broke, he didn't want Putzie to have these kind of dreams. \"Babyface...it's gonna ok be.\" Danny said hugging Putzie tight in his arms. \"Phil's alright.\" \"But it felt so real.\" Putzie cried in his arms. \"I know pal, but it's not...because he won't let it happen.\" Danny said. He was talking about God, Putzie and his family were religious. \"You gotta have faith and also...keep praying.\" Danny added. \"I um...I guessed your right.\" Putzie says. Danny chuckles at him. \"Of course I am ya goofball.\" Danny said ruffling his hair. \"Now would you try going back to sleep?\" \"But what I get that nightmare again?\" Putzie asked. \"I won't let it happen.\" Danny told him. \"I'll stay with ya.\" \"Thanks...even with Phil away, you and the guys are there for me...my incredible wonderful brothers.\" Putzie said as he rest in Danny's arms closing his eyes. Danny smiled as he watched Putzie fall asleep. They may be greasers or bad boys, or the members of the T-Birds, Danny always treated Putzie as his baby brother. So did the guys. Putzie was their life, their baby brother whom they'll protect. Danny and Putzie have a special Nickname for each other and it's \"Brother\".[Chapter 4] Cold - Putzie has a bad cold, so Danny offers to take care of him. Putzie Jacobs was sitting under the bleacher hugging his legs to his chest while shaking like a leaf, because he was really cold and not feeling so well. Then he looks up to see his best friend and the leader of the T-Birds Danny Zuko walking over to him. \"Putz, what are ya doing out here in the cold?\" Danny asked him. \"I wanna go home Danny.\" Putzie shivered. Then Danny sat down and puts his arms around his youngest best friend. \"Shhh, it's ok buddy, I got you.\" Danny whispers. \"I don't want to be a wimp.\" Putzie said. \"You are not a wimp Putzie,\" Danny said. \"Come on, I'll take you home.\" Then they stood up, Danny still had his arm around him. So they got to Danny's car and got in, then Danny drove off to Putzie's house and they arrived. \"Ok Putzie, let's go.\" Danny said as they both got out. They went inside and Danny lead Putzie into the living room and lay him down on the couch pulling up a blanket on him and sat down next to him, soothing his back. \"There you go kiddo, feeling better now?\" Danny asked him gently. Putzie shook his head no. \"I'm gonna go make some chicken soup for you.\" Danny said getting up. \"And then I'm gonna call Phil and tell him that I took you home because you're not feeling well and I'm staying with you, ok.\" Putzie just nods his head and Danny went in the kitchen. \"Wanna watch TV?\" Danny asked coming back in the living room and turned on the TV for Putzie. \"There ya go buddy.\" \"Thanks Danny.\" Putzie said. \"No problem.\" Danny said. Danny went back in the kitchen and Putzie close his eyes, somehow he just fell asleep so quickly. Then he woke up crying and screaming for Danny's name. \"Danny!\" Putzie screamed while crying. \"Danny, where are you!?\" Just then Danny came running back in the living room and ran to Putzie's side, and pulling him for a tight hug. \"Shhhh its ok Putzie, I'm here now.\" Danny whispers gentle. \"It's ok.\" Putzie started to calm down in Danny's arms. \"Want me to stay with you for awhile?\" Danny asked him. Putzie nodded his head. \"Ok, here.\" Danny said sitting back on the couch while holding Putzie in his arms. Putzie had his soup on the table in front of them. \"Love you brother.\" Danny said kissing his head. \"You too brother.\" Putzie replied. Putzie finally fell asleep and Danny was still holding Putzie in his arms. He would do anything to protect his best friend to keep him safe and warm. Putzie wasn't just his best friend; he was his baby brother, even though they are greasers. But Danny loves him like a brother.[Chapter 5] Migraine - One day in class Putzie gets a migraine, so Kenickie takes him home and take care of him. It was a boring day at Rydell high, Putzie Jacobs and Kenickie Murdoch were in their classroom, Kenickie was bored as usual, but when he looks over at his best friend and the youngest of the T-Birds Putzie rubbing his head like he was in pain, he started to get worried. \"Putzie you ok?\" Kenickie asked. \"Ugh, Yeah.\" Putzie lied. Then the throbbing started to get worse. \"Ugh! Yeah my head!\" Putzie screamed making everyone in the class looking over at him. \"Mr. Jacobs you alright?\" The teacher asked him. Putzie wasn't speaking, he was too much in pain. \"Uh miss, May I take Putzie home. He's not feeling well.\" Kenickie asked. \"Sure boys.\" The teacher replied. \"Feel better soon Mr. Jacobs.\" Kenickie drapes Putzie's arm around him and helped him walked out of the classroom and down the hall. \"Gah, my head!\" Putzie screamed. \"Hang on Babyface, we're almost outside.\" Kenickie told him. Once the boys arrived outside, Putzie literally hit himself against Kenickie's chest, hiding from the bright sunshine. \"Ahh Kenickie, turn down the sun!\" Putzie yelled. Kenickie felt so bad for his best friend. \"Come on, we're almost to Greased Lightning.\" Kenickie told him as he and Putzie hurried to Greased Lightning. Kenickie helped Putzie get in and carefully shut the door as he shut the door. He turned on the engine, as he was pulling out of the parking lot. Kenickie puts an comforting hand on Putzie's arm. \"Hang In there kid, we're almost to your house.\" Kenickie told him. \"You have your house key?\" Kenickie gently grabs the house key of Putzie's T-Bird jacket and put in his. \"GAH!\" Putzie screamed. \"Take it easy Babyface.\" Kenickie gently told him. Then Kenickie went a little faster, once the boys arrive at Putzie's house. Kenickie quickly got of Greased Lightning and ran to Putzie's side, opening the door for him. But when he got a good look at his face, Putzie had tears streaming everywhere, it broke his heart to his best friend, his Babyface, his baby brother in pain. \"Ok, come on Putz.\" Kenickie said helping Putzie out. Kenickie helped Putzie up to the front porch and unlocked the door, quietly shuts the door so he won't cause any more pain for Putzie. \"Ok kid, let's take you upstairs to your room.\" Kenickie told him as he carefully took him upstairs to his room. Kenickie gently laid Putzie down on his bed, and then shuts his shades so it can be dark in his room. Kenickie could hear Putzie whimpering nonstop. \"Ok Babyface, everything gonna be ok.\" Kenickie told him. \"I promise.\" \"Make it go away!\" Putzie yelled clutching onto his head. \"It hurts like heck!\" \"I know, listen I'm gonna go grab some water and headache pills for you.\" Kenickie said running out of the room. Putzie felt like dying, he wanted the throbbing stop. Then Kenickie came back with a glass of water and 3 headache pill. \"Ok Putz, you gotta take three of these.\" Kenickie told him. \"Get them yucky crap away from me!\" Putzie yelled. \"Oh great!\" Kenickie thought. \"Get it away!\" Putzie yelled. \"Putzie, you gotta take it.\" Kenickie said to him. \"I don't wanna\" Putzie said pouting like a little kid. Kenickie lets out a sigh. \"Babyface, if you take these it'll make the pain go away.\" Kenickie told him. \"Really?\" Putzie asked. Kenickie saw the innocence in his eyes. \"Yes.\" Kenickie replied calmly. \"Ok, let have them.\" Putzie said taking the pills and drinking them down. \"Good boy, now try shutting your eyes and get some sleep.\" Kenickie says to him. \"Can you call Danny and the guys?\" Putzie asked. \"After school when they're done.\" Kenickie told him. \"Kay.\" Putzie said before going to sleep, but still in pain. Kenickie watches Putzie sleeps, he felt so bad for his Babyface, having a horrible migraine. He wanted to stop the pain for him. After awhile, when school was done Kenickie called the guys and the guys arrived at Putzie's house, they were standing at his doorway of his bedroom watching him sleep Peacefully. \"How bad was it?\" Sonny asked. \"Bad, migraine.\" Kenickie replied. \"Poor kid.\" Doody says. Danny walks in the room, sitting on Putzie's bed, gently shaking him. \"Putzie, hey wake up.\" Danny gently said. Putzie opens his to see Danny there. \"Danny,\" Putzie smiled. \"Hey, I heard what happened. How are you feeling?\" He asked him. \"A little better, but my head still hurts.\" Putzie admits. Danny smiled sadly. \"Well how about you get some rest Kay.\" Danny told him. \"Can you guys...stay here until my folks and Phil comes home?\" Putzie asked. \"Of course buddy.\" Kenickie says. \"Thanks man.\" Putzie smiled. \"Anytime kiddo.\" Kenickie replied. \"Oh crap, Danny...\" Putzie started. \"Don't worry, I'll pick Pammy up too.\" Danny chuckles at him. \"Thanks guys...for everything.\" Putzie said. \"Hey we'll do anything for dorky friend.\" Sonny smirked. Putzie chuckled at him. \"Alright, get some rest brother.\" Danny told him as he stood up. Once the Danny and Kenickie walked out of the room, they heard a snoring sound. They laughed softly. He such a Putz, but he was their Putz. Putzie was so grateful to have by his side, protecting him, making sure he's alright.[Chapter 6] Broken Arm - The T-Birds may be greasers, but the 4 oldest members of the T-Birds always made sure their youngest best friend who is like a baby brother to them, Putzie is safe and protected. Putzie gets an broken arm, so the guys takes care of him. Putzie Jacobs was sitting on the couch watching TV till his older best friend and the leader of the T-Birds Danny Zuko came in the room with a glass of water. \"There you go buddy.\" Danny says as he hand Putzie the water. \"Thanks Danny, look man...I really appreciate for protecting me, but...just let me breathe.\" Putzie begged. Danny chuckles at him as he sat down next to Putzie. \"Look buddy, it's my job to protect ya.\" Danny told him. \"I know,\" Putzie said. \"Thanks...brother.\" \"Anytime brother.\" Danny replied. Then Putzie smiled. \"Danny, do you remember when we were 5 years old, and I broke my arms?\" Putzie asked him. \"Yeah, I carried you inside the house and stayed by your side at the hospital.\" Danny told him smiled. \"Yeah,\" Putzie smiled. \"And you cry like a girl.\" \"I did not, you were.\" Danny said as they both laughed. \"Thanks for being there for me.\" Putzie says. \"No problem Babyface.\" Danny said as he puts his arm around him. \"I love you big brother.\" Putzie says as he laid his head on Danny's shoulder. \"Love you too little brother.\" Danny said as he held Putzie in his arm. They may be greasers, but Danny would ANYTHING to protect his youngest best friend Putzie. He has been raising him since the boys were 4 years old, Putzie was the smallest one of the group. Not much with this chapter though.[Chapter 7] Bully - Putzie is being bullied, so the guys teaches his bullies a lesson for hurting their best friend. Warning: Blood and violence Putzie Jacobs was walking home from school, just then he was yanked by the hair and couple of greasers started beating Putzie up. \"S-st-stop!\" Putzie begged through his tears. He tried fighting back, but they were too strong for him. \"Awww, is the little wimpy greaser crying?\";one of the greaser mocked, and then kicked him in the leg. \"Please stop!\" Putzie screamed. \"Hold him down!\" The same greaser yelled. Then two other greasers held his wrists and ankles down, making Putzie squirmed all over trying to release himself. \"C'mon, just stop will ya!\" Putzie begged. His face was streaming with tears. \"I don't think so.\" The greaser said smirking and literally kicked Putzie in the where a guy don't wanna be kicked. \"GAHHHHHHHHH!\" Putzie screamed. \"YOU CREEPS!\" Then other greaser who wasn't holding him down, ripped his shirt off and cut his upper body with his jackknife \"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!\" Putzie screamed un top of his lungs. \"I'mma kill creeps!\" Putzie threatens them. \"Not unless we kill you first!\" The greaser said grabbing the hold of his hair. \"Cut him again!\" The same greaser who cut him, had the jackknife close to under his chine. \"Why are you doing this? What did I ever do to you creeps huh?\" Putzie asked. \"Because we like torturing you.\" The first greaser replied. Then the third greaser slowly jabbed the jackknife at his below chine. \"GAAAAAHHHHHH!\" Putzie screamed. \"HEY!\" They all looked over to see the oldest members of the T-Birds standing there with the angriest looks on their faces. \"Step. Away. From. The. Boy.\" Danny Zuko growled. Then all five of the greasers got off of Putzie, letting Putzie rolled off to his side clinging onto his scratches in pain. \"And what if we don't?\" The first greaser asked. \"Or we'll make sure you stuffer like hell.\" Kenickie threatens him. \"We're not scared of you freaks.\" The second greaser said as the laughed. \"You should be!\" Sonny snapped. \"Lucas,\" The first greaser say. \"Yeah Derrek?\" Lucas asked. \"Stab him.\" Derrek ordered. Then Lucas stabbed Putzie's side. \"Ahhhhhh!\" Putzie screamed in pain. The T-Birds felt their heart break for their broken best friend. \"That's it! You are gonna have slow painful death!\" Danny yelled. Then the three eldest of the T-Birds chased the greasers while Doody ran to Putzie's side. \"Hey kid, I got you.\" Doody said. Then Doody saw how bloody Putzie looked. \"My god.\" Doody whispers. \"They are so dead.\" \"Doody, help me.\" Putzie cried as he held his wound. \"Shhh, it's gonna be ok.\" Doody comforted him. Then the guys came back, running to Putzie's side. Danny examined Putzie's wounds. \"I swear to God those bastards better riot in hell.\" Danny says angrily. \"It's hard to breath.\" Putzie said. \"Zuko, we gotta take him to the hospital.\" Sonny said freaking out. \"Hang In there Putz, lets go fellas.\" Danny said as Kenickie scooped Putzie up in his arms as they hurried to Greased Lightning. After awhile Putzie was lying in his hospital bed with stitches and bandage on his wounds. The T-Birds was waiting out of his room while his parents were in there with him. Danny was pacing back and forth. \"I really should've killed them.\" Danny mutters. Kenickie, Sonny and Doody looked up at Danny. \"I REALLY should've killed them!\" Danny mutters a little louder, pounding his fist against his hand. Just then Mr. and Mrs. Jacobs walked out of the room. \"He wants you boys to be in there.\" Mrs. Jacobs told the boys. The guys stood up. \"I'm sorry.\" Danny apologized. \"For what?\" Mr. Jacobs asked. \"For not saving Putzie fast enough.\" Danny admits. \"I should've protected him.\" \"Oh Danny, honey we're not mad at you or the boys.\" Mrs. Jacobs told him. \"Yeah, as long Putzie is safe and healthy, it's alright. We're actually very blessed that you boys are always there to look out for Putzie.\" Mr. Jacobs said. The guys smiled and the couple walked away, and the guys went in Putzie's room. \"Hey fellas.\" Putzie smiled. \"Hey kid.\" Kenickie smiled back. \"How ya doing brother?\" Danny asked him. \"I'm ok, but still in pain.\" Putzie admits. \"We Should've protected you.\" Danny says. \"I'm so sorry.\" \"Danny, it's not your fault.\" Putzie told him. \"But they stabbed you, cut you, beaten you.\" Danny said. \"But you guys got there just in tome though.\" Putzie told him. \"He's right Zuko, we gotta remember not to beat ourselves up.\" Kenickie told him. Danny looks down. \"Danny, I'm ok now.\" Putzie said. \"Thanks to you fellas.\" \"But for now on, your riding to school and home with me.\" Kenickie told him. \"Kay.\" Putzie replied. \"That's my boy.\" Kenickie smiled, ruffling his hair. \"I need some air.\" Danny said leaving room and walked down the hall to window, letting out a big sigh while a tear ran down his face. He didn't want the guys seeing him cry. He wished that he would've saved Putzie in time, he lost his older brother Dylan due to rumbling. Putzie was like his baby brother. He thought what he would've done if he lost Putzie, he even promised himself and everyone that he would keep Putzie safe and protected. But he feels like he failed everyone, including Putzie. Even everyone tells him it's not his fault, but always blames himself. Just then he punches the glass on the wall that was next to him, leaving his hand bleed, he didn't care if he was bleeding. He was mad at those greasers almost killing his best friend.[Chapter 8] Abuse - Danny finds out that Putzie is being abused by his father at home. So he saves him just in time. Putzie Jacobs was sitting in his room on his bed hugging his legs to his chest and crying because his dad was yelling at his mom and beating her. His father would beat him too, his best friends or Jan don't even know anything about the abuse. Just then he jumped when he heard a knock on his window and he saw Danny at his window. So he got up and walks over to his window and opens it. \"Danny, I'm so glad your here.\" Putzie said sniffing. \"Putzie, your eye.\" Danny said crawling in his bedroom and grabbing Putzie's face taking a good look at Putzie's black eye. \"Did ya father do this to you?\" Putzie cried again and Danny pulls him for a hug. \"My father.\" Putzie choked. Danny felt his anger boiled up inside of him. \"I'm gonna kill him.\" Danny mutters. Just then Putzie flinched when they were heard Putzie's mom screamed and Putzie started to cry and Danny hugs him tight. \"Where are you boy!\" Putzie's father screamed. \"Go to my house now.\" Danny orders him. \"Now.\" \"But Danny...\" Putzie started. \"It's gonna be ok Putzie, I'll protect ya know matter what.\" Then Putzie quickly climbs over the window and went down running to Danny's house hoping Danny will be ok. A little while Putzie was in Danny's room cruled up in a ball shaking in fear until he heard the door opens and he turns to see Danny. \"Hey buddy, I got something to tell you.\" Danny sat down as Putzie sat up. \"How's my mother? Is she ok?\" Putzie asked him. Danny looks down and let out a painful sigh and back up at his youngest friend. \"Putzie...you're mom...she's um...she's dead.\" Danny told him. \"My mommy!\" Putzie shouted. Danny puts his arm around him. \"I'm real sorry Putzie, when I found ya mother in the guest room...I saw her lying on the floor and she wasn't breathing.\" Danny said. \"I wish i could've done something pal, I really wish I saved her in time...but I called 911 and the cop took ya father in jail.\" \"I'm going to be alone.\" Putzie said as he cried. \"No you're not, I told my folks and they're gonna adopt you.\" Danny said. \"Really?\" Putzie asked. \"Yes.\" Danny said nodding his head. \"Thank you Danny.\" Putzie said wiping his tears. \"Hey, I just want ya to know that um...\" Danny started. \"That I'll protect you know matter what, it's my job to protect ya.\" Putzie started to cry as they stood up. \"Come here.\" Danny said pulling him for a tight hug and Putzie hugged him back as he cried hard. \"It's ok buddy.\" He rubs his back. \"Please don't leave me.\" Putzie cried. \"I won't ever do that to ya pal.\" Danny said. Danny felt super bad for his best friend. He is so glad that he saved Putzie from his father, but he felt so bad for not saving his mom in time.[Chapter 9] Stomachache - Putzie has a bad stomachache, so Kenickie offers to take him home and take care of him. The T-Birds were hanging out on the bleacher of the football field at Rydell High, the boys were making fun of the football players but Putzie wasn't paying attention because he had a stomachache, Kenickie noticed Putzie was stiffed and was clutching onto his stomach. \"Babyface, you ok?\" Kenickie asked as he and Danny sat next to him and Danny puts his hand on Putzie's back. \"Yeah.\" Putzie lied. \"No you're not Putz.\" Doody said. \"Guys, please.\" Putzie begged. \"You have stomachache, so I don't think it's nothing.\" Danny told him. \"Ok, I'm gonna take ya home.\" Kenickie said standing up. \"I'll be fine.\" Putzie tells him. \"Putzie, go home, get some rest.\" Danny ordered him. \"Fine.\" Putzie said letting out a sigh. So Kenickie helped Putzie to Greased Lightning, and drove off. Once they arrived at Putzie's house, the boys got out as Mrs. Jacobs came outside with a dishrag in her hands, looking worried for her son. \"Oh, you boys are home early. Are you ok baby?\" Mrs. Jacobs asked her son. \"Yes.\" Putzie lied. \"No.\" Kenickie quickly says. Putzie lets out a sigh. \"My tummy hurts mom.\" Putzie winced. Kenickie looks over at Putzie. \"Awww, go inside and get in bed.\" She told him. \"And I'll give you something that my mother always gave me when I was sick.\" Then she went inside. \"Tummy?\" Kenickie asked. \"Shut up.\" Putzie quickly says. \"Surprised you didn't say mommy.\" Kenickie smirked. \"Whatever.\" Putzie said rolling his eyes going inside, Kenickie followed him. Kenickie offers to stay with Putzie, and Mrs. Jacobs let him stay if Kenickie called the school office.[Chapter 10] Sorry – Danny was having a bad day, but he didn't mean to snap at his youngest best friend, who was like a baby brother to him. Danny Zuko was laying his head down on top of his arm, listening to the throbbing pain in his headache. He was having a bad day, he has a cold, he was tired and grumpy, and he was upset because he lost the love of his life, Sandy Olson. \"Hey Zuko, you.\" He heard his youngest best friend and youngest member of the T-Birds, Putzie asked him. \"I'm fine.\" He grumbles. He hated being grumpy towards one of his best friends, the T-Birds always have been best friends since diapers days. Danny always look out for his buddies and of course the guys all looks up to him as a leader, role model, hero and big brother. Just then the school bell rang and of course Dann rushed out of the classroom and ran to his locker, feeling angry. Just then he felt a tap on his shoulder. \"Hey Zuko, are you sure your ok?\" Putzie asked him. \"Yes Putz.\" Danny replied. He didn't wanna snapped at him, but he didn't wanna deal with anybody at the moment. \"Danny—-\" Putzie started. Just then Danny spinned around. \"I SAID I'M FINE PUTZIE! NOW JUST LEAVE ME ALONE AND GET LOST FOREVER YOU DUMMY!\" Danny snapped at him. Putzie backed up a little with a shocked and dumbfounded look on his face, Danny realized what he had done. \"Putzie, I—\" Danny started, but Putzie just walked away. Then Kenickie grabbed Danny by the leather jacket and pushed him against the lockers. \"What the hell is wrong with you Zuko?\" Kenickie asked. \"God Kenickie, leave me alone!\" Danny said. \"No! You yelled at Putzie and now he is upset because of you!\" Kenickie snapped. \"Our number one rule is never let Putzie get yelled at or harassed!\" Danny lets out a sigh. \"And you of all people just did.\" Sonny added. Danny felt super guilty, he wish he never snapped at Putzie, his baby brother that he never had. \"Kenickie, let go of me.\" Danny ordered him. \"No, I rather punch you in the face!\" Kenickie yelled. \"Fine, but let me talk to Putzie.\" Danny told him. \"Good.\" Kenickie lets go of him. Then Danny punches Kenickie in the face. \"Ow!\" Kenickie yelled. \"Danny.\" Doody says. \"How could you possibly think I would actually hurt my Putzie?\" Danny asked. Then Danny walked off to find Putzie. \"You're gonna be sorry Zuko, lets go guys,\" Kenickie yelled as the three T-Birds left. Danny found Putzie sitting at the bench, playing with his yo-yo, he chuckles at him and walked over to him sitting down next t him. \"Hey buddy.\" Danny spoke up. But Putzie didn't respond, he just looks at the ground. \"Look buddy,\" Danny started. \"I'm really, really sorry for snapping at ya...I was just...having a bad day and...I knew I shouldn't taken my anger out on you.\" \"You yelled at me.\" Putzie finally spoke. \"I know and I feel bad.\" Danny says. \"You never did that.\" Putzie added looking at him. Danny felt his heart break when he saw sadness in his eyes. \"Oh Putz, I know...I feel guilty.\" Danny said. \"Is there anyway I can get you to forgive me? \"Well you can let me drive your car around town.\" Putzie grinned. Danny chuckles at him. \"You got it buddy.\" Danny said patting his back. \"Come on, let's go look for the guys.\" \"Kay.\" Putzie replied. Both boys stood up. \"Hey Danny,\" Putzie started. Danny turned around. \"Yeah Putz?\" Danny asked. \"Thanks.\" Putzie smiled. \"For being a big brother to me.\" \"Anytime little bro.\" Danny smiled back as he draped his arm around him. The boys went back in the school to look for their friends.[Chapter 11] Car Ride – It was one lazy day, so Kenickie lets Putzie ride Greased Lightnin for once. It was a nice sunny day in Venice California, at Rydell High School the youngest of the T-Birds, Putzie was getting his stuffs out of his locker to go home. \"Hey Babyface!\" Putzie looks over to his best friend and member of the T-Birds, Kenickie running over to him. \"Hey Kenicks, what's up?\" Putzie asked. \"What are you doing after school?\" Kenickie asked. \"Going home.\" Putzie replied. \"Change your plan, because I-your best friend in the whole world is letting you drive Greased Lightning.\" Kenickie told him. Putzie looked at him surprise pd. \"Y-your-your letting me drive Greased Lightning?\" Putzie asked, as his eyes lit up like a little kid on Christmas morning. \"You gotta it kid.\" Kenickie smiled. \"Yeah-hoo!\" Putzie cheered. Kenickie chuckles at him. \"Come on lets go.\" Putzie yelled running off making Kenickie laugh. \"Oh that kid is so special.\" Kenickie says to himself. A little while, Putzie was still driving Greased Lightning with Kenickie right beside him. \"This is the coolest thing ever!\" Putzie smiled as he laughed. \"Your enjoying this kiddo.\" Kenickie said, \"Can we go faster?\" Putzie asked. \"Wanna scared your folks and Phil, even Danny that I let your drive super fast\" Kenickie asked chuckling at his youngest best friend. \"No, but I wanna go faster!\" Putzie grinned. \"Ok, let's do it,\" Kenickie replied. \"Yeah, let's burn rubber!\" Putzie yelled as he drove faster. \"Ok kid, now try to take it easy,.\" Kenickie said, worrying that they may get hit. After awhile, Putzie was enjoying his milkshake while his elder friends were arguing about Kenickie letting Putzie drive super fast. \"He could've gotten hurt!\" Danny yelled. \"He was happy, I couldn't let him down.\" Kenickie tells him. \"Yeah but just think how Phil think about this?\" Doody asked. \"At least he's in one piece.\" Sonny said. \"Who side are ya on?\" Danny asked him. \"I'm on Kenickie's.\" Sonny announced. Doody rolls his eyes. \"At least he let me drive it.\" Putzie spoke up. \"I didn't want him to go fast, but he was giving me the puppy dog eyes.\" Kenickie admits. \"The puppy dog eyes?\" Doody asked. \"Do I have a say in this?\" Putzie asked. \"No!\" They all yelled. Putzie rolls his eyes and continued to drink his milkshake.[Chapter 12] Before Grease! The Doctor Appointment – Putzie has a doctor appointment and he is scared. So Danny offers to go with him to comfort him. 7 years old Putzie Jacobs was at the doctor with his mother and Danny offered to come with him. But Putzie was still terrified. \"It's ok Putzie, I won't let anything hurt you.\" Danny whispers to him. \"But I'm getting a shot.\" Putzie said looking up at him. \"I know, but I'm right to hold ya hand.\" Danny told him. \"Promise?\" Putzie asked. Danny smiled when he saw innocence in his eyes. \"I'm promise...brother.\" Danny smiled. \"Thanks Dannie.\" Putzie said hugging him as Danny hugged him back. Mrs. Jacobs smiled at the two young boys, she was so thankful that Danny and the boys look out and act like brother to Putzie. Epically if the family are so busy, Danny and the boys always take care of Putzie. She and Mr. Jacobs always feel so bad to be so busy to take care of their sons, Putzie and his older brother Phil. \"I wish Philly would be here too.\" Putzie said. \"I know he would wish to be here with you too.\" Danny said. Putzie rests his head on Danny's shoulder. Just then the doctor came with the shot, and Danny clings to Danny's side. \"Hey, it's ok buddy. I got you.\" Danny comforts him. \"Ready Roger?\" The doctor asked smiling. \"No.\" Putzie replied. Everyone chuckled at the innocent boy. \"Buddy, look at me.\" Danny said grabbing Putzie's chin. \"Don't look at the shot, look at me. Kay.\" Putzie looks up at his older best friend with innocence and sadness in his eyes. \"I'm not gonna let anything happen to ya.\" Danny said. \"There, all done.\" The doctor announced. \"What?\" Putzie asked confused. \"You did it kiddo.\" Danny smiled. \"I did?\" Putzie asked. \"Yes you did.\" Mrs. Jacobs smiled giving him a kiss on the cheek. \"I'm a big boy!\" Putzie smiled. \"Yes, but you're my big boy.\" Mrs. Jacobs smiled. Danny draped his arm around him. \"Thanks for protecting me Danny.\" Putzie said. \"Anytime kid.\" Danny says. On the way back home, Mrs. Jacobs looks in the review mirror to see Putzie cuddling up to Danny while he's protecting him.[Chapter 13] Diabetes – Putzie just found out that he has diabetes, so Danny comforts him. Putzie Jacobs was sitting in the hops bed, he, his family and the T-Birds just found that he has diabetes. So the doctor were talking to his parents about diabetes and the guys stayed in the room with Putzie was scared. \"Hey, look Babyface, everything's gonna be alright.\" Kenickie told him. Putzie just stared at his hands, not saying a word. \"Buddy?\" Doody asked. Danny lets out a sigh. \"Fellas.\" Danny said giving them the look, telling them to leave him and Putzie alone for a minute. \"We'll go down to the cafeteria to get some water for you.\" Sonny told Putzie. As the guys left the room, Danny turned to Putzie who still staring down at his hands. \"A-am I'm gonna...d-die?\" Putzie asked him. \"No your not.\" Danny told him. \"What if I do?\" Putzie asked, finally looking up at Danny with tears in his eyes. Danny walks over to him and sat in front of him. \"Putzie, I'm promise you are not gonna die.\" Danny told him. \"I know the T-Birds ain't suppose to get scared, but...\" Putzie started. \"Roger, listen to me,\" Danny started. Danny is only person in the T-Birds that gets to called the boys by their first names. \"I will never let anything happen to ya, I promise.\" Danny promised. \"And you are not gonna die.\" Putzie just lets out a sigh. \"You got ya family, Jan, the girls and of you definitely got us, the guys.\" Danny said smiling. Putzie smiled back at him. \"Thanks Danny.\" Putzie says. \"Ehh, Anytime kid.\" Danny said. Danny thought of losing his best friend who is like a baby brother and he tries to keep his game face on not t look sad or scared for Putzie's sake.[Chapter 14] Before Grease! Lullaby – 10 years old Putzie calls Danny to come to his house to sing him a lullaby that his mother sings to him every night. 10 years old Danny Zuko was sound asleep, until he heard a phone ranging out in the hall, so he drags himself out of bed and out in the hall. \"Hello?\" He asked. He heard a small voice from the other side of the line. \"Dannie?\" It was his youngest best friend Roger, but he and the boys call him Putzie. \"Putzie? Why are you up this late?l Danny asked him. \"I can't sleep.\" Putzie told him. Danny chuckles at him. \"Where's ya dad?\" He asked. \"He works night shift for a couple of weeks now.\" Putzie replied. \"And I need someone to sing me a lullaby, just like my mommy did before.\" Putzie was very innocent and sensitive for his yong age. \"Ok, I'll be there. Wait, then who's at the house with you?\" Danny asked worrying. \"My babysitter is here, but she's passed out on the couch. Danny rubs his eyes at how his babysitter acts and always seemed to do drugs and that crap while babysitting a small child. \"Ok, I'll be there, now listen to me, I want to go downstairs and when you see me coming, unlock the door.\" Danny ordered him. \"Ok Danny.\" Putzie smiled. Then Danny said goodbye and hung up. He wrote a note to his parents saying where he was, so he puts on his slippers and robe on, ran over to Putzie's house. It wasn't far from his house. When he got there, he saw Putzie open the door for him and he went inside. \"You made it.\" Putzie whispers. Danny smiled at the innocence in his eyes. \"Yep, come on, let's go upstairs.\" Danny sa d as Putzie ran upstairs. Danny looks over at the babysitter still passed out on the couch with on hand holding a cigarette and the other hand, a bottle of wine. Danny glances at her disgusted. \"Idiot.\" Danny mutters. Then Danny ran upstairs to Putzie's room, to see him reading his book, making him chuckles. \"Uh young man, I'm here to sing you a lullaby, not to read.\" Danny said. \"Ok fine.\" Putzie grumbles as he put his book by his nightstand. Danny chuckles and climb in bed, putting his arms around the smaller boy, hugging him tight. \"But sing in your version.\" Putzie smiled. \"Ok I'll do that kid.\" Danny said. Putzie lays his body on Danny's arm. \"Hush little Roger, don't you cry.\" Danny sung. \"Danny's gonna protect always. If someone hurting you, Danny gonna make sure they pay big time.\" Putzie giggles a little. \"Cause everyone knows that nobody messes with Roger's big brothers.\" Danny sung again. Danny could hear him snoring. \"Works everytime.\" Danny smiled. He glanced over at the phone in the hall. So he gently and carefully lay Putzie down on his bed who was sounding asleep. Danny walks out of the hall and called Putzie's dad. \"Hello?\" Mr. Jacobs asked. \"Mr, Jacobs?\" Danny asked. \"It's Danny. I'm at your house.\" \"Oh hello Danny, is everything ok? Where's my boy? Is he alright?\" Mr. Jacobs asked. \"Everything's fine, Putzie wanted me to sing him to sleep.\" Danny told him. \"Aw my poor little man.\" Mr. Jacobs said. \"Where's the babysitter?\" \"Oh passed out on the couch...drunk and possibly stoned.\" Danny told him. Danny heard annoyed sigh from the man. \"I told her if she's gonna go near my son and do drugs around him, she's outta here and beside Phil is at his friend's house for a sleepover.\" Mr. Jacobs said. \"Does your parents know you're here?\" \"Yes I wrote them a note.\" Danny told him. \"Good boy, now I'll let you go. I gotta finish and come home to see my baby boy and fired that idiot that's supposed to be a babysitter.\" Mr. Jacobs said. Danny chuckles. \"Yeah.\" He said. They said goodbyes, and Danny went back in Putzie's room, shutting the door quietly. Then he carefully climb in the bed, pulling Putzie close to him as Putzie snuggled up against him. \"Goodnight brother, I love you.\" Danny said kissing his head. Danny, Putzie, Kenickie, Sonny and Doody were all like brothers rather than best friends. Putzie was basically their baby brother, would do ANYTHING to protect him, along with Putzie's protective older brother Phil.[Chapter 15] Before Grease! Park – 7 years old Danny Zuko was in charge of watching his younger best friend who was small and thin for his age, Putzie Jacobs. The boys were playing in the park, while their mothers were sitting on the bench talking. Danny Zuko, the oldest one of his friends was in charge watching his youngest best friends Putzie Jacobs who was really innocent for his age. \"Dannie, I wanna go on the slide!\" Putzie shouted as he stood up from the sandbox. \"You boys wanna come?\" Danny asked the boys. \"I do!\" Doody yelled raising his hand up. Danny chuckles at him as he ran after Putzie and Doody. When the arrived to the slide, Putzie and Doody went to slide down the slide. Danny chuckles at the boys running. \"You boys having fun?\" Danny asked smiling. \"Yeah!\" They both cheered as they went down to slide. \"Kids.\" Danny laughed. Then he saw only Doody coming towards him. \"Dood, where's Putzie?\" Danny asked. \"He was behind me a minute ago.\" Doody said. \"Oh no, come on.\" Danny said grabbing Doody's hand and running to the boys. \"What's wrong?\" Kenickie asked. \"Where's Putzie? Is my Babyface ok?\" \"We can't find him.\" Danny blurted. \"He's lost?\" Sonny asked as they both stood up. \"Not technically.\" Doody says. \"Let's go fellas.\" Danny said. The boys wondered off to look for their youngest best friend. It took a while to find him, Danny and the boys were starting to get scared and worried. \"What if he?\" Sonny started. \"Don't you say that!\" Danny snapped. Sonny looks away sad. \"I'm sorry Sonny-Boy.\" Danny apologized. \"It's ok Danny.\" Sonny smiled. Danny ruffles his hair and they started to look more. They stop at their track when he Putzie talking to an older man. \"Putzie!\" Danny yelled as they ran over to them. Kenickie and Sonny knocked the man, trying to hold him down when they saw cops coming, according to the cops the man was known for kidnapping children. \"Roger, your ok!\" Danny said hugging Putzie in his arms while their mothers came running towards them. \"Oh Roger!\" Mrs. Jacobs cried hugging her son in her arms. \"You boys ok?\" One of the cop asked them. \"Yes officer.\" Danny replied. \"Roger, you should know not ever go up to a stranger.\" Mrs. Jacobs scolds but was crying because the boys just saved his life. \"Daniel, I'm so proud of you.\" Mrs. Zuko said hugging her son. \"Thanks mom.\" Danny said. \"I had this awful feeling inside when I saw him talking to that man.\" \"You boys are heroes.\" Mrs. Del Fugel, Doody's mom said cuddling her son in her arms. \"Mommy, can we go home and see daddy and Philly?\" Putzie asked. \"Sure baby boy, let's go.\" Mrs. Jacobs said as the boys left with their mother. Danny stopped and turned around, thinking about what would've happened if he and boys didn't save Putzie in time, just then he felt his mom grab his hand. \"Come on, Putzie wants you boys to come over.\" Mrs. Zuko said. \"Kay.\" Danny said. All day long, Danny has been worrying Putzie and not wanting him to leave his sight. Of course he and Putzie's 14 years old big brother Phil were talking about what happen.[Chapter 16] The Dentist – Putzie is afraid of the dentist, epically now since he's gonna get braces. So the guys offers to go with him, to comfort him. Putzie Jacobs is only 14 years old, he was the youngest member of the new gang that he and his best friends Danny Zuko(the leader), Kenickie Murdoch, Sonny LaTierri and Doody Del Fuego came up for their bad boys group, but Putzie and the guys wanted Putzie and Doody to stay innocent and pure, besides Putzie's family are Christians. Anyway, Putzie was told that he was gonna have to get braces, but he is really nervous about it, and he's scared of the dentist, not even the guys or epically Danny knows about his fears. So he was getting ready to go to dentist, he's been avoiding the guys he was embarrassed because he was scared of the dentist. Just then he walks out of his room to see the guys standing there. \"Oh uh hey guys.\" Putzie smiled, trying not to show his fear. \"What's up?\" \"You tell us.\" Kenickie spoke up. \"What is really going on with ya? Why are you avoiding us?\" Danny asked. \"Nothing.\" Putzie lied. \"That's a lie.\" Doody said. Then Putzie let's out a sigh. \"Fine, the truth is...in afraid of the dentist and is really embarrassing, epically we're greasers.\" Putzie admits. \"Is that what all about?\" Sonny asked. Putzie nods his head. \"So you're afraid of the dentist, who cares.\" Doody tells him. \"Yeah, we know you still sleep with your blue baby blanket.\" Kenickie told him. \"Really? So...it's not...embarrassing?\" Putzie asks. \"Of course not buddy.\" Danny said, draping his arm around his youngest best friend. \"All we care if your ok and we don't want to to feel scared.\" Putzie looks up at Danny. \"Thanks fellas.\" Putzie smiled. \"If it makes you feel better, we can come with you Babyface.\" Kenickie suggested. \"Really? You would come?\" Putzie asked him. \"Of course we will.\" Sonny smiled. \"That's what brothers are for.\" Doody added. \"Thanks guys, you guys are the greatest.\" Putzie said putting his arm around Danny. At the dentist the T-Birds and Mrs. Jacobs were sitting in the waiting room, Danny was rubbing Putzie's back to comfort him, and just then a dentist came out. \"Putzie Jacobs?\" She asked. \"Oh God.\" Putzie said feeling nervous. \"Shhh, it's gonna be ok buddy, you want me to be in there with your or your mom.\" Danny asks him. \"No, it's ok. I can do it.\" Putzie said standing up. \"I love you mother.\" Mrs. Jacobs chuckles and kissed her son's head. \"You're gonna do great baby boy.\" She said gently soothed his hair. \"Ok Putzie, you can do this.\" Putzie pepped talked himself. So he walks inside with the nurse.[Chapter 17] The Scary Movie – The T-Birds watches a scary movie, but Putzie gets by it. The T-Birds were were at Danny's house watching a scary movie, but Putzie hates scary movies. But he'll tough it out. \"You sure this movie isn't too scary for you Put?\" Danny asked his youngest best friend. \"Of course not, I'm cool.\" Putzie lied. \"That's my boy.\" Kenickie said. \"But if it gets too scary, you make sure you tell us.\" Danny told him. Danny was always protective of Putzie, he always make sure Putzie was ok. \"It's alright Zuko, I'm good.\" Putzie said. Danny smiled warmly at him. So a little while, the guys except Putzie were asleep. Putzie was holding onto his blue baby blanket as the scary part was about to come up. \"It's ok Putzie. Your safe.\" Putzie whispers to himself. \"It's just a movie.\" Just a scary scene came up making Putzie stand up screaming like little girl waking up the guys. \"Putzie you ok?!\" Danny asked. \"Hold me!\" Putzie yelled as he jumped into Kenickie's arms, burying his head in his chest shaking like a leaf. \"I guess the scary movie night was a bad idea.\" Sonny commented. \"Putzie, why didn't you tell us you were scared?\" Danny asked as Kenickie gently put Putzie down. \"Well I didn't wanna look like a wimp.\" Putzie answers. \"Putzie, we don't want you to be scared. You should've just told us from the beginning that you'd get scared of the movie.\" Doody said. \"Yeah, sorry guys.\" Putzie apologies. \"It's ok brother.\" Danny said draping his arm around him. \"Just one more thing,\" Putzie added. \"You can stay with me in room tonight.\" Danny smiled knowing that Putzie needed him. \"Oh thanked God.\" Putzie sighed in relief. The guys chuckled at him.[Chapter 18] A Cute Sleepy Birdy – Putzie falls asleep on the bleachers and the guys tries to wake him. So Danny offers to drive him home. The T-Birds were sitting on the bleachers of Rydell high football field, Putzie was asleep, he had a long night, the night before, babysitting his baby sister Pammy was not feeling well. But he would do anything fun r his family and friends. Anyway when the 4 eldest members of the T-Birds noticed their youngest best friend was asleep. \"Poor guy, didn't sleep well.\" Danny stated. \"Hey, he would do anything for his love ones.\" Kenickie smiled. \"True.\" Doody said as they walked over to Putzie, who was lying on his on the bleacher. Danny sat next to his head, gently shook his arm. \"Putzie, hey wake up buddy.\" Danny gently says. \"Mm,\" Putzie mutters. The guys chuckled at him. \"Jan's here.\" Sonny lied, trying to get Putzie to wake up. \"Jan I love you!\" Putzie blurted our, sitting up. Then the guys laughed. \"Hey, you guys are mean.\" Putzie winced. \"Oh we're sorry brother.\" Danny apologized. \"Did you get any sleep last night?\" \"No,\" Putzie replied, rubbing his eyes. \"Been up most of the night comforting Pammy.\" Putzie was very protective of his sister, epically when his parents are out of town. \"I called my mom before I left for school when my grandma got to the house this morning.\" Putzie explained. \"She and dad are gonna be home on Saturday and my Grandma that she'll take care of Pammy and let me take a rest.\" Doody pats his back. \"You're a good guy Putz, but you need a break.\" Danny told him. \"Pammy will be just fine.\" He added. \"I know.\" Putzie agreeing with the older T-Bird. \"I'm still so tired, hold me.\" Then Putzie fell asleep in Danny's arms, who chuckled at him. \"I'll drive him home.\" Danny offers. \"Apparently our Babyface can hardly keeps his eyes open anymore.\" The guys laughed as Danny helped a tried Putzie up and helped him walked to Danny's car. \"Well boys, I think you should learn a lot from Putzie.\" Kenickie said with a smirk on his smile. \"What does that suppose to mean?\" Sonny asked. Kenickie and Sonny laughed. \"Well I have a younger brother at home, so I'm good.\" Doody said. Kenickie chuckles at him and ruffles his hair. \"Love ya Howdy Doody.\" Kenickie smiled. So the three members of the T-Birds continued to watch and make fun of the football players practices. ","Summary":" Ok so a little side-note, I know there are some of the story I've written before but some I may hav"},{"Movie":"King Kong","Title":"King Kong: The Eighth Wonder of the World","Author":"Imaginative-Believer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12400060","Passage":"[Chapter 1] What if not every island on Earth was geographically located? What if there is one island that is exotic but deadly? What if it was worth a fortune, but led to ruin? What if it was a place that most people would never go… for good reason? Desolate in the center of the Indian Ocean, way west of Sumatra, surrounded by jagged rocks and covered in thick fog… is the mysterious Skull Island. A place where myth and science meet. Not too far from shore is the natives, who have a massive wall built. A wall at least 200 feet high, built so long ago that no one knew who made it. Strong today as it was ages ago. Why did they build the wall, you may ask? Beyond the wall is a deep dark jungle. Many dangers lurking in that jungle. The philosophy of Skull Island beasts is seemingly \"eat or be eaten.\" Only the strong survive. The strongest of them all is a lone creature feared by the natives. He is said to be 50 feet tall, neither beast nor man, but monstrous in nature. Not even the largest predators can kill him. The natives periodically sacrifice members of their own kin to appease him. The smallest critters run and hide at the very sight of him. His head is mountainous. His eyes are like flaming fire. His nose is flat with nostrils of perpetual flare. His ears are big enough to hear the cries of the natives from afar. His yellowish fangs shame that of a vampire's. His body has the muscles of a god. His fingernails are like giant daggers that tear through the strongest hide. His skin is an eerie brownish gray with a dark brown fur coat. He bears the blood red scars of an isolated, violent past. He is presumed to be the last of his kind. To declare him \"king of the jungle\" would be an understatement. He is a lethal force of nature and the de facto ruler of Skull Island. They call him… KING KONG.[Chapter 2] On the shore of Skull Island stood a man of dark skin. Faraji was his name. Around 6'5 feet tall, packed with muscle, black dreadlocks running down his broad back, and a short chin beard to signify his masculinity, any foreigner would think he was the mightiest hunter of his tribe. As strong as he was on the outside, he was emotionally weakened on the inside. There was something weighing on his huge heart. Something about the dangers of Skull Island. The ways of his people. His bare feet were planted on the shallow sand as he stood under a cloudy sky with a lament ready to be released from his tongue. \"Why?\" Faraji asked himself. \"Why does Kong require our blood? Why do members of our kin have to be offered to him? Why can't we be content and live peacefully behind the wall that separates us from that monstrous ape?\" Mournful memories haunted this man's mind after witnessing the most beautiful village girl be sacrificed to Kong. Husna was her name. Her smooth dark skin was as touchable clay. Her long black hair was like a waterfall flowing down her back. Her seductive brown eyes would have allured any man to kiss her luscious pink lips. Her slender, curvaceous figure was more arousing than that of six concubines. To the shock of many, Faraji's father, the chief, decided that she would satisfy the ravenous desires of Kong. But it was not Husna that Faraji grieved over. For her sacrifice, had only reminded him of a foreign family that he once knew. \"O Worthingtons, you all were the last to be sacrificed before Husna,\" Faraji bemoaned as he smote a hand upon his breast. \"Why would my father do this to a family? A Father? A Mother? A Daughter and two Sons? This is beyond my comprehension.\" The Worthington family, of British descent, had gotten shipwrecked on Skull Island five years prior. Faraji, along with the other Skull Island natives, would not have taken kindly to their presence on the island. It was their kindness that taught him to see past the biases of his people. Shortly after the Worthingtons' inadvertent arrival to Skull Island, Faraji had gotten himself tangled in vines while trying to catch the Giant Gliding Lizard for supper. With the use of a machete, Mr. Worthington freed Faraji. With her motherly nurturing nature, Mrs. Worthington tended to his bruises from the compression of the vines. The children, Victoria 9 at the time, Timothy 7, and Frederick 5, had their innocent curiosities of the native, but were unable to speak with him at first because they lacked the fluency of his language. Faraji helped the Worthingtons build their own cabin in a quiet area, away from the village where he thought they would be safe from the wrath of his kin members and the more ferocious Skull Island beasts. In turn, the mother and father taught him English. For five years, Faraji secretly bonded with the family and provided them whatever they needed. Back and forth from his own village he went, fulfilling his necessary duties as the chief's son during the day and bonding with the Worthingtons at night. He hunted with Mr. Worthington, cooked with Mrs. Worthington, and told Skull Island stories to the children. For five peaceful years, Faraji thought he could keep the Worthingtons safe… until his fellow villagers discovered them. Their cabin was destroyed, and each one of them was forcefully captured. Faraji tried to stop it, but was knocked out cold. With a demand from the Skull Island chief to either leave the island or be sacrificed to Kong, and Faraji being forced to act as a mediator, the Worthingtons sadly admitted there was nowhere else for them to go. Within the course of five days, youngest to oldest, each family member was sacrificed to Kong and killed by the monster. Poor Faraji could do nothing about it, for he was locked inside a hut to be kept from interfering. He did not even get to say goodbye to them. He could not even bear the thought of seeing any of the Worthingtons come face to face with the titanic king of Skull Island. 144 hours he spent in the cabin, weeping and gnashing his teeth as if he were in the pits of Hell. His pain was unbearable. He could not even fathom the terror that the Worthingtons must have felt, being sacrificed to a brutish behemoth like Kong. A tear slid down Faraji's cheek, and he shakily murmured, \"O Skull Island, your people are corrupt. Your men and beasts have shed innocent blood. Skeletons of the unjustly killed decay. Who would come to a place like this?\"[Chapter 3] As Faraji asked, who would travel to such a horrid place like Skull Island? Someone who is desperate to make a fortune. Someone who shoots films in exotic places. Carl Denham is his name. The map of Skull Island had gotten into his chubby hands in early 1933, and thus examined under his glassed eyes, through the skipper of a Norwegian barque. With rumors of prehistoric life and a gigantic ape named Kong roaming on Skull Island, Mr. Denham was determined to shoot the perfect film that nobody would ever forget. There was just one problem. Something that Carl's film company had requested for greater ratings. A leading lady. Thus, Carl and his assistant, Halden Hopper, wandered the New York City streets on a late evening in search a woman who would fill that role. Just two men in dark brown trench coats and dark gray Portis hats on a wild goose chase for an actress. Carl Denham, being the shorter and stockier one, had the temper to go with it in his frustration of not being able to find the right gal for his film. Halden Hopper, being the tall and lanky one, seemed to have patience to the high heavens as he desperately tried to encourage his director. \"Screw it, Halden!\" Carl snapped in frustration. \"We've spent three hours searching for an actress and no luck! Who gives a crack about leading ladies anyway?\" \"Calm down, Carl, the ship leaves tomorrow night, we still have PLENTY of time,\" Halden assured Carl. \"With the great depression going on, we have PLENTY of actresses out of work in this city. In fact, I showed you lots of them walking around.\" \"Yeah, and all of them suck,\" Carl bemoaned. \"What about Sylvia Cartwright?\" Halden asked. \"She's been in theatre adaptations of Dracula and Frankenstein, she'd be PERFECT for Skull Island.\" \"She's a total diva,\" Carl replied. \"Okay, how about Marie Baker?\" Halden proposed. \"She was in a Great Gatsby play.\" \"She's WAY too bland,\" Carl complained. \"Donna Wells perhaps?\" Halden questioned. \"Don't even get me started on her!\" Carl rebuffed. Halden sighed in frustration, feeling like his director could never be satisfied with any leading lady. Then something caught his eye. Some-ONE for that matter. Sitting on a bench on the opposite sidewalk from Carl and Halden was a woman of curly blonde hair, just below shoulder length, in a light brown trench coat. She appeared very sorrowful and down on her luck. Even from afar, Halden knew who it was. \"Great Scott, is that Ann Darrow?!\" Halden exclaimed. \"Halden, shush! We're in the streets of New York!\" Carl hissed. \"No, for real, that's Ann Darrow,\" Halden whispered. With his huge hand, Halden whipped a folded yellow paper out of his pocket. As he unfolded the paper, he revealed a professional illustration of a beautiful woman with the same curly blonde hair as the one he saw. Her face was angelic with fair pale skin, sky blue eyes like diamonds and red lips that shamed the rose. She wore a red dress that complemented her slender curves as she posed, one hand to her hip and the back wrist of her other hand to the forehead. Just above this lovely image, written in thick white letters, was \"Miss Ann Darrow.\" Beside the woman in the picture, written in black letters, was \"one of the hottest vaudeville performers, allures the audience with beauty and charm, dances with style and grace, tames the toughest tough guys, and so much more.\" Halden was swoon by the picture to the point where he forgot about his director. \"Give me that!\" Carl demanded, snatching the paper from Halden. Mr. Denham examined the paper, nodded, and said to Halden, \"Halden, why didn't you say anything about Miss Darrow?\" \"I wasn't sure what you'd think of her 'cause she's a vaudeville actress,\" Halden explained. \"Are you kidding? Ann Darrow is one of my favorites!\" Carl declared. He then asked his assistant, \"But are you sure that woman over there is her?\" \"Affirmative,\" Halden answered confidently. \"I know an actress when I see one Mr. Denham. Let's go over and meet her.\" \"Well, there are tons of blonde ladies running around in this city, but I suppose it wouldn't hurt to check and see if this one is indeed Miss Darrow,\" Carl said. \"Alright, let's go!\" Halden beamed, running into the street. \"Halden, wait for me!\" Carl called after his assistant. He hastily looked both ways and then began to follow Halden across the street. Halden clumsily made his way through the street as cars abruptly stopped to avoid hitting him. HONK! HONK! HONK! Many honked at the lanky man in frustration. Carl sighed under his breath, in embarrassment of his assistant's clumsy antics, as he raised hands in front of cars in the road while passing through. \"Miss Darrow!\" Halden shouted once he made it across. Ann Darrow lifted her head to see Halden as he tripped over the curb of the sidewalk and fell face down. \"WOAH! OOF!\" \"My goodness, are you okay, sir?!\" Ann gasped. \"Pardon the clumsiness of my assistant,\" Carl said irritably once he made it over to Ann and Halden's side of the road. As Ann stood up, Carl observed her blue eyes, red lips, pale skin, and shapely figure under her trench coat. He then glanced down at the paper he snatched from Halden, looked back up and recognized her for who she really was. She wasn't just any ordinary blonde girl in New York City. It was, indeed, the lovely Miss Ann Darrow. The one Halden had recognized. \"Well I'll be, you ARE Ann Darrow,\" Carl said with a smile. \"Oh, is that one of my posters you're holding?\" Ann asked, weirded out. \"Actually, that poster is mine,\" Halden interjected, standing up and brushing his garments. \"I was the one who recognized you from the other side of the road.\" \"Halden!\" Carl snapped, embarrassed. \"Halden Hopper, pleased to meet you Miss Darrow,\" Halden introduced himself. He extended a hand to Ann and they shook. \"And I'm\" – Carl began. \"Carl Denham,\" Ann interrupted. \"You're the one who shoots films in jungles, savannahs, and all sorts of exotic places.\" \"Yes indeed, such a pleasure to meet you, Miss Darrow,\" Carl said warmly as he shook a hand with Ann. \"Can I have my paper back, Mr. Denham?\" Halden asked. Without saying a word, Carl handed the Ann Darrow poster back to Halden. The eyes of the real Ann Darrow fell with sadness and she let out a sigh. Carl and Halden had seen her look sorrowful from the other side of the street, but they had yet to find out what bothered her. \"Is everything alright, ma'am?\" Halden asked with concern. \"I'm afraid not,\" Ann morosely replied. \"My vaudeville theatre was just recently shut down due to the Great Depression. I'm out of work now.\" \"Well Miss Darrow, you are a wonderful actress,\" Halden complimented her. \"Not to mention very beautiful as well.\" \"Aw, thank you Halden,\" Ann said softly, touching his cheek. \"And so, we were wondering, I was wondering, if you'd like to be the leading lady of my next film,\" Carl added. \"Next film?\" Ann questioned. Carl looked at Halden and said, \"Halden, why don't we take Ann out to dinner and discuss all the details with her.\" (Several Minutes Later at an Italian Restaurant) \"Here you are a-my friends, I hope-a you enjoy your meal,\" the waiter beamed as he left spaghetti and meatballs for Ann, lasagna for Halden, and Stromboli for Carl. The waiter was a merry fellow with a jolly stature, balding head, olive skin and a handle bar mustache. \"I really like that guy,\" Halden commented as the waiter walked away. \"Seems real nice.\" \"Yes, Italians are wonderful Halden, now let's get down to business,\" Carl replied. As Ann and Halden began eating, Carl told Ann, \"So Ann, I am shooting my next film in uh… uh… Indonesia.\" \"But Carl, you said\" – Halden began with his mouth full. \"Halden!\" Carl hissed. He then silenced his assistant with a frown and raised eyebrows. After swallowing her first mouthful of food, Ann asked, \"So what am I going to be doing in a film in Indonesia?\" While Ann was speaking, Carl ripped off a piece of his Stromboli with a chubby hand and stuffed it in his mouth. He would have answered, right when he finished chewing and swallowing, had not Halden spoke up. Ripping the Ann Darrow poster out of his pocket, Halden enthusiastically said, \"Well, as we said earlier, we want you to be our leading lady.\" \"Yes, I remember,\" Ann replied in an awkward tone. Smiling, she said, \"Thanks Halden.\" \"You're PERFECT,\" Halden beamed. He then read the following words from his paper, \"One of the hottest vaudeville performers, allures the audience with beauty and charm, dances with style and grace, tames the toughest tough guys, and so much more.\" \"Halden,\" Carl attempted to stop his assistant from rolling his mouth. \"You're a fantastic fit for our adventure film,\" Halden cooed. \"You've got the moves, and you're one of the most gorgeous gals I've ever seen.\" \"Halden,\" Carl moaned, face in his hands. Poor Ann looked so weirded out. \"And might I say, you've got AMAZING curves,\" Halden commented. \"HALDEN!\" Carl snapped, slamming the table. The entire restaurant fell silent. \"I-uh, I think I'd better leave,\" Ann uncomfortably said, standing up. \"Ann please,\" Carl begged as he stood up in front of her. \"Mr. Denham, this situation has gotten painfully awkward,\" Ann complained. \"You make a quality offer, but I don't think I want to be around a director's assistant who acts almost as if he is looking for a prostitute. I'm not in the habit of accepting charity offers from strangers anyway.\" \"Oh, Miss Darrow, never mind Halden, he's just an idiot,\" Carl soothed. \"He's got a knack for saying outlandish things without thinking. He doesn't mean any harm. There will be NO funny business on the voyage, I assure you. I PROMISE you. Please sit down.\" Ann and Carl sat back down, and with his hands together, Carl continued, \"Now, imagine a handsome explorer heading out to the jungles of Indonesia. On board ship, he meets a mysterious girl. She's fragile, taunted, but can't escape the feeling that forces beyond her control and compelling her down a road from which she cannot draw back. It's as if her whole life has been a prelude to this moment; this fateful meaning that changes everything. And sure enough, against her better judgment…\" \"She falls in love,\" Ann interjected. \"Yes,\" Carl affirmed, nodding his head. Ann looked down sorrowfully, sighed, and said, \"But she doesn't trust it. As a matter of fact, she's not even sure if she believes in love.\" \"Uh, really?\" Carl asked, perplexed. \"If she loves someone, she knows it's doomed,\" Ann melancholily answered. \"Why is that?\" Carl questioned her. \"Because good things never last Mr. Denham,\" Ann told the film director. Carl paused, and then said, \"So you're interested? Good. That settles it. Now I don't want to rush you, but we are under some time pressure. Our ship leaves tomorrow night.\" \"Well I really\" – Ann began. \"Ann, I'm telling you, you're perfect,\" Carl interrupted. \"Look at you. You're the saddest girl I've ever met. You're going to make them weep, ma'am. You're going to break their hearts.\" \"See that's why you're wrong Mr. Denham, I charm people, that's what I do,\" Ann argued. She then stood up and said, \"I'm sorry. I don't know if this kind of movie would be best suited for me. It was nice meeting you, Carl, Halden. Best of luck with your picture.\" As Ann walked off to get her coat, Carl and Halden followed in desperation. Halden was the first of the two men to speak, \"Ann, I know you're upset about losing your job in vaudeville, but come on, you've got another EXCELLENT opportunity.\" \"Halden, let me handle this,\" Carl demanded. He then tried to reason with Ann, saying, \"Miss Darrow, please, I'm offering you money, the adventure of a lifetime and a long sea voyage aboard the S.S. Venture.\" \"S.S. Venture did you say?\" an Italian voice interjected. Ann, Carl, and Halden turned around to see their waiter standing there with a curious expression on his face. He then went on to say, \"Why, a-my brother is the cook on that ship. Gustavo Moracchioli is his name.\" \"Gustavo Moracchioli?\" Ann inquired, eyes lit up. \"Oh my word, I know him. He was a very close friend of my father's when I was a little girl. He cooked at all our parties.\" \"Yes-a, Gustavo's a good man, isn't he?\" the waiter asked, smiling. \"Oh yes, my family and I loved him,\" Ann gleefully replied. \"I haven't seen him in years.\" \"And-a Miss Darrow, I remember the first mate Jack Driscoll saying that you're his favorite vaudeville actress,\" the waiter told her. \"Jack Driscoll?\" Ann asked. \"I remember him. He was the boyfriend of my babysitter when I was a little girl. He seemed more like a tough guy back then. I always imagined him joining the marines or doing something related to that.\" \"Oh yes-a, I think he-a mentioned that as well,\" the waiter recalled. \"Halden, I think we may have some luck after all,\" Carl whispered to his assistant. Carl then mentioned, \"Oh, and we've also got Penn Hafner as our screenwriter. Do you know him by any chance Miss Darrow?\" \"Penn Hafner, oh yes,\" Ann replied. \"I greatly enjoy his work. I love the way he imagines his own theatrical versions of fairytales. Snow White, Cinderella, Sleeping Beauty, Beauty and the Beast, and I could go on and on.\" \"And that's why I thought he would be perfect for our adventure film in Indonesia,\" Carl told Ann. \"He's quite a writer, huh? And let me tell you Ann, he doesn't want just anyone starring in this picture. He said to me, 'Carl, somewhere out there is a woman born to play this role. A woman who will journey into the heart of the unknown.' And as soon as I saw you, I KNEW.\" \"Knew what?\" Ann asked. \"It was always going to be you?\" Carl answered. \"Well, it appears I have some surprising connections to this voyage of yours, Mr. Denham, so count me in,\" Ann gleefully accepted. \"Ah, ha, ha, splendid!\" Carl joyfully laughed. \"Halden, notepad out.\" Halden took out a notepad in his right hand, and a pen in his left, and made notes on Carl's following words, \"Tell Mr. Hafner we've got our leading lady. And make sure all our necessary film equipment is on the ship. We set sail at 8 PM tomorrow night sharp.\" \"Got it,\" Halden declared, finishing his writing with a side stroke of his pen. \"S.S. Venture tomorrow night at 8, Miss Darrow,\" Carl reminded Ann.[Chapter 4] The next night at the New York city docks, just as Carl Denham had said, the SS Venture was just about ready to set sail for the far east. 8 PM was nearing, and there was just one more thing that Carl needed: his leading lady, Ann Darrow. At just five of eight, Carl was anxiously awaiting the arrival of Miss Darrow, fearing that she would be too late – or worse. He was desperately tried to get Captain Englehorn to postpone shipping time, but with no avail. \"Please, Englehorn, my film needs her!\" Carl Denham begged the captain. \"Another hour?\" \"I'm sorry, Denham, I cannot do that,\" Englehorn replied in his German accent, smoking a cigar. \"You should have found your leading lady earlier.\" \"My film company sprung it on me at the last minute, I had no choice!\" Carl argued. \"Sprung what?\" Englehorn stubbornly inquired. Carl sighed in frustration, but before he could answer, Halden said, \"Carl, relax. She could be here any minute. It's only five of eight.\" \"What do you mean five of eight!?\" Carl hollered at his assistant. \"For crying out loud, Halden, the ship leaves at 8 PM sharp! If Ann doesn't show up, we're screwed!\" \"I can always write a new script, Mr. Denham,\" Penn Hafner calmly proposed, wiping his big round glasses with a handkerchief. \"Or why not do things the old-fashioned way, with footage of wild animals and the audio commentaries to go with it?\" the camera man Gary Hersche suggested. \"Or we can have the cabin boy dress up as a lady, ha, ha, ha,\" the sound technician Nigel Newman joked. \"Shakespeare did stuff like that.\" \"No, no, and NO!\" Carl shouted, stomping a foot three times. \"Nigel, who do you think I am? A child pornographer? I don't want any girly men in my picture! Gary, we can't do things the old-fashioned way. The studio wants a leading lady, and I want mine to show up NOW! Penn, I don't want a new script! I want everything done the way it was planned!\" \"Well Mr. Denham, it's almost time to leave,\" Captain Englehorn interjected. HONK! HONK! The conversation was disrupted as a yellow taxi cab pulled out in front of the ship. A door opened, and out came the beautiful blonde woman that Carl Denham had chosen as his leading lady: the lovely Miss Ann Darrow. She wore the same light brown trench coat from yesterday and carried two suitcases, ready for the village to what Carl falsely claimed was Indonesia. As the cab drove off, Carl sighed in relief. \"Ann, just in time, you had me worried sick,\" Carl told his actress as she approached him and his filming crew. \"So, is this your leading lady, Denham?\" Captain Englehorn inquired. \"Affirmative,\" Carl replied. \"Ma'am, Captain Englehorn, pleased to meet you,\" the German captain extended a hand to Ann and they shook. \"Ann Darrow,\" Ann introduced herself. Ann was surprised at Englehorn's relatively young appearance. She expected a sea captain to be old with white hair and a portly stature, but Captain Englehorn was around middle age with a tall frame, broad shoulders, and an auburn mustache. \"Miss Darrow,\" Penn warmly greeted her with an extended hand. \"Penn Hafner,\" Ann recognized him, taking his hand. Mr. Hafner appeared as more of a stereotypically depicted nerd, with large black-framed glasses, skinny build, and brown hair parted in the middle. He was just slightly shorter than Ann, with a mildly hunched back, but she was nonetheless delighted to meet her favorite playwright. She placed her other hand on the back of Penn's hand and said, \"I am quite familiar with your work Mr. Hafner. I must say that I greatly enjoyed your reimagination of Beauty and the Beast.\" \"Ah, yes, when Beauty becomes a She-Beast and lives forever with the Beast,\" Penn recalled. \"It turned out a lot better than I expected actually. And I'm excited for our new project in Sku- I mean Indonesia. Pardon me, I was thinking of Scandinavia. My fiancé has ancestry there. With the explorer and his lover, and possibly wildlife such as… um, elephants, tigers, and possibly even the Komodo Dragon. Mr. Denham loves this stuff.\" \"Miss Darrow, I'm Gary Hersche, Carl's camera man, pleased to meet you,\" Gary extended a large, bulky hand to Ann and they shook. Gary was taller and tubbier than Carl, with a completely bald head, but nevertheless had a friendly, smiling face that warmed Ann's heart. \"Nigel Newman, sound technician,\" Nigel casually introduced himself as he shook hands with Ann. Nigel was slender man, at medium height, with gelled short blonde hair hidden under a gray newsboy hat. \"Wonderful, now we all know each other, it's 7:59 so we'd better get moving,\" Captain Englehorn urged everybody after looking at his wrist watch. He then beckoned Ann toward the ramp leading up to the ship, saying, \"Ladies first.\" Ann made her way up the ramp, and everyone else followed. Once on board, she flinched as she heard Captain Englehorn shout, \"Alright, all aboard! We set sail now!\" Captain Englehorn turned right to make his way to the captain's headquarters as Carl and his film crew headed left. Ann almost followed Carl, Halden, Penn, Gary, and Nigel, but was stopped by a sharp whistle. She turned to see sailors standing about twelve feet away from her. \"Say, Harold, look what the cat dragged in,\" one sailor commented. He was ugly with a skeleton-like skinny frame, a face with profuse stubble, some missing teeth, and greasy dark brown mullet hair under his sailor cap. \"Cat? You mean sexy cougar? She's the sexiest mama I seen in a long time, Stu,\" the other sailor replied. He had a face of stubble like his comrade, but was much taller with a husky physique and a buzzed head under his sailor cap. Ann slowly backed away as the men began to approach her. She was a very kindhearted woman and did not believe in violence, but was strongly tempted to punch them both in the face and push them overboard. However, she knew she could not overpower them both, and was afraid they were going to beat or rape her. Ann wanted to call out to Carl or Captain Englehorn for help, but didn't want to stir up a commotion. \"Come now, pretty kitty, we don't mean no harm,\" Stu flirted, lustfully smiling. \"The sea is dangerous for gorgeous gals like you, so we wanna protect ya,\" Harold added. \"I-I-I don't need your help, leave me alone,\" Ann shakily protested, voice full of fear. \"Come on, we only just met ya,\" Stu said to her. \"Want me to carry your suitcases? I don't want you to strain those nicely toned ankles of yours,\" Harold rudely offered. \"I'd like your body to be fresh for a threesome later if you're up for it. Just you, me, and Stu.\" \"There will be none of that!\" a tough voice interjected. Ann felt relief as a man in a white uniform with a broadly muscled frame and gelled black hair under his cap stepped right in front of her to protect her from Harold and Stu. Even from behind, and from the sound of his voice, Ann knew who it was. The first mate Jack Driscoll. \"Come on Jack, we was just havin' some fun,\" Stu complained. \"Miss Darrow is traveling on our ship for a film project, not for your sexual gratification!\" Jack scolded the two sailors. \"Any funny business with her and Englehorn will have your heads, I can promise you that!\" \"Sorry Jack, Stu and I just haven't seen no gals in a long time,\" Harold falsely apologized. \"I don't care,\" Jack rebuffed, unimpressed by the fake apology. \"And didn't I give you two an order to clean the cargo hold? Now come on, let's go! Get moving!\" Stu and Harold moved in Ann's direction, intending to pass her, but Jack stopped them both with his two muscular arms and demanded them, \"Other way!\" Jack pushed the two men off, and they turned and walked the other way. He then turned back toward Ann with a look of concern in his sharp gray eyes. Ann was pleasantly surprised by Jack's protectiveness. She never interacted with him that much during the occasional times when he came over to see her babysitter. She remembered Jack being very stern with her rowdy older brothers, whom his girlfriend had a rather difficult time controlling, and only just discovered that the surly sea adventurer had a soft side. \"Oh, Jack Driscoll, it's been years!\" Ann beamed, embracing him. Jack was taken aback by Ann's affection, but gently wrapped his arms around her briefly until she released. In gratitude, Ann went on to say, \"Thanks for protecting me from those perverts.\" \"No problem Ann, it's what I do, I help Englehorn run the ship,\" Jack told her. \"So, I hear you got involved in vaudeville.\" \"Yes, I was a vaudeville actress, but then my theatre got shut down,\" Ann sadly confirmed. \"But hey, you've got new opportunities with Mr. Denham,\" Jack soothed. \"Yes,\" Ann acknowledged, still morose. Changing the subject, she asked Jack, \"So, are you still dating Priscilla?\" \"Your babysitter? No,\" Jack answered. \"Years ago, I had my last kiss with her as I went on my first expedition with Englehorn to capture Thylacine in Australia. By the time I got back, I found out she screwed me over for some rich guy. They got married while I was gone and now they've got nine kids together.\" \"That's awful, I never imagined Priscilla would do that,\" Ann sympathized. \"Eh, I've been through worse,\" Jack replied. BWRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR! The ship horn went off and the S.S. Venture was ready to set sail. Jack flinched as he remembered his obligations to help Englehorn while setting sail. As much as he wanted to stay and talk with Ann, he had to be faithful to his duties as the first mate. \"Oh shoot, I've gotta help Englehorn!\" Jack remembered. He then called out to a teenage African American boy, \"Freddy!\" \"Yes Jack?!\" Jimmy replied. \"Do me a favor and show Miss Darrow to her cabin, I've got to help Englehorn!\" Jack asked the young man. \"Sure thing Jack!\" Freddy complied. As Jack departed to the right, to go assist Englehorn with setting sail, Freddy approached Ann and politely introduced himself, \"Freddy Hendrick, ma'am. I'm the cabin boy.\" \"Ann Darrow, it's nice to meet you Freddy,\" Ann warmly responded, shaking his hand. \"May I carry your luggage?\" Freddy asked. \"Sure, thank you Freddy,\" Ann said as she handed her to suitcases to Freddy. As the two of them walked to the left, to find Ann's cabin, Freddy questioned, \"So are you nervous about this voyage, Miss Darrow?\" \"Nervous? Should I be?\" Ann inquired. \"We usually do live animal capture for zoos and circuses, so we travel to all sorts of exotic places for that,\" Freddy shared. \"I hear Mr. Denham likes filming wildlife. He says we're heading for Indonesia, but he didn't say where in Indonesia, so I've got a strange feeling we're heading for somewhere else, or something else.\" \"Well, he did say something about elephants, tigers, and the Komodo Dragon,\" Ann said. \"Film directors have got crazy imaginations,\" Freddy commented. \"But I fear Denham's imagination may be a little too crazy. I've got strange feelings about the man. Wherever we're really going, if it's not Indonesia, I feel that elephants, tigers, and Komodo Dragons will be the least of our worries. Maybe there's something bigger he intends to get in his film. Or something that none of us even know about.\" BWRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR! The ship horn was blown again, and the S.S. Venture set sail for Indonesia. Although Freddy was right. Denham did not want to film in Indonesia, for he had secretly planned on shooting his next picture on Skull Island. Thus, Ann Darrow began her journey into the heart of the unknown, just as Carl Denham said she would.[Chapter 5] KNOCK! KNOCK! KNOCK! Loud knocking on Ann Darrow's cabin door caused the leading lady to flinch awake, thus ending her night long beauty sleep. Miss Darrow knew that boarding the Venture was no dream, but she felt as if her awakening marked the first official day of her voyage after boarding the ship on the previous night. Rising from under the covers of a bed with an iron railing and waking up to yellowish white walls and closet doors, the feeling sunk into Ann that she would be away from home for a very long time. KNOCK! KNOCK! KNOCK! The door knocked again as Ann's bare feet touched the wooden brown floor and she stood up in her ice blue embroidered silk nightgown. She timidly approached the door and opened it to see Jack Driscoll standing there, looking very concerned. \"Good morning, Miss Darrow,\" Jack greeted her. \"Um – good morning Jack,\" Ann replied, curtsying with an awkward smile on her face. \"Did everything go okay for you last night?\" Jack asked. \"Those two hooligans didn't bother you again, did they?\" \"Everything was fine, and no, neither one of them even set a foot in here,\" Ann answered. \"Although, I felt very uncomfortable after they tried to get me to sleep with them, so I decided to keep to myself for the night after Freddy brought me to my cabin here.\" \"Good for you, Miss Darrow,\" Jack smiled. \"Freddy's a good guy. I like him a lot. Stu and Harold are the biggest knuckleheads of the entire crew. Always shirking duties and doing stupid things. Englehorn had a talk with them last night after I reported them. How he didn't fire them is beyond me. So I asked the second mate, Hugo Briggs, to keep an eye on them and make sure they wouldn't mess with you again.\" \"Thanks Jack, I appreciate it,\" Ann thanked him. \"Whatever I gotta do to look out for the leading lady,\" Jack said. \"Anyways, Mr. Denham and his little film crew are in the kitchen. Our cook, Gustavo Moracchioli, is making breakfast right now as we speak.\" \"Gustavo, I know Gustavo!\" Ann delightfully told Jack. \"Ah yes, Mr. Denham mentioned that to me last night,\" Jack shared. \"He was a family friend of yours I heard. Must have been before his wife died from a heart attack and he joined the Venture to be closer to his sons. That's what he told me and Englehorn.\" \"Oh, what a shame, my father never told me about that,\" Ann sympathized. \"Yeah,\" Jack sighed. \"Anyways, you should probably get yourself ready. Mr. Denham wants to start filming first thing after breakfast. I'll wait outside till you're ready, just to make sure Stu and Harold don't come waltzing in here.\" \"It's okay Jack, I should be fine,\" Ann assured Jack. Touching his bulky shoulder, she said, \"If Englehorn talked to them, like you said, then I know I'm in good hands.\" \"Are you sure?\" Jack asked Ann. \"Positive,\" Ann confidently responded. \"Alright then, see you in a few,\" Jack said, closing Ann's cabin door. Jack let out a deep breath once he turned away from the closed door. The protective first mate flinched as a deep voice greeted him, \"Good morning, Mr. Driscoll.\" Jack turned to his left to see a tall and muscular man with tan skin and silky dark brown hair under his sailor hat. Jack replied, \"Oh, Briggs, it's you. Good morning.\" \"Are you coming to breakfast now or what?\" Briggs asked Jack. \"Breakfast, oh yes,\" Jack breathily answered. As the two men walked down the hallway together, Briggs questioned Jack, \"You seem kinda nervous about something. What's eating you Jack?\" \"Ah, nothing,\" Jack rebuffed. \"You had Stu and Harold run the ropes on deck, right?\" \"You're worried about Miss Darrow, aren't you?\" Briggs teased. \"You got a thing for her?\" \"Are you kidding?! No!\" Jack belligerently denied. \"Why would I want somebody my ex-girlfriend babysat years ago?!\" \"Well, she's a grown woman now,\" Briggs pointed out. \"And a gorgeous gal, I'll say.\" \"Now you're sounding like Stu and Harold!\" Jack snapped. \"Jack, calm down, you worry too much,\" Briggs said nonchalantly. Jack would not calm down as he saw Stu and Harold heading down the hall in their direction. Both of those goons hesitated with nervous facial expression as Jack huffed, glared, pursed his lips and swiftly walked toward them. He grabbed both Stu and Harold by the collar and interrogated them, \"Where do you think you're going?!\" \"Oh, J-J-Jack, we forgot about the ropes after uh-uh, bre-bre-breakfast,\" Stu stammered. \"Gustavo gave us a couple raw eggs,\" Harold lied. \"We just wanted to uh, apologize to Miss Darrow… about last night.\" \"Oh, no you don't!\" Jack scolded them, pushing them both back. He knew their dishonest tactics, and that Gustavo never gave anybody any raw proteins. \"Not while I'm around! Now quit messing around and get the ropes NOW!\" \"Sir yes sir!\" Stu and Harold frantically complied as they ran away from Jack and turned to the hallway on the left. As Jack and Briggs followed in that direction to get to the kitchen, Jack confided in Briggs, \"I'm just concerned about those two messing with her, cause that's not right.\" \"You sure you don't have the hots for her?\" Briggs questioned. \"No, I don't, and I told you I was done with women after Priscilla screwed me over for that rich guy!\" Jack angrily reminded Briggs. \"Ha, and I told ya that would never last,\" Briggs laughed. Jack shook his head in frustration and responded with a huff. (Moments later, in the kitchen) \"So, Miss Darrow's-a well this morning?\" Gustavo asked as he was frying scrambled eggs on his grill for Carl. \"I did not want to scare her after what-a happened last night.\" \"Seemed like she was fine when I last saw her,\" Jack replied, chewing strips of bacon. \"I just hope Stu and Harold didn't slip into her cabin after me and Briggs got here.\" \"Jack, come on, those two get so scared they'll do anything you say when you're tough on them,\" Briggs assured Jack, patting a hand on Jack's shoulder while munching on bacon strips with his comrade. \"You saw them. They fled like the devil was after them when you told them to run the ropes on deck.\" \"Well yeah, but how much longer is it going to be until they successfully pull their shenanigans with her behind my back,\" Jack worried. \"Now, now, Jack, Stu and Harold once-a viewed me as nothing more than a beardless Italian Santa Claus when I first joined, and-a they mocked me, but-a now they love-a me,\" Gustavo soothed. Gustavo was a very friendly man, and even his physical appearance was so welcoming. He was a heavyset man of medium height, olive skin tone, and a balding head with graying, curly black hair. Yet, his beaming brown eyes, pudgy nose, and frequent smiling could warm the coldest of the cold hearts. He was undoubtedly the most positive and most pleasant member of the Venture crew. \"Miss-a Darrow was a sweet little girl when I once knew her. If Stu and Harold see that, they will probably not even DREAM of-a raping her.\" \"Hope not, but then there are all the duties they like to shirk, and Englehorn doesn't have the nerve to fire them,\" Jack complained. Seemingly ignoring Jack's complaint, Gustavo brushed Carl's scrambled eggs onto a plate and walked it over to him saying, \"Mr. Denham, your eggs are-a ready.\" \"Well it's about time Gustavo,\" Carl responded. \"You're lucky I like them a little hard and crunchier with brown crisp in it.\" \"Oh sorry, Mr. Denham, I like to talk sometimes-a while I do my work, he-he,\" Gustavo apologized, laughing. \"I see,\" Carl said in an annoyed low tone. \"C'mon Carl, lighten up,\" Halden soothed. He, Penn, Gary, and Nigel were all sitting at the table with Carl, eating their respective breakfasts. \"You gotta love Gustavo. And ya know, the whole crew seems nice too. I think this will be a fun voyage and a perfect time to film.\" \"Ha, ha, gotta love your corny words of wisdom Halden,\" Nigel joked. \"Men, you know me, where I really wanna shoot is in the jungles of Indonesia,\" Carl told them. He then smiled and looked to Jack, saying, \"You know somethin' Jack, I almost wish I could have cast you in my film with Ann. I can tell you're real protective of her after those two pervish sailors tried to shack up with her. And something tells me\"- \"I'm NOT in love with her Carl!\" Jack snapped, slamming a hand on the kitchen counter. Everyone in the room laughed, even Gustavo, and Briggs cheekily remarked, \"I actually called it first, Mr. Denham.\" \"Come on Briggs, you've seen how tough I've been with the wild animals on our voyages, I don't have time to drag a lady friend into that,\" Jack convinced the second mate. \"Who's even playing Ann's love interest in Denham's film anyhow?\" \"I am,\" said a tall lean man with silky black hair and a thin mustache as he entered through the kitchen door. \"Theodore Weston, Denham decided to cast you of all people,\" Jack recognized him, not looking particularly fond. \"C'mon Jack, he's GREAT, he's starred in a lot the western and jungle classics,\" Carl told the first mate. \"Well, I didn't really want to see him here,\" Jack retorted. \"Why, 'cause you didn't want me to see you working on a rugged ship?\" Theodore taunted Jack. \"Is that why you never came to the high school reunions?\" \"I didn't want to see you cause you're a jerk, and I don't care nothin' about high school reunions, Mr. Attention Seeker,\" Jack insulted Theodore. \"Now gentlemen, why don't we settle this over breakfast?\" Halden interjected. \"I already ate, Halden,\" Jack coldly reminded him. \"So, Jack, I heard you flipped out at two guys who were messing with Ann, and now everybody thinks you've got a thing for her,\" Theodore teased. He then whispered in Jack's ear, \"Don't worry, I'll take that speculation off you, if ya know what I mean.\" Jack grabbed Theodore's collar and growled, \"Oh for crying out loud, I do NOT\"- Jack felt embarrassed and quickly released Theodore as Ann walked in with Freddy at her side. The sweet scent of Ann's perfume filled the entire room, and she wore black eye liner, red lipstick, and flowing a light-yellow dress with a matching scarf. \"I just thought I might show Miss Darrow to the kitchen for breakfast,\" Freddy explained. \"I just happened to be walking by as she stepped out of her cabin door.\" \"Miss-a Darrow!\" Gustavo beamed, approaching her with open arms. \"Oh my gosh, Gustavo!\" Ann delightfully squealed, running toward the Italian cook and embracing him. \"Oh, it's been years.\" \"My, how you've grown, and what a lovely dress,\" Gustavo marveled. \"I recently lost my job in vaudeville, but Mr. Denham took me in as his leading lady,\" Ann told Gustavo. \"We met your brother at an Italian restaurant in New York. I forget what the place was called, but he told us you work here.\" \"My brother? Ah yes, Lidio. He called-a me two nights ago, and he told me all about it-a,\" Gustavo mentioned. \"He's a good-a guy.\" \"Yeah, he seemed real pleasant when Miss Darrow, Carl, and I met him,\" Halden shared. \"Speaking of pleasant, Miss Darrow, may I give you a pleasant greeting?\" Theodore flirted as he approached Ann. Ann giggled and Jack rolled his eyes, sighing with contempt. Theodore took Ann's hand, kissed it, and introduced himself, \"I am Theodore Weston. Mr. Denham chose me as his leading man, just as you are the leading lady.\" \"Oh, well I'm delighted to meet you Mr. Weston,\" Ann warmly replied, touching his cheek. \"Hey Mr. Weston, try not to get too gooey with her, you'll make Mr. Driscoll mad,\" Stu mocked as he walked into the kitchen with Harold. \"And he's got a BAD temper,\" Harold added, cheekily smiling. \"A surly first mate he is. And before you lash out at us again Jack, we just finished running the ropes on deck.\" \"Mr. Driscoll means no harm, he just wants to keep everything in order, that's all,\" Ann politely defended Jack, bringing a brief smile to his face. \"Ah yes, I see, well I'm sure his 'surly nature' will be sorted out in due time,\" Theodore teased Jack, tapping his cheek. Jack wanted to strangle him. \"Hey Theodore, you might wanna eat up, we start filming in half an hour,\" Carl suggested. \"Oh boy, this is going to be a long voyage,\" Jack murmured to himself. As much as he denied it to the other men on the ship, he was growing feelings for Ann. Her beauty was only secondary, for she was the most pleasant and polite girl he had met in a long time. He felt very protective of her. Mr. Driscoll not only felt the need to keep an eye on Stu and Harold, but his old high school rival Theodore Weston as well.[Chapter 6] Thirty minutes after breakfast, just as Carl said, began a part of the voyage that Jack quickly grew to dread. Filming. He would have rather gouged an eye out than see his old high school rival, Theodore Weston, acting with a young woman that they both loved. Ann Darrow. As much as Jack despised Stu and Harold, he would have rather seen one of those two play Ann's love interest because he knew they would have little to no chance of being her lover in real life. Neither of them were particularly attractive, or smart, or had the best social skills. Theodore Weston, on the other hand, was a very handsome and suave man. Theodore was very popular during the time he and Jack were in high school together. Enmity had grown between the two of them after Jack got himself in a relationship with Priscilla Whitaker, whom Theodore loved. Since then, Theodore did everything he could to be better than Jack; acting in school theater, singing in school concerts, throwing house parties in his parents' mansion, and even charming and befriending as many female students as possible. As Jack saw Theodore at the rail of the ship deck, dressed in his sailor costume and waiting for Ann to come out, he feared that he would successfully get even with him for inadvertently stealing Priscilla. Eye for an eye. Jack's heart raced and his face was laden with despondent countenance as he observed Theodore at the rail, Gary with the camera, and Carl ready to give filming regulations upon the word \"action.\" \"Alright, everyone from the top, and action!\" Carl directed. As Gary began turning the crank on Carl's camera, Ann gleefully came out beside Theodore, saying, \"I think this is awfully exciting! I've never been on a ship before.\" \"And I've never been on one with a woman before,\" Theodore nonchalantly replied. \"You don't think much of women on ships, do you?\" Ann asked. \"No, they're a nuisance,\" Theodore coldly answered. \"Well I'll try not to be,\" Ann told him. \"Just being around is trouble,\" Theodore remarked. Jack could not stomach any more of what he was seeing, so he turned around and tuned out the dialogue for about thirty seconds until Carl ended the scene, \"Cut! It's great. Theodore, wonderful performance, you can relax for ten minutes. That was very natural. I felt moved.\" As Theodore departed from the film crew, he passed Jack, snidely saying, \"What do you think, Driscoll? Dialogue's got some flow now, huh?\" Jack rolled his eyes and sarcastically replied, \"It was pure effluence.\" \"I beefed up the banter,\" Theodore shared. \"Try to resist that impulse,\" Jack rebuffed. \"It's just a little humor bud,\" Theodore cheekily explained, nudging Jack with an elbow. \"What are you, a Bolshevik or something?\" As Theodore walked away, Jack shook his head and murmured to himself, \"Actors.\" Jack felt a small sense of peace as Ann approached him, smiling, and asked, \"So what did you think of my performance, Jack?\" \"I think the character you played suits your personality very well,\" Jack told her. \"I'm not too fond of Theodore though. He and I were archrivals back in high school and he still acts like a snobby prom queen to me.\" \"He is a very good actor though,\" Ann said. \"I'm sure your guys dispute will be all sorted out in due time.\" \"Let me tell you something, Ann, you're a good actress, as a profession and as a person,\" Jack complimented her. He then sighed, and continued, \"Just keep in mind, not all actors are admirable in both categories, if you get what I'm saying. Just um… don't change who you are. Most importantly, don't let any conceited actors influence you.\" \"Aw, Jack, don't worry, I'll be fine,\" Ann assured him, touching his cheek. \"I really appreciate you looking out for me though.\" \"Yeah, it's uh… it's what I do,\" Jack bashfully replied, rubbing the back of his head. Ann embraced Jack, and then departed, saying, \"See you in a few.\" (Throughout the course of several weeks) Outside duties of helping Captain Englehorn run the ship, Jack enjoyed watching Ann as Carl and Gary filmed her. She always looked extravagantly beautiful and he always looked forward to seeing what makeup and costumes she would wear. Ann's embrace and regular friendliness toward Jack made him feel more confident and able to withstand the snide remarks of Theodore. Although Ann and Theodore acted as lovers on camera, Jack saw no sure signs that she was interested in him. Theodore often flirted with her, but she would kindly smile it off without any giggling, blushing, or hair-touching. She was still on friendly terms with him though. After acting on filmset, Ann would usually go to Jack first for feedback, and Jack would lovingly give his answers. They would often find time to spend together outside of filming and ship duties and have long conversations. Ann often touched Jack's muscular arms, laughed, joked, blushed, and ran her slender fingers through the curls of her blonde hair. Jack often smiled at this with an internal sense of confidence, knowing that he had better luck with Ann than Theodore. Stu and Harold grew to understand the boundaries with Ann that Jack had set before them. Their sexual desires for her gradually decreased, but they became more friendly with them. They still tended to shirk duties that Englehorn, Jack, and Briggs gave them, but Ann would often step in and get them working by saying, \"Do it for me.\" Stu and Harold were humbled by Ann's kindness toward them and developed a friendship with her. Jack was still a bit wary of those two, although largely due to his past dislike of them, but was not concerned that either one of them would try to rape Ann. While Stu and Harold grew to understand their boundaries with Ann, they looked at Theodore with contempt and ridicule as he continued to show interest in her. Theodore was blissfully unaware that Ann had feelings for Jack as he continually strove to outdo him in trying to impress her. This did not bother Jack, because he knew Theodore would experience a humiliating failure in trying to get in a relationship with Ann. Carl resiliently took charge of filming production. He and Gary shot scenes of Ann and Theodore every day. He often met with Halden to make filming plans, Penn to continue screenwriting, Nigel to edit the sound recording of the film stock. He frequently got frustrated with editing errors, due to his short temper, but they were always resolved. As production went on, he felt more and more confident about his film project. Ann, Theodore, Halden, Gary, Penn, and Nigel all enjoyed having their parts in it – and Jack and the rest of the Venture crew enjoyed watching the film shots when given the chance. However, nobody except Carl and his personal film crew knew where the climax of the film would take place… and it was not Indonesia. (October 5 th , 1933) A merry gathering took place on the deck of the Venture under a colorful dusk sky. Everyone, sailors and film crew, stood around as Theodore was about to offer a romantic dance to Ann. The only two not present were Carl and Captain Englehorn, but everyone else seemed to be blissfully unaware. Gustavo had his accordion ready, his sons Stefano and Giuseppe were eager to play their ukulele and acoustic guitar, Briggs was positioned at a large hand drum, and Freddy was about to play the flute that he had since middle school choir. Jack was standing by the railing with Stu and Harold, waiting for Theodore to humiliate himself in front of everybody. \"Ann Darrow, you are my love, not only in Mr. Denham's film, but in real life as well,\" Theodore cornily charmed Ann. \"Will you dance with me?\" \"AHAHAHAHAHAHA!\" Stu and Harold burst out laughing, and everyone else chimed in, including Jack. \"That's the most embarrassing flirt I heard in years, Harold!\" Stu jeered to his buddy. \"Yeah, he's gonna go down the crapper for this one, Stu!\" Harold laughed. Ann seized upon the opportunity to gently let Theodore down in favor of someone else. \"Theodore, this is very sweet of you, but I think I want to dance with Jack.\" Everyone cheered and applauded as Theodore dropped his jaw and cried, \"WHAT?!\" \"You heard the lady, Fancypants, let's go,\" Harold said as he grabbed Theodore by one of his lean arms and pulled him to the side. \"Go get 'em, Jack!\" Stu encouraged Jack as he nudged him on to go dance with Ann. Gustavo, Stefano, Giuseppe, Briggs, and Freddy began to play their instruments as the other men clapped to the tune and Jack and Ann were about to dance. The two spun and shuffled their feet around as Gustavo opened his mouth and loudly sang an old Irish folk song in his native Italian language. Hardly anybody could translate Gustavo's lyrics into English, but his voice was unforgettable. He had an operatic baritone voice that would add excitement to even the most boring Broadway shows. He even hummed slower tunes to himself while working alone, or loudly sang the slow tunes in the shower. This time, his singing vocals were much more upbeat while still having impeccable pitch and power. His voice was so moving that many sailors joyfully laughed and cheered to his song. Even Stefano and Giuseppe felt compelled to give their father backup vocals because his song was so engaging. Everyone was having a wonderful time except for poor Theodore. He felt humiliated after losing yet another lady to his old high school rival. He feared that his reputation on the ship was shattered and nobody would respect him. Would the public in America still respect him for his involvement in high quality films? Would he find a better lady friend than Miss Darrow? How long would it be until he finally got back home to find out? In despair, he looked up to his right and saw Carl talking with Captain Englehorn on a higher platform. Englehorn had a map in his hands and nodded as Carl pointed around while speaking to him. Theodore had a strange feeling that things were about to change course. Wherever the Venture would go, other than Indonesia, he was nervous to find out what dwelled there. Would he survive and thus gain more respect? Perhaps some love from Ann? Or would he die and be spared future torment of a loser's life? (Later in the Evening) Jack and Ann hung outside on the ship rail, having one of their usual conversations. \"So, what did you think of Gustavo's voice, Jack?\" Ann asked. \"Oh, I've heard him before, I just never expected he would do something so upbeat as an Irish folk song, in Italian language,\" Jack nonchalantly replied. \"Gustavo loves to be creative with this stuff in special gatherings, he used to sing at my family's parties after he finished cooking,\" Ann told him. \"Gotta say, I really enjoyed dancing to his song,\" Jack said. \"It was the first time I'd done something like that in years, and I never thought I'd enjoy a dance like that with anyone other than my old gal Priscilla.\" \"And why is that?\" Ann inquired, gently holding his arm. Jack faced her and hesitantly stammered, \"I-uh… I… I guess I\"- \"Ah, look Harold, a post boy-girl dance chat,\" Stu commented as he and Harold approached Jack and Ann. \"I never had nothin' like that,\" Harold replied. \"Guys, will you get the heck outta here?!\" Jack snapped at them, annoyed. \"No, Jack, it's okay,\" Ann assured him. \"Yeah, and we know you guys, um… uh never mind,\" Stu said. \"We been wanting to say to you both, sorry we seemed all creepy at first,\" Harold apologized. \"Stu and I known each other since we was yay big. We're cousins, more like brothers though. We been through so much trouble together.\" \"Back in our high school days, say 16 and 17, Harold and I used to shack up with the prostitutes, but our parents didn't like that so they sent us here to get our act together,\" Stu added. \"We never really knew how to act around women cause we ain't seen virtually none of them while being on the Venture. When someone's as nice as Ann here, then we start to think straight.\" \"It's kinda like the goodness o' God leadin' ya to repentance, change of understanding ya know,\" Harold commented. \"My daddy's real religious and he taught this to me a while ago.\" \"Well I guess there's more to you rascals then meets the eye,\" Jack smiled. \"Jack,\" Briggs interjected. Jack turned around and responded, \"Yes?\" \"Captain Englehorn wants to see you,\" Briggs told him. Jack looked a bit hesitant to leave Ann with Stu and Harold, but Briggs gently clapped onto their shoulders and said, \"Don't worry, Jack. I'll keep an eye on these two for ya.\" \"Yeah, you can count on Briggs to keep us outta trouble,\" Stu joked. \"Least until you trust us more,\" Harold added, smiling. \"Go on Jack, your captain needs you,\" Ann gently urged him. So Jack went on to meet with Captain Englehorn, having yet to see the expedition take its climax.[Chapter 7] \"You called me, Captain Englehorn?\" Jack asked as he opened the door to the captain's headquarters. \"What do you need me to do?\" The German captain turned around, smoking a cigar, and replied, \"Denham just revealed his specific destination. An uncharted island southwest of Sumatra.\" \"Southwest of Sumatra?\" Jack inquired. Englehorn pulled out a large Earth map and pointed to the center of the Indian Ocean, saying, \"Right here, Jack. 12 degrees south and 70 degrees east.\" \"Captain, that's WAY southwest of Sumatra!\" Jack argued, concerned. \"This takes us outside of the shipping lanes! We can't do that! We've traveled thousands of miles and seven vessels have already been lost in these waters!\" Captain Englehorn ignored Jack, puffing more smoke from his cigar. Provoked, Jack interrogated his captain, \"How much did that scumbag pay you?\" \"That's enough, Jack,\" Englehorn rebuffed him. \"How much?! To compromise the safety of your ship and your crew?!\" Jack snapped. \"There are dangers in any job, Jack,\" Englehorn excused himself. \"Well whatever you got, I hope it's worth it,\" Jack sternly told him. \"Set a course for the island, Jack, 12 degrees south and 70 degrees east, we're going to have to turn southwest,\" Englehorn gave his order. \"What's this place even called?\" Jack asked. \"Never mind, Jack, you can ask Mr. Denham later,\" Englehorn answered. \"Now come on, let's set a course for the island.\" With a sigh of reluctance, Jack took hold of the steering wheel and complied with his captain's orders, thus beginning the journey to Mr. Denham's mysterious island. (A Few Minutes After Turning Southwest) Carl was sitting at a table in the center of his cabin with Halden, Gary, Penn, and Nigel. Nigel was playing the audio of Carl's filmstock and Penn had his typewriter ready to make any script additions or changes. Mr. Denham, of course, had his usual frustrations during editing. \"Oh, Marlow, are you going to go into the wilderness without me?\" Ann's voice emotionally asked on Nigel's sound recorder. \"It's part of my job, Jane,\" Theodore's voice replied. \"Nothing I haven't done before. I'll come back to you, I promise.\" \"Stop, stop, stop, I don't like it,\" Carl complained. Perplexed, Nigel turned off the audio and asked, \"What's the matter, Carl. The audio sounded just fine this time.\" \"The lines are just corny, too corny for my liking,\" Carl protested. \"I don't see anything wrong with it, Mr. Denham,\" Penn interjected. \"Yeah, makes a pretty darn good moment of romantic drama, huh?\" Nigel commented. All five men flinched as the door abruptly swung open, and there stood Jack, looking very frustrated and irritated. He stepped into the room, slammed the door shut, and sharply said, \"Denham, we need to talk!\" \"Uh, Jack, this isn't the time, we're in the middle of editing here,\" Carl replied. Slowly approaching Carl, Jack argued, \"You know something, Carl? It wasn't the time for YOU to tell my stupid yes-man captain to turn southwest when we were just nearing the coast of Indonesia! And now we're heading to some unnamed, mysterious island in the center of the Indian Ocean; 12 degrees south and 70 degrees west. What is this place?!\" \"Why, it's an undiscovered place called Skull Island, Jack,\" Halden told him. \"Halden!\" Carl snapped, slamming the table. Carl then stood up of his chair and slowly backed away from Jack with his hands out, saying, \"Jack, please, I'm not looking for trouble.\" Jack hastily closed in on Carl, swatted his arms out of the way, pulled him up close by the shirt, and threatened, \"You… are going to tell me everything I don't know… or I'm going to beat your brains out.\" Carl pulled a folded, tattered yellow map out of his pocket and said, \"See this map, Jack? It's a map of Skull Island. I got it from the skipper of a Norwegian barque. His crew got shipwrecked and they were stranded there for about a year. Took a long time for them to rebuild the ship, so he made a map of the island during that time.\" Jack let go of Carl, snatched the map out of his hand and opened it up to examine it. He then looked up at Carl and asked him, \"Did he tell you what's ON that island?\" \"Well, it's surrounded by jagged rocks and covered in thick fog\"- Carl began. \"I asked you what's ON the island, Carl!\" Jack interrupted. \"On the island? Oh, there's prehistoric life and all kinds of unknown species,\" Carl revealed. \"Not too far from shore is the natives, and they have this MASSIVE wall built to protect them from the jungle.\" \"Jungle?\" Jack inquired. \"That's right, a deep, dark jungle, Jack,\" Carl affirmed. \"A lot of those creatures behind the wall are mankillers. The biggest and baddest of them all is a lone creature feared by the natives. He's said to be around 50 feet tall, neither beast nor man, but monstrous in nature. His head is mountainous. His eyes are like flaming fire. His nose is flat with nostrils of perpetual flare. His ears are big enough to hear the cries of the natives from afar. His yellowish fangs shame that of a vampire's. His body has the muscles of a god. His fingernails are like giant daggers that tear through the strongest hide. His skin is an eerie brownish gray with a dark brown fur coat. He bears the blood red scars of an isolated, violent past.\" \"It's got to be some kind of native superstition,\" Penn incredulously suggested. \"Oh no, I think this thing is real,\" Halden expressed, worried. \"Why would the natives build that wall if it wasn't?\" \"It must be some kind of giant sasquatch or tropic-dwelling yeti or something?\" Gary remarked. \"I'd say it's either carnivorous or just real territorial. Or both.\" \"Well whatever this thing is, we'd best leave it alone,\" Jack urged. \"It's not worth risking our necks to film a 50-foot monster.\" \"Monsters belong in THE movies, Jack,\" Carl confidently argued. Walking toward the door and opening it, Jack warned Carl, \"Oh, it'll be the last movie you ever make. I can almost guarantee you that.\" Jack exited Carl's cabin and closed the door behind him. The first thing he saw in the hall was Theodore standing tensely against the wall, looking like he had just seen a ghost. \"Jack, was Mr. Denham just talking about an island with some hairy 50-foot monster?\" Theodore shakily inquired. \"Ask him yourself,\" Jack coldly rebuffed him, walking away. Jack made his way to Ann's cabin and gently knocked on the door. Ann opened the door to her dimly lit cabin, giggling and blushing as Jack saw her in her ice blue embroidered silk nightgown. She then greeted him, \"Hi Jack. Come on in.\" Jack stepped in the room and told her in a grave, serious tone, \"Ann, I really feel the need to share this with you.\" \"Share what?\" Ann asked. \"We're not actually going to Indonesia,\" Jack began. \"What?\" Ann inquired. \"Denham hid his real destination from us for seven weeks,\" Jack explained. \"Englehorn had me turn the ship southwest for an uncharted island in the center of the Indian Ocean. Denham says he got the map from the skipper of a Norwegian barque.\" \"What's this place called?\" Ann questioned him. \"Skull Island,\" Jack replied in a low tone. \"I've not heard good things about that place. He says the natives built a wall to protect themselves from a m-, from these unidentified, vicious creatures of the jungle.\" \"Then why would Mr. Denham bring us there?\" Ann asked, surprised and confused. \"Because he's a lunatic, that's why, all he cares about is his stupid film,\" Jack rambled. \"He'll go so far to make a fortune, even if it costs other people's lives.\" \"Oh, Jack, it's a miracle if I survive this,\" Ann remarked. \"If WE survive this,\" Jack corrected her. \"Ann, whatever happens on that island, whatever the dangers there turn out to be, I just want you to know… I love you. That's what I'd been trying to tell you earlier. You're beautiful to me, inside and out. Whether we're together for a limited period of time, or the rest of our lives, I just want you to know… I love you.\" \"Oh, Jack,\" Ann whispered as she wrapped her arms around his broad neck, going in for the kiss. Their lips connected, and Jack gently placed his hands on Ann's waist. He stroked her curved hips as they continued kissing. Pure romantic ecstasy was felt in both of them. Ann did not care where the Venture was going, as long as she had her beloved Jack with her. Jack had already seen exotic dangers on previous voyages, and had yet to see how severe Skull Island's dangers were, but was determined to protect his beautiful Ann at all costs.[Chapter 8] (One week later – October 12 th , 1933) The watchman was in his crow's nest on a dreary day. Josuke Suzuki was his name. This man, of foreign Japanese descent, had only an average body build but had the observation and sight skills of a Samurai on top of a wall. Standing instead of sitting, as usual, Mr. Suzuki kept a sharp eye out for the destination that Captain Englehorn and Jack Driscoll had told him about. From what Mr. Suzuki remembered, the first thing he was looking out for was the vast system of fog. And lo, he the spotted gigantic clouds of fog on the ocean waters. \"Fog,\" Mr. Suzuki whispered to himself. He then screamed out, \"CAPTAIN, FOG AHEAD! WE FOUND THE ISLAND!\" Jack, Briggs, Englehorn heard Mr. Suzuki from inside the captain's headquarters, and Englehorn was the first to speak, \"Jack, reduce the shipping speed to slow. Briggs, go out and tell Mr. Suzuki to keep an eye out for the jagged rocks Denham told us about.\" \"Aye, captain,\" Jack and Briggs both complied. Jack pulled the lever on the shipping speed control and Briggs went outside to talk to Mr. Suzuki. \"MR. SUZUKI!\" Briggs shouted up to the Japanese watchman, once outside. \"CAPTAIN ENGLEHORN SAYS KEEP AN EYE OUT FOR THE JAGGED ROCKS!\" \"Aye, Briggs!\" Josuke answered. He reached into his pocket, took out his trusty pair of black binoculars, and looked through them for any rocks. Once Briggs was back inside the captain's headquarters, Englehorn told him, \"Briggs, dim the lights for me please.\" \"Aye, captain,\" Briggs complied as he dimmed the lights so Englehorn could see better as he steered the ship. Englehorn then gave a second order to Jack, \"Jack, go get Helstrom. Tell him he's got to drop anchor once the fog lifts. I want him on deck in advance.\" \"Roger that, captain,\" Jack agreed. Jack knew where the anchorman Duke Helstrom usually hung out in his spare time. The furnaces. He made his way down there to find the heavyset, sweaty brown-haired man playing a game of cards with a group of other sailors. \"Helstrom,\" Jack called. Helstrom looked at the first mate without saying anything. Jack continued, \"We're approaching the island. Englehorn wants you on deck now. He says you've got to drop anchor once the fog lifts.\" \"Aye, Jack,\" Helstrom responded in his low-baritone, troll-esque voice. The big man grunted as he stood and shook the floor with heavy footsteps behind Jack as he followed him upstairs. Helstrom was well over six feet tall and weighed around 300 pounds, but had the most massive, muscular arms out of any crewman on the ship. He was presumed to be strong enough to take down a professional sumo wrestler, so Englehorn was wise in choosing him as the anchorman. When Jack was back near the captain's headquarters, he saw Stu and Harold hanging by the ship railing and told them, \"Stu, Harold, Mr. Suzuki's up there watching out for the jagged rocks. I want you guys to be mediators. Whatever Mr. Suzuki tells you he sees, tell us immediately so we know which directions to steer. Do it for Ann.\" \"For Ann, Jack,\" Stu smiled. \"For Ann,\" Harold parroted. Jack smiled, then shouted up to Mr. Suzuki, \"MR. SUZUKI, STU AND HAROLD ARE DOWN HERE! WHEN YOU SEE ANY ROCKS, TELL THEM IMMEDIATELY! THEN THEY'LL TELL US SO WE KNOW WHICH DIRECTIONS TO STEER!\" \"Got it, Jack!\" Mr. Suzuki answered from his crow's nest, still looking through binoculars. Once Jack got back inside the captain's headquarters, Englehorn asked him, \"You asked Stu and Harold to serve as mediators? We usually give them more low key tasks than that.\" \"Well, captain, they happened to be standing right outside as I was coming back, had to get them to do something,\" Jack explained. \"They seem to have become much more productive with Ann on this ship anyway.\" \"On second thought, yes, I have observed that,\" Englehorn mentioned. \"STRAIGHT TEN FATHOMS, 45 DEGREE RIGHT TURN!\" Mr. Suzuki's voice echoed. Then Stu rushed into the room and repeated, \"Straight ten fathoms, then make a 45-degree right turn, Mr. Suzuki said!\" \"Jack, make sure somebody's counting the fathoms, and tell Harold to get the readings for us,\" Englehorn ordered him. Jack went outside and saw a tall and skinny goateed sailor, Long John Callaghan, holding an anchor-like rope instrument in the water. Jack called out to him, \"Long John, count the fathoms down from 10 to 0!\" \"Aye, Jack!\" Long John answered. \"Harold, give us the readings immediately as Long John counts,\" Jack told Harold. The sailor silently nodded in response. As soon as Jack got back inside the headquarters, Long John almost immediately shouted out, \"NINE FATHOMS!\" Harold then rushed in and repeated, \"Nine fathoms, Long John said!\" \"Nine fathoms,\" Englehorn muttered to himself, tensely grasping the steering wheel. For about ten minutes straight, the crewmen continued shouting navigation orders amongst themselves. Toward the end of it, Halden lead Ann to the front deck, saying, \"Ann, come with me. Mr. Denham wants to get a shot of you as we arrive to the island.\" \"Now, he wants to film me now?\" Ann asked. \"Sure, why not? That's why we're here,\" Halden told her. Once on the front deck, as the Venture continued navigating through the fog and jagged rocks, Gary filmed Ann as Carl gave director's orders. \"You're feeling uneasy, Ann. The feeling's growing, it's washing over you. You're trembling Ann. You're overwhelmed. Look up slowly, Ann. That's it. You can't look away. It scares you. You're helpless. You wanna scream, but your throat's paralyzed. There's just once chance if you could try to scream. Try to scream, Ann. Try. Throw your arms across your eyes and scream. SCREAM ANN, SCREAM FOR YOUR LIFE!\" \"AAAAAAAAHHHH!\" Ann shrieked, throwing her arms over her eyes. \"HRAAAAAAAAAAOOOOOOAAAOOOAAAAWRR!\" a distant, ghastly roar echoed in response to Ann's scream from afar. It was like a low-pitched monkey scream combined with the traditional monster's roar. Carl continued filming throughout the roar, but everyone else on the ship was paralyzed with silence, until the fog lifted and the island was seen. The island was broad with a vast, skull-shaped cave entrance, and bits of jungle vegetation made visible behind it. Captain Englehorn stepped outside his headquarters and loudly announced, \"WE FOUND THE ISLAND! PREPARE TO DROP ANCHOR!\" Helstrom nodded, having heard the announcement from afar, and tossed the heavy ship anchor into the water with a great heave. As the ship stopped, Helstrom headed back down to the furnace, saying to himself, \"My work here is done.\" \"Ann, what happened, is everything okay?\" Jack frantically asked as he rushed out onto the deck where she, Carl, Gary, and Halden were. \"Oh, we were just filming… and um… Mr. Denham told me to scream, and then there was this terrible roar,\" Ann shakily explained. \"I think it came from the island.\" Jack glared at Carl, who nervously smiled and said, \"We found the island, Jack.\" Jack swiftly approached Carl, pulled him up close by the shirt and interrogated him, \"So tell me, Denham, what do you think she's really going to see when we get to the island? Huh? What was the monster who made that roar?\" \"Jack,\" Englehorn calmly interjected, prompting his first mate to release Carl. The captain then spoke to Carl, saying, \"Mr. Denham, are you sure we should go to that island? We could go to Indonesia instead like you initially planned?\" \"Are you crazy, Englehorn?!\" Carl boisterously responded. \"This is it! This is the hidden island I spent eight weeks searching for!\" \"You know, Denham, I think Englehorn has a point,\" Jack interjected. \"This does seem a bit more extreme than, say, our past voyages to South America, Africa, Asia, and Australia. Although, our ship has traveled 12,000 miles, so she needs some rest, and then\"- \"And then what?! I didn't come 12,000 miles on your stinking ship to give up now!\" Carl insulted Jack and Englehorn. \"I'm landing on that island if it kills me!\" \"Well, if that's what he wants, Jack, then I suggest we let him go,\" Englehorn said. \"Agreed,\" Jack replied. \"Mr. Denham, why don't you take your film crew and some of Englehorn's men and explore the island to find out what's there, then maybe I'll come tomorrow,\" Ann suggested. \"No, Ann, you're my leading lady and I want you on that island with me TO-DAY!\" Carl demanded. \"It's part of the deal we made, remember? You do whatever I say.\" \"You know what, if Miss Darrow goes to the island, then I'll go with her,\" Jack proposed. \"Jack, don't be a fool, don't follow Denham to his death,\" Englehorn implored. \"If Carl wasn't taking Ann, I'd let him go, but Ann is special to me and I feel the need to protect her,\" Jack told his captain. \"Besides, Denham's motley crew could use an authority figure from our ship to guide him.\" \"I'll fill in for Jack while he's gone, captain,\" Briggs offered. Englehorn sighed, placed a hand on one of Jack's broad shoulders and quietly said, \"Whatever's on that island, come back alive, will ya?\" \"I'll try,\" Jack answered. \"ANY OTHER VOLUNTEERS TO ACCOMPANY DENHAM'S CREW TO THE ISLAND?!\" Englehorn shouted out. Stu and Harold ran up in front of Englehorn and bowed, saying, \"At your service, captain!\" Following them were two more sailors, Long John Callaghan and a muscular Hispanic sailor named Manny Delgado. Nigel, Penn, and Theodore were the next men to arrive, and Carl eagerly said, \"Alright, Englehorn, get us a boat ready and we set sail to the island.\" Within another ten minutes, Jack, Ann, Carl, Halden, Gary, Penn, Nigel, Theodore, Stu, Harold, Long John, and Manny were all sailing to shore on a large rowboat. Thus, Mr. Denham's adventure on Skull Island began. A grand adventure for him, but a sure nightmare for the rest.[Chapter 9] On the shore of Skull Island, and through the rocky caverns, contained not only a skull-shaped entrance, but decaying human skeletons that were sure symbols of either death or life in death. There was a lingering sense of danger, stronger than the one aroused by the echoing roar that was heard from the ship. This new and stronger sense of danger haunted everyone present, everyone except Mr. Denham of course. The greedy film director had Gary stop about every five to ten seconds to film the skeletons that sat across the cave walls. Ann was accompanied by eleven men, who were all much stronger than her, but would they be strong enough to protect her from whatever dangers they were bound to face? Whatever happened to the skeletons sitting in the caverns? What would become of her and the others? What man, woman, child or beast would kill them? Would their skeletons be decorated on the cave walls with the others? \"Jack, are you sure you can't tell Mr. Denham to turn back?\" Ann nervously asked Jack. \"Well, he's a stubborn old thickhead, he can't be reasoned with on this, just gotta hope we can get out of here alive,\" Jack silently replied to her. \"I can hear what you're saying, ANN and JACK, just FYI,\" Carl said, annoyed. \"Come now, this is the chance of a lifetime, we're on the legendary Skull Island. Plus, you get to be in a Carl Denham picture. What else do you want?\" \"I want to get our butts back to ship, that's what I want,\" Jack firmly answered. \"You know, for once, I actually agree with Jack,\" Theodore commented. \"Theodore, I get it, you're an actor and you've never been faced with anything real like this before,\" Carl considered. Then he turned to Jack and said, \"But Jack, come on, tough guy, you've been to all kinds of wild, crazy places.\" \"Not like this, Denham,\" Jack argued. \"We do live animal capture for zoos and circuses around the world, Mr. Denham, not death scene investigations,\" Manny added in his thick, Hispanic accent. \"Come on Manny, what about Dia de los Muertes?\" Carl asked. Manny just glared at him in response, so Carl just said, \"Okay, come on, let's go everybody. We'll try to find something less spooky. Follow me.\" Carl continued his way through the caverns, and everyone else followed. Ann tensely clung to Jack's arm for a sense of security, and he led her along with Carl and the others. Within about thirty seconds, Carl's party was out of the caverns and making their way through rocky passage ways and bridges that connected platforms and plateaus. Eventually, there were faint sounds of primitive chanting and music in the distance. \"Did you hear that, fellas?\" Carl asked. \"We must be nearing a native civilization.\" \"Leave them be, we don't know how they are,\" Jack warned Carl. \"And what about those skeletons in the caverns, what if we end up like them?\" Ann added. \"Jack, Ann, come on, it's not like we're going to walk up to those savages and say, 'Hey, how do you do?' I just want to see if I can get 'em on camera from a distance,\" Carl explained. \"And then what are you gonna make me film, Carl?\" Gary nervously asked. \"Just relax, Gary,\" Carl answered. \"We'll see what we can find as we go along.\" Carl's party continued, until they reached a small promontory that was decorated with two skull-topped wooden pillars. Straight ahead was a vast stone wall with two large wooden doors. Down below were the natives, crowds of dark-skinned men, women, and children chanting, \"Kong! Kong! Kong! Kong! Kong! Kong! Kong!\" BOOM! On the seventh \"Kong,\" large drums were beaten with circular-tipped sticks, and then the crowd started their seven Kong chants again. Logs and wooden stumps were tapped on for percussion to the chants, and foreign windpipe instrumentals were played in the background. \"Kong?\" Gary muttered to himself. He then asked Carl, \"Is that the creature you told us about last week when Mr. Driscoll came into our editing session?\" \"What is this Kong creature?\" Ann inquired. \"Never mind, Ann,\" Jack soothed. \"Look, there's a girl!\" Halden exclaimed, pointing to the left. \"Halden, shush, do you want to get us killed?!\" Carl hissed. \"Sorry, Carl, but look,\" Halden whispered. Everyone turned to Halden's left to see four muscular native men carrying a cot. On that cot was an adolescent native girl, presumably around 17 or 18 years old. She was beautiful with long, silky black hair, black eye liner, and lush pink lips. Her sacrificial garments revealed broad cleavage, wide hips, round hind and thick thighs. Her bikini top and skirt bottom were made of black cloth. The straps of her top were connected to a black cloth neck collar that was held together by a circular instrument made of gold that had a hole in the middle. Her earrings were also made of gold, but were carved in the shape of skulls. She was a fair sight to look upon, yet she looked so despondent with eyes closed in evident grief. \"Poor young lady, she looks so miserable,\" Ann commented. \"Of course she's miserable, Ann, this is preparation ritual for a human sacrifice,\" Carl told her. \"That's what I was trying to tell Halden to keep his loud mouth from giving us away.\" \"Sorry, Carl,\" Halden apologized. Ignoring Halden, Carl told Gary, \"Gary, get this on camera. Keep it centered on the girl and pan slowly as they move her by.\" \"Got it Carl,\" Gary said as he set up the camera and began filming the native sacrifice. \"You're just going to film her, Carl?\" Ann asked, perplexed and offended. \"Moments like this are gold, Ann,\" Carl told her. \"You're unbelievable, I knew I shouldn't have followed you here!\" Ann hissed. She then asked Jack, \"Jack, you, Stu, Harold, Long John and Manny have rifles. Can't you shoot down the natives and save that girl.\" \"I'm afraid we can't do that Ann, it's the Circle of Life,\" Jack explained. \"I don't agree with it, but I guess it's just one of their tribe rituals. Besides, we're outnumbered by far, and I'm not looking to declare a war with this\"- \"HYAAHH! HERRAHHH! HAHHH!\" Jack's words were interrupted as a group of the tribe's men, bodies heavily packed with muscle and faces painted in white, ambushed the entire group. They disarmed Jack and the other sailors of their rifles and Carl's film crew of their equipment. Within just ten seconds, Jack, Ann, Carl, Halden, Gary, Penn, Nigel, Theodore, Stu, Harold, Long John, and Manny were all restrained in the brawny arms of the native men and violently escorted down into the village. \"FWROOOOOOO!\" A loud horn was blown by one of the white face-painted native men as he and his comrades brought Carl's part before the chief. \"Shu gon da femi!\" the chief ordered those who were carrying the girl on the cot. They moved her aside as Carl's crew was violently thrown down at his feet and restrained with pointed spears. The chief then shouted another order to his son, \"Faraji, po higa!\" Faraji came forward and stood on the left hand of his father. He was around 6'5 feet in height and looked more muscular than each one of the men that subdued Carl's crew. He wore no face paint, but still looked majestic with his broad build, chin beard, and long black dreadlocks. He looked very concerned for the foreigners that were brought upon his father. Faraji's father, the chief, looked more intimidating. He was old with long, graying dreadlocks and a full beard, but still looked muscular for a man his age. On his head was the upper half of what looked like the skull of some kind of dragon that had devil-like horns on its head. On his back was a long and broad cape made of black cloth. Around his waist was a long cloth, which was not actually cloth, but severed, black furry skin from an unknown, deceased mammal. A small, toothpick-like piece of wood went through the sides of his nose, and he glared at Jack, Ann, Carl, and the others through his sharp, severe gray eyes. \"Chieftain, please, we mean you no harm,\" Carl desperately pleaded. \"Hada, da musko shi se domi no ruco,\" Faraji translated to his father. \"Trog se wak se exo presa,\" the chief demanded his son. \"My father wants to know what you are doing here,\" Faraji told Carl. \"We're just making a movie here, not looking to disturb anybody,\" Carl replied. \"Se mu hamge ut \"movie\" presa, no sige nusa asemboxar,\" Faraji translated again. \"Movie? Se ako wi-wong intuga, bi sige luksha vira un asemboxar!\" the chief snapped. \"My father does not know what a movie is, none of us know, but he thinks that you were spying on us through your wind-up instrument,\" Faraji said. \"Oh, that was my camera... um… when I use it, my uh… my camera… sees whatever is happening… take place… and then I can watch those moments again and again and show it to other people,\" Carl explained. \"Chu wi-wong intuga nimong ut 'camera,' bi oke nanduga shan trampo, chu akan oke repa shi repa shi revko broman foktar,\" Faraji explained to his father. \"Revko broman foktar? Wak dun?\" the chief sternly inquired. \"He wants to know what you are showing it to other people for,\" Faraji paraphrased. \"Um, just for fun,\" Carl replied. \"Mu dun amukse,\" Faraji said to his father. The chief scowled at Carl incredulously, and Carl stammered, \"Uh-uh, chief, sir, I-I-I understand that um, uh-this is your land. Meh-meh-maybe you don't take kindly to-to foreigners, but-but um, w-w-we'll be outta here once we're done and we'll never bother you again. If-if-if there's anything we can do to-um, to-um, prove our worth. We-we-we'll do it.\" \"Chu shi se tsen vangar kwan se fino, repa nukshi nusa asemboxar gandalar,\" Faraji said, trying to reason with his father through Carl. \"Repa chu shi quutun provishar mytoban se ablo exo mik vado se prog, se exo.\" The chief looked at Ann, stroked his beard, and sternly said, \"Asemboxar aquidan lugar, zovinde no embramke. Asemboxar ixtu zovinde ut luba; vangar, tal mor kshan Tore Kong! Kong panmo nusa bringlar. Asemboxar urrko tran chu ut sambingofan. Consiga, dit aquidan ut luba. Tran mei da yanglar-prish femi repa mei relqua dit vangar repa hamge dit movie, tal mor kshan Tore Kong, dit sholhugar! Repa asemboxar hamge bonfuiga repa arche dit posire rin qup-dungei!\" Carl's party felt tense with nerve-wracking as the noticed the angry tone toward the chief's voice. Even Faraji paused and sighed for a moment, before telling the group, \"We have rules. Outsiders are not welcome. We give outsiders a choice; leave, or die by King Kong. Kong was disturbed today. We must give him a sacrifice. However, you have a choice. Give the golden-haired woman over to my father, and he will let the rest of you go to make your movie. The other option is, all of you die by King Kong, and we make a bonfire to burn all of your belongings after the twelfth person is sacrificed.\" Ann felt horrified. She knew she would not be leaving the village either way. Either the chief would have his way with her, or everyone else would die with her at the hands of King Kong. There was a tragedy bound to happen, and she couldn't help but feel that she was to blame for it. What would her eleven men do? Would they give her up or become sacrifices to Kong with her? What would the chief do with her? Keep her as a bride? A slave? Replace the girl on the cot with her as a sacrifice in her stead? Her life flashed before her eyes. What if she never agreed to become Carl Denham's leading lady? What if she just found employment elsewhere? Whatever she would have done instead, she would never have landed herself in such a predicament on Skull Island. But it was too late. There was no going back and changing anything. A tragedy was bound to happen. \"Penn, we can think of a better plot line, let's surrender Ann and just go on filming the rest of the island,\" Carl heartlessly suggested. \"Carl?!\" Ann and Penn freaked out. \"No!\" Jack snapped. He bravely stood up and said to the chief, \"You will NOT take Ann from us, and if you don't like it, then kill us all with your cursed Kong creature!\" Penn, Gary, Nigel, Theodore, Stu, Harold, Long John, and Manny all stood up with Jack. Carl stood up slowly, embarrassed by his previous error and desperate for even the slightest redemption of his reputation amongst his comrades. Faraji sighed in grief, knowing they would all die. The chief did not know English, but he could nevertheless tell that Jack and the others were unwilling to surrender Ann. He was enraged. \"RRRRAAAAAAAAAAAAGHHHHH!\" the chief screamed. He then commanded his men. \"Fushar da yanglar-prish femi! Bokon da remdos fuei!\" Thunder roared, lightning flashed, and heavy rain fell as the natives began to subdue Ann and the others. Two of the white face-painted native men grabbed Ann by the arms and began hauling her away as she cried out, \"NO! JACK!\" More white face-painted native men came out from behind the chief with small club-like weapons, baring their teeth and glaring menacingly. Jack quickly looked away from them and frantically shouted, \"ANN!\" He tried to run toward her, but one of the natives charged from behind and BAM! Jack was struck over the head and fell to the floor, knocked out cold. Ann opened her mouth with breathy sobs of shock and sadness. As she was hauled away, she could only watch as Carl and the other conscious men fought back against the natives. They fought tooth and nail, punching and kicking, but to no avail as the natives overpowered and knocked each one of them out cold. Carl first, Stu second, Penn third, Gary fourth, Long John fifth, Harold sixth, Nigel seventh, Theodore eighth, and Manny ninth. Only one of them managed to escape, and that was Halden. \"YOU'LL NEVER GET ME ALIVE!\" Halden screamed as three natives chased after him through the village exit. Having mastered a black belt in taekwondo as a child, Halden was able to miraculously fight his way through the natives and make a run for the ship. The natives were fast, having naturally become physically fit from the tasks on their island, but Halden was faster, having run track and cross country during his grade school years. The natives chased Halden back through the bridges and passageways that connected the rocky plateaus and platforms from whence he came along with Denham's crew, and he would not wear out. Once back in the skull caverns, Halden grabbed and threw some skeletons back at his chasers to slow them down. The swift film director's assistant ultimately made it to shore and paused at the large rowboat that he travelled on with the others. Thinking fast, he realized that the boat was much too big for him to row himself. With the three natives storming out of the skull cavern after him, he had no other choice but to run, fully clothed, into the water and swim all the way back to the ship. The ship stood about several miles off and it would surely be a very long swim back to the ship. Fortunately, Halden had incredible swimming skills from his time on his high school swimming team. Halden rocketed through the waters, determined to make it back to the ship alive, but the natives followed in hot pursuit with remarkable swimming skills of their own. The rain poured violently on the ocean waters as Halden and his chasers splashed their way through. If Halden could escape the hell that he had gotten himself into, could he, Englehorn and his crew be a source of salvation to the others?[Chapter 10] Several hours passed, night had fallen on the Venture, and Carl's crew had still not returned from the island. Captain Englehorn paced around nervously on deck, like a tiger in its cage, worrying that something could have gone wrong. It was not Carl he was worried about. Carl was an imbecile. Englehorn was most concerned about his first mate, Jack. He also worried about Long John and Manny, and even Stu and Harold. Englehorn never liked losing his men. Englehorn did not care much about Denham's film crew, for he viewed them as partakers of his foolishness. Theodore was just another conceited actor in the captain's eyes as well. However, Englehorn did find Ann to be a very pleasant young woman. How would he live with the guilt of bringing a lady like her to a deadly uncharted island that could potentially claim her life? How could he have been so foolish to allow Mr. Denham into manipulating him into steering his crew to Skull Island? What was wrong with Indonesia? Why couldn't Carl have filmed there instead? Who was to blame for all of this, Denham, or Englehorn himself? Either way, Englehorn just wanted Miss Darrow and his five missing men back. Up in the crow's nest, Mr. Suzuki was still on the lookout for the return of Carl's crew. Through his binoculars, he saw Halden afar off, struggling through the waters with three of the Skull Island natives in pursuit. The eleven other people that had gone ashore with Halden were nowhere to be seen, but Mr. Suzuki cared enough to save Halden and perhaps escape Skull Island with him back safely on the ship. The watchman looked down at Englehorn from his crow's nest and screamed, \"CAPTAIN! HALDEN'S OUT IN THE WATER! THE NATIVES ARE AFTER HIM! DO SOMETHING!\" \"Halden out in the water?!\" Englehorn shouted incredulously in response. Mr. Suzuki dropped his binoculars so that Englehorn could catch them. Once they were in the captain's hands, he looked through them, straight ahead, and saw just what Mr. Suzuki had seen. \"Great Scott. BRIGGS!\" \"Yes, captain?\" Briggs responded. \"Take some men, some firearms, and a lifeboat and try to get Halden out of the water!\" Englehorn ordered. \"Straight ahead, afar off, the natives are chasing him.\" \"Aye, captain!\" Briggs complied. He then gave a sharp whistle and called out, \"Helstrom, get me a lifeboat ready!\" \"Aye, Briggs!\" Helstrom agreed. \"Joe, Pierre, Peek, Perrault, Stefano, Giuseppe, each of you get a gun and meet me at the lifeboat!\" Briggs ordered. Gustavo's sons, Stefano and Giuseppe, along with four other sailors present on deck, Joe, Pierre, Peek, and Perrault, all rushed to the gun storage room immediately. Meanwhile, Halden was breathing heavily and splashing his tired limbs through the water. His three native chasers were wearing down as well, but still determined to bring him back to the village so that he may be sacrificed to Kong with the others. The ship was still several hundred feet off, but Halden's life was too precious for him to give up. He would either make it back or die trying. Halden may have been a faster swimmer, but the natives' stamina was just a tad bit higher. They were gaining on him, closer, and closer, and closer, and the first one was about to grab onto him until… BARK! CHOMP! A massive, light brown fur seal emerged from the water and pounced down on that first native, jaws first, drowning him in the water. Halden glanced back, wheezed in fright, and weakly flailed his strained arms and legs. The other two natives turned back and tried to swim back to shore, but the second one was caught and torn limb from limb by four more fur seals, and the third one's head went all the way into the mouth of a single fur seal that dragged him down into the ocean water. Halden looked back as another fur seal emerged and swam after him. \"No, AH!\" Halden weakly screamed. He tried flailing his arms and legs to swim faster, but it was no use as he ran out of energy and sank into the waters. The hungry fur seal descended under the waters after the sinking film director's assistant, closing in on him with open jaws. Once it got close enough, the seal was about to clamp its sharp teeth on Halden's neck, until… BOOM! A bullet from Briggs' pistol ripped into the water and penetrated through the seal's head, killing it. \"Hold my gun,\" Briggs said, handing his pistol to Joe, a short and skinny bald sailor with a beard of grayish stubble on his face. Briggs boldly dove into the water and darted down after Halden, successfully grabbing hold of him and pulling him back up above the water. Both men let out a deep gasp for air, and Halden coughed, once back up above the water. Before they could turn back toward the boat, the whole pack of fur seals was rapidly swimming toward them. Some of them had already had teeth and lips stained from the blood of the three natives, but they were hungry for more. The closest ones opened their ravenous jaws, but before they could go in for the kill, Joe and the other sailors on Briggs' rescue boat opened fire. Three fur seals were killed and the others fled in fear. Briggs swam Halden back to his rescue boat, and once they were both on, Briggs asked him, \"Halden, where are Jack and the others?\" \"Well… we went to the island, and\"- Halden breathily began. \"Doggone it, Halden, I KNOW you went to the island!\" Briggs interrupted. \"I want to know what happened to Jack and everyone else!\" \"Oh, well Jack and the other men… were either knocked out or killed, I don't know… but they were whacked over the heads with these little baseball bat… things,\" Halden wheezed. \"What about Ann?\" Briggs questioned. \"They just dragged her off,\" Halden moaned. \" Who dragged her off?\" Briggs inquired. \"The natives,\" Halden exhaustively replied. \"They're gonna sacrifice her to some monster named Kong. The chief said he was gonna sacrifice all of us if we didn't give him Ann.\" \"Then Jack and the others are still alive, they've got to be,\" Briggs reasoned. \"They were probably just knocked out. The natives must be holding them hostage and planning to sacrifice them next after Ann. Row us back to the ship, boys. We've got to tell Englehorn about this.\" Once Captain Englehorn saw Briggs and his six men rowing Halden back to the ship, through Mr. Suzuki's binoculars, he looked up at his watchman and shouted, \"MR. SUZUKI! THEY'VE GOT HIM! THE RESCUE WAS A SUCCESS! THANKS FOR THE CATCH!\" \"You're welcome, captain!\" Mr. Suzuki answered. Once Briggs and his men were back on the ship with Halden, Englehorn repeated Briggs' earlier question to Halden, \"Halden, where are Jack and the others?\" \"The natives captured them, they're gonna sacrifice Ann to some monster named Kong,\" Halden replied with a slight moan. He was still tired from the long swim but gradually starting to regain his strength and energy. \"Jack and the others are being kept as prisoners, they're going to be next after Ann,\" Briggs added. \"Captain, I don't know if we can get to Ann, but we've got to go to the island, rescue whom we can, and then get the heck out of here.\" \"Briggs, assemble the rest of the crew and get them ready to set sail, all hands are going ashore!\" Englehorn ordered. \"Aye, captain!\" Briggs complied. He then cupped his hands around his mouth and shouted, \"ALL HANDS ARE GOING ASHORE!\" Mr. Suzuki began climbing down from his crow's nest, and other sailors on Briggs' floor ran across the deck and into the gun storage room. Briggs ran up and down all the floors and into all the rooms of the ship, shouting, \"ALL HANDS GOING ASHORE! ALL HANDS GOING ASHORE! ALL HANDS GOING ASHORE!\" Within a few minutes, the entire crew was armed and loaded into four lifeboats. Everyone was going ashore; even the exhausted Halden, the young Freddy, the meek and mild Gustavo, and the heavyset anchorman Helstrom. The island was a few miles off, but there was an orange glow emitting from behind the skull-shaped cavern entrance and into the night sky. The sacrifice had begun. Help was on the way, but would they make it in time? Would they make it alive?[Chapter 11] Ann sat, pretzel-legged and drugged, on the same cot that the larger, adolescent native girl had sat on earlier. She wore the exact same sacrificial garments as her, only smaller to suit her slender, curvaceous frame. Four white face-painted native men held her up high at the village entrance. Crowds of native men, women, and children carried torches, anticipating for their nightmares to be suppressed by the offering of Ann. Ten native elders stood before Ann and her carriers. They almost looked like the Grim Reaper's henchmen with top halves of large bird skulls on their heads, black hooded capes, faces painted in ice blue and white, and silver skull buckles to the robes of their black mammal skin waist cloths. In front of them, they held tall brown walking sticks that matched their heights. The elders gave Ann a glare of death, lifted their staffs, slammed them back to the ground and then gave their first chant, \"KONG!\" They did it again. \"KONG!\" And again. \"KONG!\" And again. \"KONG!\" And again. \"KONG!\" And again. \"KONG!\" And again. \"KONG!\" The elders began slamming their sticks and giving their \"Kong\" chants faster and faster as the rest of the villagers chimed in. Soon enough, the elders were slamming their sticks, simultaneous to their Kong chants. The speeding of the chants stopped at a fix rhythm as Africa-sounding windpipe instruments were blown in the air with the loud bang of a gong on top of a village wall. Hands drummed on logs and wooden stumps provided percussion to the chants as the village elders stepped aside for Ann to be carried through the crowd. \"KONG! KONG! KONG! KONG! KONG! KONG! KONG!\" the natives chanted. BANG! The large gong was struck with the African windpipes loudly blown. This was all done again and again as Ann was carried through the village. Women sang in demonic falsetto voices, and men gave thick chest-rumbling shouts. People rolled their eyes into the back of their heads while shaking their bodies and dancing in peculiar ways. Eventually, Ann was brought before three village hags standing in front of the chief, and her cot was laid down before them. Smiling evilly, the hags let out a ghastly, witch-like scream. \"YAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH!\" In a secondary, cursing dialect of her native language, the hag on Ann's left menacingly growled, \"Larri yu sanno korre!\" She then splashed a foul liquid on her left cheek with a small paintbrush-like instrument. \"Kweh yone, kah'weh ad-larr!\" the hag on Ann's right barked, splashing the same foul liquid on her right cheek. \"Tore Kong!\" the hag in the center roared, splashing the foul liquid on Ann's forehead. The three hags stepped aside as the chief approached Ann with a brown, woven necklace that had three small skulls and several long porcupine quills. He placed it over Ann's comatose head and around her neck, smiling and speaking to her in his cursing dialect, \"Kweh nore dahah ad-larr. Kong-ka.\" The chief then stepped aside, lifted his staff toward the vast village gates and screamed, \"HRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH!\" A large, horizontal wooden bar was pulled out from its holders on the village gates to unlock them. Atop high platforms on the side of each wooden gate door, there was a rusty wooden lever. Two strong native men pushed the levers around in circles, opening the gates. Once the gates were fully opened, Ann's carriers lifted her cot and carried her outside to a rocky cliff, about 25 feet high, with underdeveloped grass. Setting Ann's cot down behind two bulky wooden pillars, the carriers lifted her up and stood her in between the two pillars. With thick ropes, they tied Ann by the wrists to each pillar. Ann stood at the cliff before the deep dark jungles of Skull Island, drugged and tied up, as her carriers took the cot and departed back inside the village gates. Once the doors were closed, loud baritone windpipes were melodically played into the air along with the falsetto African windpipes. The natives seemingly went into hysteria as the rhythm of their music and chants grew twice as fast. Young men and women were jumping around and dancing. People were screaming, barking, and wailing. More gongs were rhythmically banged. Behind the village wall, the natives knocked away wooden plugs and poured flaming oil that eroded its way through channels and pools that had been carved into the wall. FLASH! Fire lit up in the carved chambers of the wall, creating two backlit pagan faces behind Ann. (Afar Off into the Jungle) A gigantic, 50-foot bipedal figure, shadowed by the night sky, saw the village walls lit from afar off as he heard the chanting and instrumentals of the natives. Another sacrifice was prepared just for him. The mysterious creature bared his teeth and gave two chest rumbling roars, \"RRAAAAGHHHHRRUR! RAAGHHRUR!\" He began stomping his way through the jungle, to the village walls, ready to claim his next victim. He silently growled and grunted to himself as he moved along, occasionally knocking trees out of his way. Giant gliding lizards frantically flew out of his path, monkeys scurried into their trees, and ground possums buried themselves in their burrowing holes to avoid his wrath. Forest mammoths embraced their cowering calves with their trunks and iguanodons guarded their nests as the creature passed by. Even hunting packs of saber-tooth tigers and raptors paused tensely at the sight of the fearsome behemoth. (Inside a Hut Near the Village Entrance) Jack, Carl, Gary, Penn, Nigel, Theodore, Stu, Harold, Long John, and Manny all sat, tightly tied together, against a tall and broad wooden post. Jack was desperately squirmed to try and free himself from the ropes so that he could potentially get to Ann, or die trying, before the natives' monster could take her. The others sat still in despair, knowing that they could not be freed. \"Ain't no use, Jack, these ropes are mighty tight, we're stuck,\" Stu told him. \"Poor Miss Darrow, I wish we could do something for her,\" Harold sighed. \"I wonder what happened to Halden, hope he's still alive,\" Carl said. \"Oh, so you wanted to give up Ann earlier to save your greedy fat hind, but now you care about poor Halden?\" Jack asked sarcastically. \"He's my assistant, Jack! Assistants don't grow on trees!\" Carl hissed. The long straw at the hut entrance rustled as Faraji entered in, carrying a bundle of spears on his back, and the crew's film equipment and rifles under both arms. After setting the film equipment and rifles down, he took out a dagger and slowly approached the tied-up men. They remained silent and intimidated, until Long John opened his mouth and spoke. \"Lemme guess, Ann's dead and one of us is next?!\" Long John contemptuously asked. \"Shhh! No, I am setting you free,\" Faraji whispered. \"What?\" all ten men simultaneously asked. \"Setting us free?\" Gary inquired. \"Shhh! Yes,\" Faraji assured them as he cut the ropes loose with his dagger. As all ten men stood up to stretch their backs and limbs, Faraji explained, \"I learned English from a British family that got stranded here. I secretly bonded with them for five years, until my father found out. He had his men capture them, and they were all sacrificed to Kong. I want now, to help whomever I can avoid that fate. Hurry now, I must get you out of here.\" \"But we want to save Ann, the golden-haired woman that your father wanted from us,\" Jack told the native. \"It is too dangerous, and we may not get to her in time before Kong arrives,\" Faraji warned. \"There are also severe penalties for interfering with sacrifices.\" \"She's the love of my life, and I say we get her back or die trying,\" Jack argued. \"Can't you find a way to sneak us around?\" Faraji paused for a moment, and then beckoned Jack and the others, \"Follow me.\" After the men gathered their rifles and film equipment, Faraji led them around the village entrance and beside village walls built out of bamboo sticks. On the outside of the village was dirty ground and a forest of underdeveloped blackish trees. Faraji looked around, and then beckoned the men after him. They all crouched and crawled along the bamboo wall, desperately trying not to make any sounds. Poor Stu was very sensitive to dirt, which tickled his nose. The poor sailor tried so desperately not to sneeze, but to no avail. \"Hatcheh, hatcheh, HAAAACK-CHOO!\" \"Stu!\" Harold hissed, for once annoyed with his friend. \"Keep going, we don't have a choice,\" Faraji instructed. The men kept on crawling for a few more seconds until POW! Several native spear men burst through the bamboo wall in front of them, causing them to jump up in fear. Several dozen more of them came running out of the woods, besieging Faraji and the foreigners. \"Da'shinomei!\" a heavyset, white face-painted spearman cursed, pointing at Faraji. \"No!\" Faraji fearfully protested. Faraji, Jack, and the others had no choice but to ready their weapons. As the spearmen raised their spears to kill them… PT-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T! Many of the spearmen were mowed down by machine gun fire. Sailors from the Venture had come to the aid of their missing men. The fat spearman raised his spear again and roared, but then fell dead to the ground with a bullet to the head from Briggs' pistol. \"Briggs!\" Jack cried. The second mate then approached Faraji, pointing his gun at the native, until Jack stopped him, \"Briggs, no! He's an ally! He helped us escape!\" Briggs looked at Jack, perplexed, but then his gaze shifted through the torn hole in the bamboo wall as Englehorn and the rest of his crew strode through the village. The natives fled in fear as Englehorn and the sailors fired their guns at them. \"Englehorn, over here, we found them!\" Briggs shouted as he led Faraji, Jack, Carl, Gary, Penn, Nigel, Theodore, Stu, Harold, Manny, Long John, and the other sailors through the hole in the bamboo wall. \"You have your men back, Englehorn, now go, hurry!\" Faraji implored. \"But Faraji, you promised to lead us to Ann!\" Jack protested. \"Jack, the native has a point, now let's go!\" Englehorn ordered. \"No! I'm not leaving without Ann!\" Jack defied his captain, racing toward the village gates. \"STOP HIM!\" Englehorn screamed as he and the others chased after Jack. (Outside the Village Gates) Ann began to recover from her drugged state as she found herself tied by the hands between two wooden pillars. Straight ahead of her was the deep, dark jungle. She glanced behind and saw that the walls were lit with fire. The scene intimidated her as she realized that the natives had placed her there as an offering to their mysterious monster, King Kong. Ann's life flashed before her eyes as she worried what would happen when the monster showed up. It was as if the Gates of Hell were opened to her. The night sky was dark and smoky with fiery orange tints from the carved, backlit wall faces, and soon the Devil would arrive and take her down into the profusely flamed abyss. Only there was a deep, dark jungle ahead of her instead of a literal Hell. The beast to whom she was offered was not the Devil, but a mysterious, unidentified monstrous creature. Whatever that thing was, it had to be the most intimidating and disturbing creature on Skull Island. After hearing its roar, in response to her loud scream from the ship, the last thing Ann wanted to see was its ugly, menacing face. Much less be brutally killed by that creature. \"ANN!\" she heard Jack's voice scream out. \"JACK, HELP ME!\" Ann cried out in response. \"SHE'S STILL THERE, OPEN THE GATES!\" Jack ordered. Behind the wall, several sailors removed the gate bar, and Jack and Harold turned the levers to open the doors. Once the doors were opened, Ann was exposed to the crew, tied up at the cliff. Before anyone could proceed, the entire crew was immediately silenced by a deep, unearthly roar, \"MWRAAAAAAAOOOOOORR!\" Faraji's heart sank. He knew exactly where that roar came from. Many sailors stood silent and trembling. Jack raced to the open gates, but Faraji grabbed him, covered his mouth and pulled him behind an open door to protect him. Ann's heart pounded like a child's running footsteps as she realized that the beast as near. Her whole body trembled, soaking with sweat, and she let out shaky pants of consternation. Even Ann's wavy blonde hair was soaked from sweat, looking almost as if she came out of the shower. A gigantic, burly figure, with an approximately 50-foot-tall bipedal frame, tore its way through tall trees as it approached Ann. It was King Kong. Kong arrived to take her away. \"AAAAAAAAAHHH!\" Ann let out a shrill, horrified scream as Kong stepped right in front of her with the fiery light exposing his ferocious face. His head and face were like that of a gorilla's, only much more menacing and somewhat grotesque with yellowish vampire teeth, fiery orange eyes, a blood red scar on a left bloodshot eye, and large chimp-like ears. He was not the kind of gorilla that Ann saw in zoos as a child, for he had dark brown fur and brownish gray skin instead of the typical black and silver colors of a silverback. His frame was much like that of a human bodybuilder, only with much longer and hairier arms and an ape-like chest that had three red claw marks on the left pec. This creature was undoubtedly tough, presumably hardened by the dangers of Skull Island, and had a bad temper. Carl marveled at Kong from the center of the open gates, and then beckoned Gary, \"Psst! Hey, Gary! Get over here and film this!\" The camera man reluctantly complied, trembling as he brought his camera forth. He set the tripod on its legs, and began filming Ann's terrifying moment with Kong. Internally, Gary wished he could do something to help Ann, but he knew that such a small human like him would never stand a chance against the mighty King Kong. While fulfilling his director's request, Gary recognized what a greedy slime ball he was and wished he could trade him to get Ann back, and then leave Skull Island alive with the rest of the crew. \"GRRRRRRRRRR!\" The colossal ape let out tiger-like growls through his bared teeth as he examined Ann closely. Ann was helplessly panting, trembling, and sobbing in fear. She wanted to scream out for Jack, but the frightful weeping almost seemed to clog her throat. Kong sniffed her, and then lifted his head toward the sky. \"HRAAAAAAAAAAOOOOOOAAAOOOAAAAWRR!\" Kong beat his massive chest, letting out a ghastly roar. It was the exact same roar that Ann had heard earlier in response to her scream, and now it seemingly haunted her like Bloody Mary. \"NAAAAAAAAAAOOOOOOO!\" Ann wailed. She could not accept that had become prey to a giant monkey monster. She would rather have encountered 500-pound python, or perhaps even a giant tarantula, than the beastly ape titan standing right in front of her. \"JACK HELP!\" Ann looked back and despaired as she saw Carl and Gary filming her. The other sailors were silent as the stars. Nobody was coming to her aid. Not even Jack. She never felt so helpless. SNAP! Ann flinched as Kong effortlessly tore the rope on her right hand with a sharp fingernail. Ann slumped to the ground and kicked her bare feet against the left post, trying to pull out of the rope on her left hand. SNAP! Kong used another sharp fingernail to tear that rope before poor, frightened Ann could. Ann fell back and hit her head on the right post. Before she could get up and run, Kong reached and took hold of her in his massive left hand. \"NO! NAAAAAAHAAA! HELP ME!\" Ann screamed as Kong lifted her to his face. \"No! No-ho! Nuh! Huh! Oh-ho-ho! No-ho! Nuh-ha! No!\" Ann breathily sobbed, trapped in Kong's hand. \"HRAAAAAAAHHR!\" Kong threw his head back and roared. \"NA-HA!\" Ann shrieked. \"RAAA-AAARRRR!\" Kong let out another roar. Ann's fear overcame her, and she fainted in Kong's hand. The giant ape then turned his broad back to the village wall. A glimpse of two long red claw marks on his left shoulder were seen. His rear view exposed more scars; three on his left lower back, and an X-shaped scar on his right upper back. The monstrous brute clearly had a history of fighting, in addition to his titanic size and intimidating appearance, which clearly showed why he was the most feared creature on Skull Island. Before departing, Kong glanced back and glared at Carl and Gary as they continued filming him. The ape let out a snarl, then turned his head and stomped back off into the jungle, carrying the unconscious Ann Darrow in his hand.[Chapter 12] Even after Kong disappeared into the jungle with Ann, Gary could not stop winding the crank on Carl's camera due to fear and shock. \"Gary, he's gone, you can stop filming now,\" Carl gently told Gary, but the traumatized camera man would not stop filming. \"Gary. Gary?\" Carl said very firmly. \"GARY!\" Carl snapped, stomping a foot. \"WAAH!\" Gary screamed, flinching and falling backward with the camera. \"Doggone it, Gary, what are you trying to do, break my camera?!\" Carl yelled. \"Leave the poor man alone, Denham!\" Jack rebuked him, having been let go by Faraji. With concern, Jack then asked Gary, \"Gary, are you okay?\" \"I saw… I saw… I saw… Kong,\" Gary gasped. The camera man then rolled his eyes back into his head and fainted. \"Get him back to the ship,\" Englehorn ordered. A group of sailors lifted Carl's camera off Gary's unconscious body, lifted the man himself and carried him off to the ship. \"Guys, come on, he's my camera man, I need him!\" Carl protested. Jack glared at Carl and interrogated him, \"For the love of Pete, Carl, what on Earth was that thing?!\" \"It was Kong,\" Faraji interjected. \"Doggone it, Faraji, I KNOW it was Kong!\" Jack snapped. \"Jack, calm down,\" Englehorn soothed. \"Calm down? When the only woman on our ship… the LOVE of my LIFE… WAS JUST TAKEN OFF INTO THE JUNGLE BY A FRICKIN' MUTANT?!\" Jack screamed. \"Jack, there was nothing you could have done for her, Kong is too strong,\" Faraji said. \"YOU MORON, I COULD HAVE SAVED HER BEFORE KONG CAME, BUT YOU HELD ME BACK!\" Jack exploded. \"I was trying to protect you!\" Faraji argued. \"I'VE RISKED MY LIFE BEFORE, I DON'T NEED YOU TO BE MY HERO!\" Jack insulted the native. \"YOU FOOL, YOU WOULD HAVE DIED!\" Faraji screamed. \"Yeah, and then you would have been a tragic hero,\" Nigel added. \"YOU KNOW NOTHING ABOUT KONG, JACK, YOU KNOW NOTHING ABOUT THIS ISLAND!\" Faraji continued. \"WHY DID YOU COME TO THIS ISLAND!? OF ALL THE PLACES THAT YOU COULD HAVE GONE, YOU COME TO A PLACE OF DEATH!\" \"It was DENHAM'S FAULT! DIDN'T HE FRICKIN' TELL YOU?! ALL HE CARES ABOUT IS A DOGGONE BLOODY FILM!\" Jack burst out. He then turned and glared at Carl, who removed his hand from the camera crank after filming entire altercation. \"AND WOULD YOU PUT THAT STUPID CAMERA AWAY!\" Carl backed away from his camera as Jack approached him, knocked the camera down, pulled him up close by the shirt and interrogated him, \"Now tell me before I beat the living crap out of you, what on EARTH was this KONG thing?! And what was so special about him that you had to film? Even at the risk of your own camera man, huh?\" \"He was a giant ape, Jack, a HUGE, MONSTROUS gorilla, I told ya, monsters belong in THE movies, ha, ha,\" Carl nervously laughed. SMACK! Jack punched Carl across the face and sent him sprawling to the ground. The angry first mate approached the fallen film director with another fist raised, but Englehorn stopped him, saying, \"THAT'S ENOUGH, JACK! Listen, Ann's dead. If we stay here any longer, we'll end up dead too. We're going back to the ship, come on, everyone, let's go.\" \"No!\" Jack protested. \"That ape only JUST took Ann. I didn't even hear any sounds of her bones cracking. He COULDN'T have killed her yet.\" \"Jack, where are you going with this?\" Briggs nervously asked. \"I say we should 'GO' and RESCUE her!\" Jack insisted. \"You're mad, Jack, that ape would kill us all!\" Englehorn argued. \"A silverback gorilla's got the strength of ten to twenty men, so just imagine what Kong could do,\" Helstrom commented. \"I don't care about silverback gorillas, and I'm not afraid of Kong!\" Jack argued. \"Captain Englehorn, don't you remember what happened to Carnahan in Kenya? Your first mate before me? You thought Carnahan was dead when he got separated during our mission to capture lions for Barnum & Bailey. On our last day in Kenya, he was running from a rhino to get back to our camp, and then the darn thing caught up and killed him. His death could have been avoided if we went out and looked for him.\" \"The rhino slashed him in the back with his horn, Jack, Carnahan died AFTER I shot the rhino,\" Englehorn corrected him. \"Carnahan still died, captain, doesn't make a difference,\" Jack reminded him. \"And I want to get Ann back before she dies too.\" As Englehorn paused and thought for a moment, Faraji interjected, \"Alright, Jack, I will take you to look for Ann. But if we find any evidence that she is dead, which she probably will be, we will come right back.\" \"I can do with that,\" Jack replied. \"Count me in,\" Stu volunteered. \"And me,\" Harold added. \"I guess I'll come along,\" Briggs proposed. \"I say we approach this matter with cautious optimism, Jack, but I'd say I'll come along too,\" Long John told him. \"Greater love hath no one than this, that a man lay his life down for his friends,\" Manny recited. \"I am willing to lay my life down to help mine.\" \"I helped rescue Halden earlier, so I guess I'll help with this,\" Joe said. Nine other sailors volunteered. Perrault, a muscular man with short brown hair and a goatee. Peek, a lean man with a black mullet and glasses. Pierre, an athletic young man with a crew cut. Russell, a bald British man. Thomas, a husky African-American man. Meeko, a man of Native American descent. Gomez, a slender, Hispanic young man with an underdeveloped beard. Hobbs, a tall, baldheaded older man with circular glasses. And finally, Chuck, a heavyset man with slicked back black hair. No one else volunteered after him. \"That settles it Jack, you've got the native and fifteen others,\" Englehorn declared. \"I'm coming along, too,\" Carl announced, holding his camera. \"I'm staying behind,\" Theodore frantically declared. \"Theodore, come on, you're my leading man, I NEED you,\" Carl pleaded. \"Sorry, Mr. Denham, if there's a giant monkey monster living behind that wall, I don't want to know what else is there,\" Theodore argued. \"Leave him be, Denham, we don't need him,\" Jack told Carl. \"Not that you really care much about the personal safety of your actors anyway.\" \"I'm staying behind, too,\" Nigel decided. \"Right behind you, Nigel,\" Penn said. \"I like the jungles of the Bengal and Congo, but giant ape territory is where I DRAW the line.\" \"Come on, boys!\" Carl complained. \"I'll go with ya, Carl,\" Halden offered. \"You know, at least I've got my assistant, better than nothing,\" Carl responded. \"Listen Carl, we're rescuing Ann, not making a movie,\" Jack sternly told him. \"Jack, he's a headstrong film director, you're not going to win,\" Englehorn commented. Jack glared at Carl, and warned him, \"If you slow us down\"- \"I won't slow ya down, I promise, now let's go save your girl,\" Carl interrupted. \"Alright men, let's go!\" Jack ordered. \"Jack,\" Gustavo stopped him, placing a chubby hand on his shoulder. \"Before you go, I must-a tell you that I am staying behind because the Venture crew needs a-my meals, so I cannot afford to die. If that were not the case, I would-a go with you in a heartbeat. I hope you understand. I loved Miss-a Darrow when she was a little girl, and I hope you can bring her back alive.\" \"Thank you, Gustavo,\" Jack smiled. \"And we are-a staying here with our father, Giuseppe and I,\" Gustavo's husky elder son, Stefano, told Englehorn's first mate. \"He is the only immediate family we have-a left after our mother died, and we don't-a want to be separated,\" Gustavo's lean younger son, Giuseppe, added. Gustavo locked Jack in a tight embrace, weeping. Jack himself wanted to cry at that moment, but he didn't want his crew to see it as a sign of weakness. Once Gustavo released him, he wiped away tears and said, \"In bucca al lupo. It means-a good luck in Italian.\" Freddy also appeared behind Gustavo and told Jack, \"I knew right from the start that we weren't going to Indonesia, and I knew somethin' bad like this would happen. I would come with you Jack, cause I love and respect Miss Darrow, but Englehorn won't let me. I'm just a year under age for stuff like this. Hope you find her.\" \"Hurry now, there is no time to lose!\" Faraji enjoined. \"Alright fellas, let's go!\" Jack ordered. He and Faraji led their sixteen men out of the village gates. As Jack departed, he called back to Englehorn, \"Englehorn, do us a favor, guard the gate while we're gone and keep it open! Don't let the natives close it!\" \"Sure thing Jack!\" the captain answered. He then gave an order to his watchman, \"Mr. Suzuki, keep a vigil atop the wall! If anyone comes back, let us know immediately!\" \"Aye, captain!\" Mr. Suzuki complied. The Japanese watchman found a stony stairway that led to the top of the wall and climbed his way up. Once at the top, he looked down and watched as Jack, Faraji, and their men carefully made their way down the 25-foot cliff and into the jungle where Kong took Ann. This marking the beginning of a tragic adventure.[Chapter 13] \"ANN! MISS DARROW! WHERE ARE YOU!\" the voices of Jack, Faraji and the other men called out, hoping to find her alive. They were all running through the bushes and trees of the jungle, striving to get to Ann as quickly as possible before Kong could kill her. The only question to be answered was how would they kill Kong? How would they take down such a formidable threat as a giant ape? \"WOAH!\" Carl cried out as he fell face down into a shallow hole. Everyone stopped upon hearing Carl. The short-tempered film director then cursed, \"GAH, CRAP!\" \"Oh my word, Carl, are you okay?\" Halden asked, running over to his film director. \"Am I okay? What do you MEAN am I okay, Halden?! I just fell in a dirty, doggone hole!\" Carl snapped, standing up and wiping dirt off his clothes. His camera and tripod had been strapped to his back as he fell. Had those been broken during his fall, he would have been even madder. As Jack, Faraji, and the others approached Carl's hole, Jack remarked, \"Wait a minute, that's not a hole, that's a footprint.\" As Carl got out of his hole, he looked to see that indeed it was not a hole, but a gigantic footprint. Vast, long and wide with four front toes and a thumb-like side toe. This footprint was none other than that of the mighty King Kong. \"Great Scott, this is Kong's footprint,\" Carl remarked. He then set up his camera, saying, \"Would ya look at the size of that thing? I've got to get this on film.\" \"Blimey, this thing's as big as a house!\" Russell commented as Carl filmed. \"Oh, he's bigger than a house, Russell, Denham said he was fifty feet tall, so he's got to take up the mass of five bull elephants,\" Jack told him. \"And Kong is incredibly strong too, strong enough to break the jaws of a full-grown Vastatosaurus Rex,\" Faraji shared. \"Vastatosaurus Rex?\" Briggs inquired. \"Must be some kind of evolved Tyrannosaur or something,\" Perrault suggested. \"Vastatosaurus Rex… monsters… interesting,\" Carl murmured to himself. \"Fellas, why don't we just focus on getting Ann back from Kong first and worry about Vastatosaurus Rexes later, come on, let's go,\" Jack enjoined. \"Perfect timing Jack, I just finished filming,\" Carl commented, strapping his camera and tripod back onto his back. \"We'll have to proceed with caution from here on out,\" Jack said. He then gave an order to Faraji, \"Faraji, lead the way. You're a native, you know this jungle better than any of us.\" Faraji nodded, walking in front of Jack and leading him and the other men through the bushes and trees of the jungle. They walked, proceeding with caution as Jack enjoined, staying alert for any more footprints or possibly any creatures like Kong. STOMP! STOMP! Bush rustling footprints were heard from afar, stopping the men in their tracks. Monkeys scurried their way and up into the trees. They were clearly running from something. \"Kong's coming, I think,\" Chuck nervously whispered. \"No, it is not Kong,\" Faraji corrected him. \"HEEEEEEEUHHHH!\" a gigantic, 30-foot tall dinosaur came barreling out of the jungle trees, roaring in anger. This creature looked much like a Stegosaurus, only larger in size with blackish armored hide, rock-like scales stacked like dominos on its back, thick hooked spikes around the scales on its back, and a much longer and thicker tail with a round club at the end. \"Shoot it!\" Jack ordered. \"No, don't!\" Faraji cried. The monkeys screamed and hooted in panic as the crew opened fire on the dinosaur, provoking it even more. The beast charged, firmly grabbed Chuck in its jaws and then tossed him to the side, killing him. It then turned and swung its tail to try and swipe several more sailors, but they ducked. The dinosaur quickly lifted its tail in the air behind him and smashed Russell into the ground with the club end, killing him instantly as other sailors dodged. They ran around the mutant dinosaur and shot him at different angles, but with seemingly no effect as it continued trying to stomp them with its feet and swipe at them with its tail. Joe bravely went in to try and shoot at the dinosaur's throat, but it rolled him onto the ground with its front paws, and then stomped him over to death with its elephant-like hind legs. The dinosaur's next intended victim was Carl, who was filming the whole scene at a tree nearby. Carl stopped filming in fear as it slowly approached him and stood on its hind legs with a roar. The film director would have been dead, had not Faraji weaved right in front of him and SCHLAK! Faraji threw a spear at the beast's heart, which had been exposed by its soft underbelly. \"UHWOANHHH!\" the dinosaur let out a dying roar before falling back and collapsing sideways to the ground. The monkeys finally fell silent, but remained tense in their trees. \"What on Earth was that thing?\" Perrault inquired. \"And how did it die from a spear and not the bullets?\" Pierre added. \"That was the Arminosaurus, one of the most powerful creatures on Skull Island, and very territorial,\" Faraji replied. \"Its outer hide cannot be penetrated by man's weapons, but it has a soft underbelly. The only way to kill it instantly is to shoot at the heart.\" \"Fascinating,\" Briggs remarked. \"Oh, I wish I could take one of these things and bring it back to New York City,\" Carl said. \"Ya know, it would be kind of cool to see it in a zoo or something,\" Halden added. \"This thing doesn't seem to be built for zoos,\" Jack warned them. \"I thought these things were supposed to be extinct,\" Thomas commented. \"Well, they are now,\" Jack said. \"Oh no, there are more of them out here,\" Faraji corrected him. \"What kind of a place is this?\" Briggs asked. \"I have asked myself the same thing, my friend,\" Faraji replied. \"Let us move on.\" Faraji led Jack and the surviving men on through the jungle. The Arminosaurus was only the first monster they faced. Surely there would be more before Kong.[Chapter 14] (Deeper in the Jungle with Ann and Kong) Ann Darrow had just awoken from her frenzied unconsciousness, only to find herself trapped in the bulky hand of Kong. It was no dream. Ann had been offered to Kong, the ferocious and feared king of Skull Island. Ann trembled, frantically panting and whimpering as Kong stomped through the dark jungle with her, grunting, growling and knocking down trees as he moved. Where was Kong taking her? What was he going to do with her? \"KRUNGHRAH!\" Kong let out a lion/tiger-esque roar as he stepped onto a rocky platform. On that platform was a collection of dismembered, decaying human bones and a dark cave behind. Ann sobbed in fear as she realized where she was. Kong's killing ground. \"RRRRRRRRR!\" Kong lifted the poor, frightened Ann to his face and growled at her menacingly, baring his yellowish teeth and glaring at her through his fiery orange eyes. \"AH!\" Ann tearfully yelped, intimidated by Kong. \"RAAAAHHR!\" Kong roared. Holding Ann in his left hand, he began punching it into the palm of his right hand with snarling and roaring. The helpless blonde lady could only shriek and wail as Kong roughly manhandled her. \" Pha -ROAR!\" Kong let out another angry sound, like an aggressive gasp evolving into a roar as he switched Ann to his right hand and set the knuckles of his left hand to the ground. He violently jerked his head away from her, grunting and roaring, as he swung her in an up and down/back and forth motion. Ann involuntarily cried out with every jolt. \"HAWRH!\" Kong let out an almost hawkish-sounding, low-pitched roar, riled up even more. The giant ape began uncontrollably hooting and mindlessly flailing Ann around in his hand in many different directions. Soon enough, Ann was hanging upside down in Kong's hand, where she could see the remains of his previous victims more closely. Around each skull was the same sacrificial necklace that Ann herself was wearing. Ann could hear nightmarish, echoing screams of fear and agony as Kong swung her over the skulls. \"No. No! NO!\" Ann shrieked. It was as if the spirits of Kong's previous sacrifices were trapped in those scattered bones, endlessly feeling the same pain they felt from being killed. Ann was horrified at the thought of becoming a part of the Hell that Kong had put them in. There had to be some way she could escape, but how? Ann thought fast as her sacrificial necklace slipped over her upside-down head. With swift reflexes, she caught the necklace before it could hit the bone scattered, rocky ground. \"HAAAAHRRUR!\" Kong loudly roared, standing upright and bringing Ann back up to his ugly, menacing face. He opened his mouth, letting out a relatively high-pitched roar as he brought Ann in for the kill. Before Ann could go even one inch into Kong's mouth… SCHLAK! She stabbed his hand with the sharp end of her sacrificial necklace, forcing him to scream out and drop her. Ann landed on Kong's foot, hastily rolled off and ran as he examined his hand with shock. \"ANN!\" Jack's voice cried out. \"MISS DARROW!\" Faraji's voice echoed. The sounds of Ann's search party calling out her name alarmed Kong. He looked over at Ann, who was sobbing in panic as she ran off through the jungle trees, desperate to find her men. Acting on impulse, Kong chased after Ann on all fours, tore through some trees, snatched her back up in his left hand, and ran further off into the jungle. Kong sped his way through, running at over forty miles an hour and violently smashing down whatever trees stood in his way. All Ann could do was scream for her life as the monstrous simian swiftly carried her off. Kong's frenzied rampage and Ann's screaming frightened many mammals, birds, and dinosaurs in the jungle as they ran, flew, hid, and trembled in their hiding spots. (Later that night at Kong's killing ground) \"Holy mother, it's a bleeding boneyard!\" Stu remarked. \"Is this… is this…\" Pierre stammered, looking at the scattered bones. \"Kong's killing ground,\" Faraji solemnly answered. \"Killing ground? No! It can't be! Ann can't be dead!\" Jack protested. \"This is Kong's killing ground,\" Faraji told him. \"I know it's hard Jack, but we've gotta trust the native,\" Briggs added. \"Besides, this is his island after all. We've never been here before.\" \"Well if Ann were dead, her corpse would have to be bleeding somewhere around here,\" Jack argued. He then gave an order, \"Look around, men! If we find Ann's corpse, we leave the island! If we don't, we keep going!\" As the men began walking along the scattered bones, in search of Ann's corpse, Carl set up his camera and began filming, until Jack clapped a hand on his shoulder and demanded, \"That means you too, Denham! Get moving!\" Carl immediately stopped filming and helped the other man search for Ann's corpse. Many of the man dug their hands in the bones, hoping to find Ann. Thomas was the first to give feedback, \"Jack, we can't find Ann's body anywhere.\" \"Er, maybe the ape ate all his victims here and threw up the bones,\" Harold suggested. \"No, Harold, I heard Ann screaming about twenty-thirty minutes before we got here, it would take a lot longer for the ape to digest the meat on her bones,\" Jack firmly objected. \"Why, Jack, there's a cave right there,\" Halden told him, pointing to the dark cavern behind Kong's killing ground. \"Maybe there's more bones in there. Who knows, maybe Kong brutally mauled her and left her to die in there.\" \"Well, gee, that's a lovely thought,\" Briggs sarcastically commented. \"Halden, do not go in there!\" Faraji tried to warn him. \"Lemme just test and see if it's safe, then maybe we can light a torch and search in there,\" Halden nonchalantly replied. He then approached the cave entrance, cupped his hands around his mouth and called out, \"HELLO?!\" All the men fell tense and silent for a few seconds as Halden's voice echoed into the cave. Then suddenly, Halden cried out in shock and tumbled backward as a disturbed swarm of bats came flying out of the cave. \"GET DOWN! TAKE COVER!\" Jack shouted as he and the other men hit the ground to avoid the frenzied bats. Fortunately, none of them attacked as they flew off into the jungle. \"Jeez, Halden, you couldn't have just listened to the native?!\" Carl snapped. As Halden got up, he found there was a sacrificial necklace lying under him. He picked it up in a large hand and noticed there was a lock of loose blonde hair on it. He then said, \"Uh-oh, I think this is Miss Darrow.\" All the men stared in silence for a few seconds. Jack whispered in denial, \"No. No. It can't be. I don't understand.\" \"Give me the necklace,\" Faraji enjoined, holding out a hand. Halden handed Faraji Ann's sacrificial necklace, and the native examined it. He noticed blood on the tip of the necklace's sharp end, then took off Ann's loose lock of blonde hair. He tossed the blonde hair up as soft night winds rushed in and blew up a nearby trail of broken trees. Faraji knew what the evidence confirmed. \"Ann is alive,\" Faraji announced as Jack and several other men sighed in relief. He then beckoned Jack, \"Jack, come here.\" Jack approached Faraji, and he showed him the bloodied point of the sacrificial necklace's sharp end. \"Ann stabbed Kong's hand to escape.\" Faraji then led Jack down a trail where Ann ran, until Kong picked her up. \"Ann tried to run away. Kong must have heard our cries. Loud human noise disturbs him. He chased after Ann and took her back up the trail.\" Faraji led Jack back up to the killing ground and pointed to the nearby trail of broken trees where Ann's loose hair blew. \"He took her further off into the jungle.\" \"Well, what are we waiting for, fellas?\" Jack enjoined. \"Jack, shouldn't we find a place to camp for the night?\" Peek asked. \"My feet are killing me!\" Gomez complained. \"Come on, boys, we've already lose too much ground, let's go!\" Jack demanded. \"Jack,\" Faraji calmly interjected, laying a hand on his shoulder. \"It is night time. Our journey will be very difficult tomorrow if you do not give your men the night to rest.\" \"But Faraji\"- Jack protested. \"Kong will not kill Ann,\" Faraji assured him. \"From what I have gathered here, Ann is not like Kong's previous sacrifices.\" \"How so?\" Jack inquired. \"I do not know,\" Faraji answered. \"But I have a strange feeling we may come into bitter conflict with Kong as we try to save Ann.\" \"Well, if that's what it takes, then so be it,\" Jack declared, undaunted. \"I'm not leaving her in the hands of that doggone dirty ape.\" \"Hey, are we finding a place to rest or what?\" Carl interjected. \"There's more I want to film and even I'm tired.\" \"Follow me, men!\" Faraji beckoned the others, leading them into the jungle. (Moments later, in an open jungle area) Faraji had found Jack and the others a large, circular area with tan dirt ground surrounded by trees. The men had sat there for about an hour as Faraji lit tall sticks of wood and vertically planted them into the ground around them. Faraji was sweating, and wiped his brow with fatigue after planting the last torch into the ground. \"What are the torches for, Faraji?\" Harold asked. \"To keep us safe from predators, they are afraid of fire,\" Faraji explained. \"Well what about that little critter?\" Stu asked, pointing to a dark green, rabbit-sized dinosaur that looked much like a rhinoceros beetle. This creature only lacked insect wings and had a long tail and scaly hide like his saurian cousins. \"Kill it!\" Gomez cried, pointing his rifle at the creature, causing it to tremble. \"No, don't, he is harmless!\" Faraji stopped him, holding a hand out. He then approached the creature, crouched down, and extended his hands, allowing him to crawl in. Faraji looked around, carried the little dinosaur outside of the torch-lit circle and gently placed him in a bush with several others of his kind. \"Are you sure the torches are gonna work, Faraji?\" Meeko asked, once Faraji stepped back inside of the torch-lit circle. \"And what on Earth was that creature?!\" Gomez inquired. \"That, my friend, was a Beetlesaur,\" Faraji replied. \"He was looking for his herd. He just lost his way. That is an unfortunate tendency among his kind.\" \"Gee, I wish I could keep one of those as a pet,\" Halden said. \"No, Halden, they belong with their kind,\" Meeko told him. \"Yeah, don't let Denham's suggestion about the Arminosaurus rub off on ya,\" Briggs jokingly warned Halden, half-serious. Carl shook his head in annoyance, and then asked Faraji, \"Hey, Faraji, why does Kong eat humans? I thought apes were herbivores.\" \"Kong does not eat humans,\" Faraji responded. \"Although his predecessor did.\" \"Predecessor?\" Jack asked. \"Before Kong, we sacrificed members of our kin to the queen of the Death Runners, Gaw,\" Faraji explained. \"The Death Runners are a race of red raptors that hunt in packs, run swiftly, and prey on any creature that crosses their path. Every few generations, a much larger queen arises. Gaw was the last queen. Three generations ago, Kong fought her, while she was about to take her last sacrifice, and killed her.\" \"What happened then?\" Carl inquired. \"Kong took the sacrifice for himself,\" Faraji answered. \"Why?\" Halden asked. \"Kong hated Gaw, so he has hated mankind for decades because they reminded him of Gaw,\" Faraji replied. \"So we have given him sacrifices every month to appease his wrath, and he brutally killed whomever he received.\" \"Why did Kong hate Gaw so much?\" Jack questioned. \"There used to be animosity between his kind and the Death Runners, but strangely, I feel there is something much deeper than that,\" Faraji answered. \"No other creature would have had the audacity to challenge Gaw, not even the Vastatosaurus Rex.\" \"So there's more to Kong than meets the eye,\" Carl remarked. \"Interesting. Say, if he gets attached to Ann while he has her, it would make one swell Beauty and the Beast reboot. Wish Penn were here so I could share this idea with him.\" \"Oh, you've got some crazy ideas indeed, Denham,\" Jack said sarcastically. \"Now why don't we just get some shut-eye and focus on finding Ann tomorrow.\" On that note, all the men laid down on the ground, closing their eyes in sleep. No more creatures entered their circle as they slept. However, no one knew what the next day would bring.[Chapter 15] Ann woke up in the next morning inside a rocky tunnel, having slipped to the floor from Kong's open hand. The big ape had worn himself out from running and decided to put off killing Ann until morning. Ann had fallen asleep in his hand, expecting that she would die in her sleep. Much to her surprise, she found herself still alive. Kong was still fast asleep with low-pitched snoring, and Ann seized upon the opportunity to quietly escape. She cautiously and quietly stepped away from Kong's hand, cringing at his short, yet sharp, fingernails. Once she was sure that he would not wake up, Ann tiptoed toward the bright tunnel exit. Ann let out a sigh of relief once she got out, but where would she go next? Where were Jack and the others? Ann decided to go back around the outside of the tunnel and see if she could find her way to them. She moved to her right and walked through jungle trees. Not another creature in sight, until… FWSH! TAP! TAP! TAP! TAP! TAP! Something was after Ann. It wasn't Kong, but something smaller and relatively stealthy. She picked up a stick and firmly held it, ready to defend herself from whatever was about to attack. She tensely walked through the jungle as the rustling sounds continued. \"RAH!\" a white-feathered red raptor, approximately half the size of a human, pounced at Ann from behind. \"AAH!\" Ann yelped, whirling around and smacking the beast away with her stick. Ann whirled away, only to see another one in front of her. Seeing it up close, face to face, was intimidating for Ann. The dinosaur had a short horn on its snout, golden orange snake-like eyes, a mane of feathers along its head, neck, and upper back, and feathers on its elbows and the tip of the tail. The dinosaur readied itself to pounce, licking its sharp teeth. \"EEAAAAHHH!\" Ann shrieked, batting the dinosaur away with her stick. Ann fled on into the jungle, desperate to escape. Her athletic legs carried her at a very swift pace, but the raptors were faster as more of them chased after her. Some of them followed behind, and some of them Ann saw running beside her at a distance. There was a whole pack of them. A whole pack of Death Runners. One of them tried to get up close on her right and bite her, but she swatted it away. Another one attempted the same attack on Ann's left, but she struck it away as well. Ann kept running, running, and running, until… SPLAT! Ann tripped and fell into a large puddle of mud. How humiliating. She rolled over onto her backside as the Death Runners surrounded and closed in on her. It was the end. Or was it? \"HRRROOOOAAR!\" a loud roar came from none other than Kong. The mighty ape knocked a large tree down, causing it crush several Death Runners underneath. The fallen tree revealed Kong's angry face as he beat his chest and let out another roar, \"HCHRAAAAOORR!\" All the Death Runners roared, charged at the titanic primate and pounced all over him. Ann felt too paranoid to get up out of the mud, but she could only watch in amazement as the monster who kidnapped her fought to save her life. Or perhaps so that he could take it for himself as he had attempted the previous night? Kong gnashed his teeth and roared, violently dancing around as he swatted and grabbed at the Death Runners attacking him. Some of them were grabbed and bitten to death in his strong jaws. Others were either thrown, knocked off, or smashed into the ground. Within about a minute, the entire pack was dead. \"ERUGHAAAAHHRRRR!\" Kong beat his chest, letting out a tiger-esque roar. He then glared at Ann and grunted, \"MRUGH!\" Ann's heart pounded, and she trembled and panted in fear as Kong picked her up out of the mud. Before Ann could scream, Kong gave a disgusted expression at the filthy mud on her body and grunted, \"UAHR!\" Even Kong was disgusted with Ann. Ann could not blame him. She thought that Kong wanted to eat her, and surely, he would not eat his meals covered in mud. She was hoping that the gorilla monster would just put her down and walk away, grossed out, but he didn't. He kept hold of her in his hand, mud and all, and wandered off. It seemed that he knew a place where Ann could wash off. Whatever Kong's intentions were, Ann felt relieved that he was not going to kill her. Not yet at least. She could only hope that things were about to change for the better. ","Summary":" What if not every island on Earth was geographically located? What if there is one island that is e"},{"Movie":"King Kong","Title":"Fire Within Me","Author":"fanwriter1245","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12135355","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Well, I don't usually write two OC stories for the same category, but when I was watching this movie for the thousandth time, all of these ideas came to me, and I couldn't just NOT write it! \"Mom!\" Sadie called as she came through the door of her home. \"There wasn't much I could buy for two dollars, but I did my best.\" \"It's okay, hon,\" her mother said tenderly. \"I…um, I need to talk to you.\" \"Is something wrong?\" \"Uh…your father is back for a little while.\" Sadie froze and looked at her mother. \"I haven't seen him in five years.\" \"I know. Well, he's back, and um…he wants to see you.\" \"Why should I? He left us, Mom.\" \"I know, but he's still your father. He loves you.\" \"But he loves his ship more.\" Her mother sighed and folded her hands together nervously. \"Look…he asked me if you would come on his next voyage with him. He said he's going to Singapore. That's a nice place to visit.\" \"Mom, he captures animals and sells them to zoos and circuses. Most of the time illegally.\" \"Well…this isn't going to be one of those trips. There's going to be a film crew on board. You may know the director. Carl Denham?\" \"Carl Denham?\" Sadie said in disbelief. \"His movies are terrible. All he ever does is put his actors in the jungle and make the women get naked.\" \"Okay, bad example. But I think that this trip could be good for both of you. I know that he hasn't been there for you these past few years, but I truly think he wants to try and change that.\" Seeing that her daughter wasn't responding, she added, \"His ship sets sail in three days. Honey, you're an adult and I won't force you to do anything, but at least promise me you'll think about it.\" Sadie sighed and started putting the few groceries away. Later, she went to meet her friend, Amanda, to talk about what she should do. \"I mean, Mom really wants me to go, but I don't know if I can stomach being on a ship with my father for that long,\" Sadie lamented. \"He left when I was fourteen. He just couldn't stand to be away from the sea for longer than a day. Even before he left, I never really saw him very much.\" \"Maybe so, but if he really does want to fix his relationship with you, there's no better way to do it than this.\" \"It would be kind of nice to see everyone again. Daddy used to take me on his ship with him sometimes. Back when he still cared. His crew was always so nice to me, and you could see that they were all so close with one another. I think they liked to see a female on board for once. It broke up their monotonous routine.\" \"That's kind of cool that he did that for you.\" \"It's not that Daddy didn't love us. It's just that he put the ship over us. His priorities were messed up.\" \"Well, then it sounds like he's realized that and wants to change it. I think you should take your mom's advice and go with him. Besides, who knows? If Carl Denham is on the ship, maybe you might get to be in a scene and become famous.\" Sadie laughed lightly. \"I'll pass on being in one of Carl Denham's films. But I did hear that Jack Driscoll is writing the script.\" \"Seriously? Then how bad can the movie be? He's a great script writer!\" \"I suppose. And maybe being in the midst of all that can help distract me from what's going on between me and Daddy.\" \"It sounds like you've made up your mind.\" Sadie sighed again. \"I think I have.\" \"You'll have to tell me all about it when you get back.\" \"I will. Thanks, Amanda.\" The two girls hugged before Sadie left to go start packing for the long voyage ahead of her. Sadie's heart was pounding as she walked to the docks with her bags in tow. She hadn't seen her dad in so very long. And they hadn't really parted on the best of terms. Her father was speaking with one of the crew members. When the crew member saw who was approaching, he quickly pointed her out to Englehorn. Englehorn turned and froze at the sight of his daughter. \"Sadie,\" he said quietly. \"Hi, Daddy.\" \"You…you've gotten so big.\" \"Yeah, a lot happens in five years.\" \"Well, you look marvelous.\" Sadie bit her lip. She had almost forgotten about her father's German accent. Luckily for her, she had gotten her mother's American accent. \"Uh…I'm glad you decided to come,\" he continued awkwardly. \"I'll decide if this was the right decision when the trip is over.\" \"Englehorn!\" someone called. Sadie turned to find none other than Carl Denham. He quickly began to walk up the gangplank. \"Cast off! Hoist up the mainsail, raise the anchor, whatever it is you do. We gotta leave!\" \"I cannot do that,\" Englehorn said dryly. \"We are waiting on the manifest.\" \"What? Who? English, please,\" Carl said as he came over to where he and Sadie were standing. \"Paperwork, Mr. Denham.\" Carl leaned in close to him. \"I'll give you another $1,000 if you leave right now.\" \"You haven't given me the first $1,000 yet.\" \"Can we talk about this later? Can't you see we're in the company of a VIP guest?\" Sadie looked to where he was motioning and saw an absolutely gorgeous woman standing near the gangplank. She had bright blonde hair and amazing crystal eyes that reminded her of the ocean. She held her back erect, but she looked intimidated by what was around her. She looked tough though, like she had been through some very rough times but didn't let it stop her. Englehorn went over to her and shook her hand. \"Ma'am.\" \"Ann Darrow,\" the woman introduced. \"Sadie Englehorn,\" Sadie said, shaking her hand as well. \"So are you ready for this voyage, Miss Darrow?\" Englehorn asked Ann. \"Sure.\" \"Nervous?\" \"Nervous? No. Why? Should I be?\" \"It isn't every woman who would take such a risk.\" Sadie rolled her eyes. Her father was always far too overdramatic. Nevertheless, Sadie was thankful that she wouldn't be the only woman onboard. The men may all be nice to her, but she would still go a little crazy without any contact with another female. Carl discreetly motioned to someone, and a man quickly came up behind Ann. \"Uh, why don't I show Miss Darrow to her cabin?\" \"Wonderful idea,\" Carl smiled. \"Thank you, Preston.\" \"Miss Darrow, if you would just…Hi. My name is Preston. Carl's assistant.\" Carl turned to Englehorn. \"$2,000. It's a deal. Will you take a check?\" \"Do I have a choice?\" Englehorn said. Carl quickly wrote out a check for Englehorn while Sadie watched. She had a bad feeling that she had made the wrong decision. \"Mr. Hayes!\" her father called. An African-American man came over to them and Sadie smiled broadly. \"Hello, Mr. Hayes!\" \"Sadie!\" the man said as he lightly hugged the girl. \"It's been far too long!\" \"It's wonderful to see you again.\" \"Mr. Hayes, show Sadie to her cabin please,\" Englehorn ordered. \"It would be my pleasure, ma'am,\" Mr. Hayes smiled. Sadie smiled back as she took one of her bags in her hand. \"Oh, no, we'll take care of your bags for you.\" \"We?\" \"Jimmy!\" A young boy around Sadie's age quickly came over to where Hayes was. \"Yeah, Mr. Hayes?\" \"Help take Miss Sadie's bags to her cabin.\" Sadie looked at the boy. She had never seen him before, so he must've joined the crew after her father left. She would be lying if she didn't admit that the first thing that popped into her mind was how attractive he was. \"Hello,\" she greeted politely. \"You must be newer than the others. I'm Sadie.\" \"Jimmy.\" \"Nice to meet you.\" Mr. Hayes and Jimmy took Sadie's bags for her and led her to her cabin. The hallways were a bit more cramped than she remembered, but that didn't surprise her. She had gotten bigger since the last time she had walked through the halls. Mr. Hayes opened the door for her, and she was greeted with a very, very tiny cabin. \"Thank you, Mr. Hayes.\" \"It's no trouble. We'll leave you to get settled in.\" Jimmy and Mr. Hayes set down her bags and left the room, with Jimmy lingering just a tad longer than to be expected. Sadie looked around her and blew a puff of air out through her cheeks. This was going to be a long voyage. She was putting away her clothing and belongings when the sound of someone yelling out curses caused her to turn around. She exited her cabin and walked to the railing. \"I keep telling you, Jack, there's no money in theater,\" Carl said as he came up next to the man. \"You're much better off sticking with film.\" \"I don't do it for the money, Carl,\" Jack replied angrily. \"I happen to love the theater.\" \"No, you don't. If you really loved it…you would have jumped.\" Carl left as Sadie came up to Jack. \"You're Jack Driscoll, I presume?\" Jack nodded at her, his mouth in a thin line. \"That's me.\" \"Sadie Englehorn. It's a pleasure to meet you.\" Jack shook her hand, and she felt him squeezing it a bit tighter than necessary. \"Likewise.\" \"If it makes you feel any better, I don't want to be here either.\" \"Then why are you here? Part of Carl's film?\" \"Oh, heavens no. Not in this lifetime. No, I'm the captain's daughter. He invited me along.\" \"I see.\" \"Mr. Driscoll,\" Englehorn called. \"I see you've met my daughter. It appears you are on this trip to stay. Choy will show you where to go.\" A small Asian man quickly ran up to them. \"Hi, Choy!\" Sadie smiled. \"Hi, Miss Sadie! It pleasure to see you again.\" Choy began to guide Jack below the ship where the cages were. \"How do you like your cabin?\" Englehorn asked Sadie. \"It's lovely. Small, but it'll do.\" \"You probably won't spend much time in your cabin anyway.\" \"You're right. I'm going to finish unpacking.\" \"Come to the steering room before you retire.\" Sadie nodded and returned to her cabin. She finished unpacking everything, but she noticed something was missing. She had brought several books with her to keep her occupied, yet she was sure she had brought at least one more with her. Perhaps it had fallen out of her suitcase in all the rush. With any luck, she would find it on the ship somewhere. Sadie then headed to the steering room per her father's request. But when she passed by the kitchen, she couldn't help but peek her head in. \"Lumpy?\" she called. \"Sadie?\" the cook said as he looked up from the dish he was making. \"You are a sight for sore eyes!\" Sadie smiled broadly as she went up to him and hugged him. \"It's good to see you again.\" \"What brings you back here?\" \"From what I've heard, my father wants to make up for the time he's lost. We'll see what happens.\" \"It's great to have you back on the ship!\" \"Thanks. I'm heading to the steering room. I just wanted to see if my favorite cook was still here.\" \"Not leaving for a long time, darling.\" She left the kitchen and resumed her trek to the steering room. Once there, she knocked on the doorframe. Her father turned to look at her. \"Sadie.\" \"Yes, it's me.\" \"How old are you now?\" \"Nineteen.\" \"Wow. So you're an adult now.\" \"Yes, I am.\" \"You've grown so much.\" \"That's generally how it works.\" \"I didn't expect such a beautiful young woman to greet me at the harbor.\" \"Daddy, please don't try so hard. I think we both know how I really feel about coming on this trip. For both our sakes, let's take it slow.\" Englehorn nodded slowly, and Sadie left the steering room to return to her cabin. Collapsing onto her bed, she sighed heavily as she stared at the ceiling. She was beginning to regret her decision to come onto the ship.[Chapter 2] When Sadie awoke, she groaned lightly when she remembered what she had done to herself. Deciding that complaining wasn't going to do anyone any good, she got up out of bed and got dressed. There was a knock on her door shortly after she had finished dressing. \"Come in!\" she called. Mr. Hayes opened the door with Jimmy behind him who looked like he wanted the earth to swallow him whole. \"Sorry to bother you, Sadie, but I believe that you are missing something.\" Mr. Hayes gently pushed Jimmy forward towards Sadie. He bit his cheek and refused to make eye contact with her. Then he shamefully held two books out for her. She took them and realized that they were the books she had lost! Jimmy had stolen them! \"Thanks,\" she said without a smile. \"I was wondering where these had gotten to.\" Jimmy pushed past Mr. Hayes and ran out of Sadie's cabin. \"Sorry about that,\" Mr. Hayes apologized. \"I'll try to make sure that doesn't happen again.\" \"It's all right,\" Sadie lied. Mr. Hayes left her room and Sadie looked at her books. She couldn't believe that boy had the nerve to steal from her! And to think that she had thought he was cute! She put the books in her small closet and hid them under some of her clothes. Then she headed to the kitchen to grab some breakfast. Though if her memory served correctly, Lumpy's cooking left something to be desired, and she wasn't about to be well-fed. \"Sadie!\" Lumpy called when he saw her. \"Come on in. Fancy my porridge?\" Sadie gulped at the sight of the lumpy white mass in the pot he was stirring. \"I'll pass for now.\" \"Sadie, is it?\" Carl asked. \"Pleasure to have you onboard. If you're interested, I might include you in some scenes we shoot.\" Sadie smiled at him. \"Over my dead body.\" \"I'll pay you a hundred bucks.\" \"Mr. Denham, I've seen the way you throw around money. You're probably drowning in debt by now. Unless you show me one hundred cash dollars in your hand ready to give to me, the answer is no.\" Some of the crew members secretly smiled at one another. It wasn't every day they saw a woman shoot down Carl Denham. Carl pursed his lips. \"Alright, fine. Then will you at least do me a favor and take these notes to Jack? He's down below the ship in—\" \"I'm the captain's daughter, Mr. Denham. I know where to find him.\" Carl held up his hands. \"Yes, ma'am.\" Sadie went down below where her father kept all of the cages. To think that animals were forced in here against their will only to be sold into captivity made her angry at him all over again. \"Mr. Driscoll?\" she called. She walked over to the largest cage and found Jack sitting at a typewriter. He looked extremely pale, like he was about to throw up at any second. On this ship though, that wouldn't be the worst thing she'd ever seen. \"What?\" he mustered out as he looked up at her. \"Um…Carl wanted me to give you these notes. I guess it's to help you write the script for this movie he's making.\" Jack groaned nauseously. \"Thanks, Sadie.\" \"No problem. And uh…for the record, you really shouldn't stay down here if you're seasick. It helps to move around and get accustomed to the movement of the ship. Not only that, but being around stuffy cages isn't helping and you could use the fresh air.\" \"I'll try to keep that in mind.\" \"I also don't think you should be writing when you feel so sick.\" \"I've got to get this done. Carl needs it so he can start shooting.\" \"Carl can wait if it means you give him your best work. Right now, I don't think you're giving your best work.\" \"I'll be fine, Sadie.\" \"Suit yourself.\" Footsteps sounded on the stairs and Sadie turned to find Jimmy walking down with a plate of food. Sadie glared at him, still bitter about him stealing from her. He purposefully avoided her piercing glare. \"Compliments of the chef,\" he said as he walked into the cage. He set the plate down next to Jack. Jack took one look at it and keeled over, getting even more nauseous than before. \"Lamb's brains in walnut sauce,\" Jimmy said with a small smile. Sadie looked at him with fury. Was he really getting a kick out of watching Jack nearly get sick? She shook her head and looked away from him. \"Jimmy,\" Mr. Hayes said as he came down the stairs. Jimmy came out of the cage and went over to him. \"You run those ropes up on deck like I told you?\" \"Doing it now, Mr. Hayes,\" Jimmy answered, attempting to go back up the stairs. Mr. Hayes roughly stopped him and grabbed his wrist. \"How about you return Mr. Driscoll's pen first?\" Jimmy opened his hand and a very expensive fountain pen dropped to the floor. Sadie scoffed. That boy was such a thief! First her books, now Jack's pen? Mr. Hayes released him, and Jimmy ran up the stairs. Mr. Hayes then picked up the pen and handed it back to Jack. \"He don't mean no harm,\" he told him. \"Thanks,\" Jack said with a sick smile. \"I'll keep him out of your way. That goes to both of you. Again, I apologize for those books, Sadie.\" \"I told you, it's fine.\" \"She's right,\" Jack said. \"It's okay.\" \"It's just that he likes it down here,\" Mr. Hayes continued. \"It's where I found him four years ago. Stowed away in one of them back cages. His arm was broken in two places. He was wilder than half the animals in here. Still won't tell me where he came from. But it wasn't anyplace good.\" Sadie looked at her feet. She started to feel a bit guilty for judging Jimmy so quickly. But no matter how bad his past was, it didn't really give him the right to steal. \"Sadie, he's about your age. He might be more willing to tell you rather than me.\" \"I don't know, Mr. Hayes. We're not off to a great start.\" \"Give him a chance. There's more to him than what you see.\" Sadie returned to the kitchen where some of the film crew had gathered. \"Come back for the porridge, have you?\" Lumpy asked. \"Well, it's either that or I starve. Hope you've become a better cook in the last few years,\" she joked. \"He hasn't,\" the crew member having his face shaved told her. \"Thanks for the encouragement, Andy.\" \"Sadie,\" Carl said, taking her by the arm. \"This is our film crew. This is Herb and Mike.\" \"It's nice to meet you both.\" \"And you as well,\" Mike said to her. She turned back to Lumpy who handed her a bowl of the porridge. Choosing to ignore the odor coming from the bowl, she grabbed a spoon and forced it down her throat. Mike put on some headphones and began fiddling with one of the instruments he used. \"Gonna have the ship's engines all over the dialogue. Seagulls. Camera noise. Wind. Who knows what else?\" \"I don't care, Mike,\" Carl told him. \"You're the sound recordist. Make it work.\" Sadie rolled her eyes. It wasn't just the director's films that were awful… Ann stumbled into the room wearing a pretty yellow dress. \"Ann!\" Carl said when he noticed her. \"Come on in. Let me introduce you to the crew. This is Herb, the cameraman.\" \"Delighted to meet you, ma'am,\" Herb said as he shook Ann's hand. \"Likewise,\" she said politely. \"May I say what a lovely dress!\" \"Oh, this old thing? I just threw it on.\" Preston frowned. \"Isn't that one of Maureen's costumes?\" Ann's eyes widened, and Sadie fought to hide her smile. \"Uh, now what does a girl have to do around here to get some breakfast, huh?\" \"Lumpy, you heard the lady,\" Carl said to the cook. Lumpy turned to Ann. \"Fancy my porridge à la walnuts?\" Sadie looked at Ann from the stool she was perched on with a disgusted face. \"I don't recommend it.\" Ann turned back to the others, quickly losing her appetite at the sight of the porridge. \"Oh, Ann, I don't believe you've met…\" Carl stopped when he saw Ann gazing at Mike. \"Ann?\" \"That's all right, Mr. Denham. I know who this is,\" Ann told him. Sadie raised her eyebrows. Ann knew who Mike was? Most people didn't really know the sound recordists in movies, nor did they look at them the way Ann was looking at him. \"Thrilled to meet you,\" Ann said to Mike. \"It's an honor to be a part of this.\" Mike looked extremely confused as she shook his hand. \"Gee, thanks.\" \"Actually, I'm quite familiar with your work.\" \"Really?\" \"Yes, and what I most admire is the way you've captured the voice of the common people.\" \"Well, that's my job.\" \"I'm sure you've heard this before, Mr. Driscoll, if you don't mind me saying, but you don't look at all like your photograph.\" Sadie pressed her lips together, fighting the urge to laugh. Jack, who had come into the room to grab some water, looked up at the sound of his name. Mike's face deflated as he realized what was going on. \"Excuse me.\" \"Wait a minute, Ann…\" Carl said as Mike sat back down. \"He's so much younger in person,\" Ann told Carl. \"And much better-looking.\" \"Ann, stop. Stop right there.\" Sadie watched as Jack slowly approached Ann from behind. \"You see, I was just afraid that you might be one of those self-obsessed literary types.\" Mike shook his head. \"I'm sorry, I'm not—\" \"You know, the tweedy twerp with his nose in his book and his head up his—\" Jack snapped his book shut. Ann turned around and her eyes widened to the size of saucers when she realized her grievous mistake. \"It's nice to meet you, too, Miss Darrow,\" Jack said dryly.[Chapter 3] Sadie was walking to her cabin when she heard quiet scribbling. She walked into one of the other cabins to find Jimmy drawing on a movie poster hanging on the wall. \"Wow, someone's a Bruce Baxter fan,\" she said. Jimmy nearly jumped out of his skin in surprise, terrified he was caught red-handed. \"Whose room is this?\" \"Bruce's,\" Jimmy told her. \"You're kidding me. Bruce Baxter hangs up posters and pictures of himself?\" She rolled her eyes. \"I hate actors.\" Jimmy started fiddling with the pen he was holding. \"I suppose you're going to rat me out to Mr. Hayes now, aren't you?\" \"Are you kidding? I wish I'd thought of this first.\" Jimmy smiled a little and finished the drawing. Sadie looked out the door and saw a shadow on the wall coming towards them. \"Bruce is coming back,\" she whispered quickly. \"Get out of here. Now. It's okay if he finds me here.\" \"Are you sure?\" \"Go!\" Jimmy and Sadie quickly exited the room. Jimmy squeezed past him, but Sadie couldn't get out of the room fast enough and just posed by Bruce's door. Jimmy peered around the corner and looked at her. He didn't want the girl getting in trouble because of him. \"Can I help you?\" Bruce asked in a rather snobbish tone. \"I just wanted to meet the big star of the picture,\" Sadie lied, pretending to fawn over him. \"I'm a little starstruck. I've seen so many of your films.\" \"Is that right? Glad someone on this ship knows talent when they see it.\" Sadie forced a smile at him as he went into the room. She rolled her eyes again, silently congratulating herself for her convincing acting. She actually hadn't seen a single Bruce Baxter film, and after meeting him, she never would. Sadie heard Bruce freak out when he saw his posters tainted from Jimmy's pen. But he didn't come out like she thought he would. Curious, she peeked inside the room to see what had stopped him. He was staring at the poster of himself with the mustache Jimmy had drawn. Sadie looked at the end of the hall and motioned for Jimmy to come over to her. They looked inside the room to find Bruce with a comb on his upper lip as he talked silently in the mirror and pretended to laugh. Sadie pressed her hand tightly to her mouth to stifle her giggles. Bruce must've heard that because he looked over and saw the two of them watching him. \"Hey, what are you doing here?\" he yelled. \"Go, go!\" Sadie laughed as she pushed Jimmy down the hallway. The two of them ran up to the main deck, and thankfully saw that Bruce hadn't followed them. \"If you get into any trouble, blame me,\" she told Jimmy as she continued to laugh. \"It'll be better if I take the blame instead of you.\" \"I can't let you do that.\" \"Captain Englehorn is my father.\" \"I didn't know he had a daughter.\" \"Surprise. What does that tell you?\" \"Well…\" \"Believe me, things will be better if I'm the one who gets in trouble for that.\" \"You'd take the blame for me?\" \"For causing Bruce Baxter grief? In a heartbeat.\" \"Sadie!\" Sadie went inside the steering room where Englehorn was. \"Yes?\" \"I heard you and Jimmy have been bothering Bruce Baxter.\" \"No, it was just me. I was the one who was bothering him. Jimmy didn't have anything to do with it.\" \"Sadie, I didn't bring you along on this trip to cause trouble.\" \"Come on, there's no way that you like Bruce Baxter.\" \"It doesn't matter how I feel. He's a passenger all the same. Just please try not to bother him anymore.\" \"Fine.\" Sadie left the steering room and went to the kitchen. \"Hi, Lumpy.\" \"Sadie, would you mind peeling these potatoes for me?\" \"If it means we get to have potatoes for dinner, I would be all too happy.\" Sadie hopped up on the counter and began peeling some of the potatoes. Mr. Hayes soon walked into the kitchen. \"Sadie, have you seen Jimmy?\" he asked. \"Um, not for a while. Why?\" \"He was supposed to do some work on deck and I can't find him.\" \"Oh, I'll go have a look. That is, if Lumpy doesn't mind.\" \"Of course I don't mind,\" Lumpy said. \"You're not supposed to be working anyway.\" \"I couldn't just not do any work while on the ship. Everyone needs to do a little something, including the captain's daughter.\" Sadie put the potatoes down and wiped some loose peelings off her dress. Then she headed down to the cabins to find Jimmy, and ended up on the stairs. Jimmy looked up at her and quickly put his finger to his lips. She made her footsteps silent and came all the way down the stairs. Jimmy was listening in on a conversation between Jack and Carl. \"We're filming on an island now?\" Jack asked. \"When did this happen?\" \"Jack, keep your voice down,\" Carl said. \"I don't want the crew getting spooked.\" \"Why would they get spooked? What's it called?\" \"All right. It has a local name, but I'm warning you, Jack, it doesn't sound good.\" He whispered something to Jack between the bars that Sadie couldn't make out. \"What's wrong with this place?\" \"There's nothing officially wrong with it. Because, technically, it hasn't been discovered yet.\" Sadie looked at Jimmy with a concerned look on her face. Was Carl really attempting to sail this ship to an island that may or may not exist? Jack took a deep breath. \"Okay. All right. So we arrive at this place. S…K…U…L…L Island.\" Carl turned his head and his eyes widened as he looked right at Sadie and Jimmy. Sadie looked away and hurried back up to the main deck. Jimmy followed not long after. Neither of them said a word to each other. Sadie was on deck with the rest of the film crew watching them shoot their first scene. \"All right, everyone, from the top! And action!\" Carl called. Ann ran onto deck next to Bruce. \"I think this is awfully exciting! I've never been on a ship before!\" \"I've never been on one with a woman before,\" Bruce answered hardly. \"I guess you don't think much of women on ships, do you?\" \"No, they're a nuisance.\" \"Well, I'll try not to be.\" \"Just being around is trouble.\" \"Well, is that a thing to say!\" Jack sighed next to her. Evidently, the scene was not going how he envisioned. \"Cut!\" Carl called when the scene was over. \"It's great. Bruce, wonderful performance. You can relax for 10 minutes.\" Bruce started walking in their direction. \"That was very natural. I felt moved.\" Sadie rolled her eyes. Carl was such a pushover and a suck-up. Bruce smirked, then looked at Jack. \"What do you think, Driscoll? Dialogue's got some flow now, huh?\" \"It was pure effluence,\" Jack answered with a thin smile. \"I beefed up the banter.\" \"Try to resist that impulse, hmm?\" \"It's just a little bit of humor, bud. What are you, a Bolshevik or something?\" He turned and went back to his cabin. \"Actors,\" Jack mumbled. \"They travel the world, but all they ever see is a mirror.\" Jack looked over at Ann who was powdering her nose as she looked at a compact mirror. The reflection landed on Jack for a split second and she quickly snapped the mirror shut. Jack smiled a little, something Sadie noticed immediately. \"You like her,\" she smiled at him. \"I beg your pardon?\" \"That way you just looked at her? I think you like her. Come on, we've been on this ship for several days already. It's enough time to develop small feelings for someone.\" \"She is beautiful…\" \"I knew it. You like her.\" Jack laughed and looked away from her in embarrassment. Sadie went over to Ann. \"Miss Darrow, that was an excellent scene.\" Ann turned and smiled a little, grateful to see that it wasn't Jack. \"Oh, please, call me Ann.\" \"Only if you call me Sadie.\" \"I was so nervous. Could you tell?\" \"Not one bit. I think you're a natural. Better than Mr. Baxter anyway.\" \"Wow, thank you.\" \"And if you can act like you actually enjoy being within three feet of him, you're a wonderful actress in my book.\" \"Mr. Baxter isn't all bad.\" Sadie looked at Ann and smiled. \"Yes, he is.\" Ann laughed lightly. \"He just takes pride in his work.\" \"Too much pride. Way too much.\" \"Ann!\" Carl called to her. \"We're ready to shoot the next scene.\" \"I'd better go,\" Ann said to Sadie. \"Good luck!\"[Chapter 4] \"Sea legs. Well, you know, sea legs.\" Sadie paused in the hallway when she heard Jack speaking. \"Not that you don't have good legs. Just making conversation.\" Sadie let out a small laugh as he fumbled over his words in front of the woman he so obviously admired. \"Jeez…Miss Darrow! About the scene today with you and Bruce…\" \"I know it wasn't what you wrote,\" Ann said meekly. \"But Mr. Baxter felt very strongly that when a man likes a woman…he must ignore her. And if things turn really hostile, then…No?\" \"Interesting theory.\" \"I know. I should have…\" \"It wasn't what I had intended, but…\" \"I'm sorry. I was…\" \"And you made it your own.\" There was a pause before Ann said quietly, \"I was nervous.\" \"It was funny, actually. You were funny.\" \"Please don't say another word. Good night.\" \"Miss Darrow,\" Jack called gently. \"You don't have to be nervous.\" Sadie raised her eyebrows knowingly. Jack had fallen for her. It didn't take long, but he had clearly fallen for her. She quickly hurried away before Jack caught her, not wanting to explain that she had been eavesdropping. Sadie ran up to the deck, but she was trying so hard to get away before she was seen that she slipped and began falling towards the hard deck. But before she could hit the ground, an arm snaked around her waist and back, and she looked up to see that Jimmy had caught her. Her cheeks reddened with embarrassment as he pulled her back up. \"Thank you,\" she mumbled. \"No…thank you. I heard you got in trouble with the captain about Bruce's posters.\" \"It's not a big deal. He just told me not to bother him anymore. See, things are a little…tense between me and my father at the moment. He left my mom and I about five years ago for a life at sea. Now he's trying to fix things between us.\" \"How's it going?\" \"Not as well as he wanted, I'm sure. I'm just so, so…angry at him.\" \"Things could be worse.\" \"I suppose so. I just wish he hadn't left.\" Sadie watched at the rear end of the deck as Carl shot another scene. There was a gorgeous sunset in the background as Ann ran to the railing, crying her heart out. Sadie had to admit that Ann was an absolutely amazing actress. She made Sadie want to walk up to her and hug her, even though she knew it was all fake. Suddenly, Ann's face changed and she didn't look so sad anymore. More like…flustered. Sadie looked over to see Jack behind Carl. She smirked to herself. It appeared the feeling was mutual between them. Carl looked behind him where Jack was standing then back to Ann. He sighed and looked back at Jack before taking the script pages from him. \"Thank you,\" he said dryly. \"Let's take it—\" He lightly pushed Jack on the chest. \"Would you please? We're trying to shoot a scene here.\" When Carl finished filming, Sadie walked up to Ann. \"What was that?\" \"What was what?\" \"That whole wordless interaction between you and Jack. I saw the way you were looking at each other. Something you want to tell me?\" Ann remained silent, but there was a look in her eye that Sadie could read. \"That's what I thought.\" Ann smiled awkwardly and went to change out of her dress. Sadie leaned against the railing of the ship as the sun set lower and lower. \"Sadie,\" someone said behind her. Captain Englehorn came and leaned against the railing next to her. \"Enjoying the trip so far?\" Sadie sighed. \"I can honestly say that it's not as bad as I thought it would be. And it's been nice to see everyone again.\" \"Sadie, I want you to know that…I've always cared about you.\" \"Daddy…I want to believe that but…\" \"I know it's hard to understand why I did what I did, but please know that I never stopped caring for either of you.\" \"But this life on the ocean was your whole world. And we couldn't compete with it.\" Englehorn looked down at his hands. \"If I could've, I would've taken you with me. But I couldn't leave your mother alone, and what kind of life would this be for a young teenager?\" \"What about Jimmy?\" \"Sadie, there's a whole other story there that even I don't fully understand. The fact of the matter is that I wanted what was best for you, and that meant you needed to stay in New York with your mother.\" \"If you truly wanted what was best for me, you wouldn't have left.\" Sadie left the railing and retreated to her cabin. Her mother said this trip would be good for them. Was this really good for anyone? Sadie was sitting on the counter in the kitchen peeling some more potatoes as Lumpy did the same, and Carl and Preston sat at the dining table discussing the film. \"If someone were to tell you this ship was headed for Singapore, what would you say?\" Mr. Hayes said as he came into the room. \"I would say they're full of it, Mr. Hayes,\" Lumpy told him. \"Well, we turned southwest last night.\" Sadie stopped peeling the potato in her hand. If they weren't going to Singapore after all…where exactly were they going? The mysterious island Carl had told Jack about? That may not even be real! Carl stood up from the table. \"Gentlemen, please. We're not looking for trouble.\" \"No.\" Jimmy walked into the room and joined the others. \"You're looking for something else.\" He made eye contact with Sadie and they recalled the moment down below where they listened to Carl tell Jack about where they were really going. Sadie hopped down from the counter and came over to the table. \"Yes, we are,\" Carl said. \"We're going to find Skull Island. Find it, film it, and show it to the world. For 25 cents, you get to see the last blank space on the map.\" \"I wouldn't be so sure of that,\" Lumpy said darkly. \"What do you mean?\" Preston asked. \"Seven years ago, me and Mr. Hayes were working our passage on a Norwegian bark. \"We picked up a castaway,\" Mr. Hayes explained. \"We found him in the water. He'd been drifting for days.\" \"His ship had run aground on an island way west of Sumatra. An island hidden in fog. He spoke of a huge wall, built so long ago, no one knew who'd made it. A wall 100 foot high, as strong today as it was ages ago.\" \"Why'd they build the wall?\" Preston asked shakily. \"Well, the castaway, he spoke of a creature, neither beast nor man, but something monstrous living behind that wall.\" \"A lion or a tiger,\" Carl said sarcastically. \"A man-eater. That's how all these stories start.\" \"What else did he say?\" Preston asked, seemingly growing more agitated. \"Nothing,\" Lumpy answered. \"We found him the next morning. He'd stuck a knife through his heart. Carl just laughed. \"Sorry, fellows. You'll have to do better than that.\" He gathered his supplies from the table and started to leave. \"Monsters belong in B movies.\" \"If you find this place,\" Mr. Hayes said ominously, \"if you go ashore with your friends and your cameras…you won't come back. Just as long as you understand that.\" Sadie looked from Mr. Hayes to Jimmy. She had a bad feeling about where this ship was headed. If the island did end up being real, then from the sound of it, they were all in trouble.[Chapter 5] \"Hey, Sadie!\" Jimmy called. \"Come here! You should see this!\" Sadie went to the front of the ship where Jimmy was. \"What is it?\" \"Look.\" He pointed down below into the ocean. Sadie gasped when she saw several dolphins swimming alongside the ship. \"They're so beautiful,\" she remarked. \"We get to see them all the time.\" \"That must be nice.\" Sadie let the wind caress her face as she stood by the railing at the front of the ship. It blew her hair back away from her face and whistled in her ears. She had to admit that as the scent of the ocean reached her nose, she felt more peaceful than ever. \"I love the ocean,\" she said quietly more to herself than to Jimmy. Jimmy smiled and put his hand on hers. She looked over at him and smiled back. Sadie had never felt so comfortable around someone like him before, and the same could be said for the young crew member. Sadie was alone in the kitchen, sweeping up some of the various peelings and chunks of meat. She turned at the sound of footsteps and saw Ann entering the kitchen. \"Hi, Ann!\" Sadie said brightly. \"Looking for someone?\" \"I just needed something to eat. I've been shooting scenes all day, and I'm famished.\" \"Well, Lumpy's not here right now, but I'm sure I could make up a little something for you. He's been teaching me how to cook these past few days.\" Sadie went through the kitchen, grabbing a couple pots and various pieces of food. She started to make up some vegetables for the two of them. \"How's the movie been going?\" Sadie asked as she started cutting up the vegetables and putting them in the pot. \"It's been a challenge. I've never acted on film before.\" \"Well, from what I've seen, you're a natural. Has Bruce been difficult to work with?\" \"Honestly…a bit. He's a wonderful actor, but he never experiments. There's no room for freedom when he acts, which means there's little room for freedom on my part.\" \"That could get annoying. I just hate it when actors think that just because they're famous, they walk on water.\" \"You haven't seen that with me, have you?\" \"No!\" Sadie said quickly. \"Not at all. In fact, you're starting to restore my opinion of actors after Bruce pretty much destroyed it.\" Ann smiled at her. \"So, any luck in the…Mr. Driscoll department?\" Ann stiffened her posture. \"I'm sure I don't know what you mean.\" \"Ann, I may only be nineteen, but I'm not stupid. It's very clear that there is some kind of attraction between you two.\" Ann paused and then asked quietly, \"You think so?\" \"Of course I do. I wouldn't say it if I didn't. He's been unable to stop staring at you ever since you shot the first scene of the movie.\" \"I thought he would hate me after what happened when we first met.\" \"It could've been worse. Trust me. Besides, that's a thing of the past. You're beautiful, and you're extremely nice and humble. I can understand why he fell for you.\" \"You flatter me.\" Sadie finished cooking the vegetables and placed them in two bowls before coming over to the table and sitting across from Ann. \"What about you?\" Ann asked. \"Anyone in particular who's caught your eye?\" \"Not really. Not as much as you and Jack anyway.\" \"What about that boy who works on the ship? What's his name…? Um…Jimmy.\" \"Jimmy?\" Sadie laughed. \"No, I don't think so.\" \"Well, why not?\" \"I don't know. He's just…not my type.\" \"What makes you say that?\" \"He works on a tramp steamer for one thing. And he steals people's possessions a lot. And I don't really know much about his life before he came onto this ship. But I'm afraid to ask him about it because from what Mr. Hayes said, he won't talk about it. I don't want to upset him.\" \"The fact that you don't want to upset him shows that you care for him.\" \"No, it just means I'm being considerate of his feelings.\" Ann raised her eyebrows with a smile. Sadie groaned when she realized that she had just proved Ann's point further. \"By the way,\" Ann added, \"Lumpy better watch out. You may put him out of a job.\" A party was held on the rear deck to break up the monotonous routine that had been going on for several weeks. Sadie was all too happy to join in on the festivities since it took her mind off what was happening with her father. Several of the crew members started playing various instruments with Choy providing some vocals. \"Choy!\" Sadie called. \"Play my favorite song!\" Choy smiled and began to play Marie's Wedding . The other crew members joined in on their drums and guitars and flutes. Bruce pushed Ann to the center of the group. As Choy began to sing, Ann began doing a small dance from her days working vaudeville. \"Join her!\" Mr. Hayes told Jimmy. Jimmy just smiled and shook his head as he looked at Ann. Mr. Hayes looked over at Sadie, and she smiled knowingly. Together, the two of them pushed Jimmy into the center with Ann. Sadie laughed at his surprise and started clapping along with the music. Jimmy looked at Ann's feet and began to mimic her dance moves. Pretty soon, the two of them were smiling and dancing together. Sadie was fairly surprised. She had no idea Jimmy was such a talented dancer! Ann danced over to Lumpy and took his hat from him. Then she danced back over to Jimmy as she put Lumpy's hat on her head. She and Jimmy resumed their fast-paced dance. The two of them latched hands and spun around in a circle. Jimmy picked her up and she fell over his shoulder as the song ended. Jimmy set her back down and everyone applauded the two of them for their impressive dancing and Choy for his vocal abilities. Sadie did not miss the look Jack and Ann shared with each other. Jimmy then went over to Sadie as Choy and the crew members started to play The Rocky Road to Dublin . \"Your turn.\" \"Oh, no,\" Sadie said with a small laugh. \"I…I can't dance.\" \"If you're going to make me dance, then you're dancing too.\" Jimmy took Sadie's hand and quickly led her to the center of the circle before she could back out. He took one of her hands in his and put his other hand on her waist. Then he led her in a small dance around the deck. At one point, he spun her out and then back into him. He spun her back out again, still holding her hand, and proceeded to move his feet in time with the music. Sadie watched his movement and copied it on the next portion of the song. They did this several times before the two of them began dancing together again. Sadie took his hand so that one arm was behind her back grasping his and the other was across his chest to take his other hand, and they moved in a fluid circle around the deck. Jimmy took both of her hands and moved out then in on the right side, then back out, and then in again on the left side. He spun her out and when he pulled her back in, he wrapped his arm around her waist while her hand went on his neck and then spun around in a circle. Then they took each other's hands and their feet moved in time with the music all across the deck. When the song ended, Jimmy swept Sadie up into his arms and spun around with her as she laughed. Their eyes met, and for a split second, Sadie forgot about everything around her. She couldn't remember the last time she had been so happy. Jimmy set her back down onto the deck, and the two of them went back over to Mr. Hayes. Similar to how Sadie had noticed the look between Ann and Jack, Mr. Hayes noticed the look between Sadie and Jimmy. \"Hey, Sadie?\" Jimmy said as he came up next to her on the railing. \"I wanted to tell you how sorry I am for taking your books when you first got on the ship.\" \"Jimmy…if you wanted to read the books, you could've just asked me. I would've let you read them.\" \"You don't understand, Sadie. Sometimes when I want something, I can't help but just take it. I know it's wrong, and I've tried not to do it, but I just…can't help it.\" Sadie looked at him. \"You're a kleptomaniac.\" \"What?\" \"Uh…it means you can't resist the urge to steal things.\" \"There's actually a name for it?\" \"In some cases. Yours being one of them, I think.\" \"Well, is there any way to stop it?\" \"Whenever you have the urge to steal something, you need to focus your mind on something else. Something that will make you forget about wanting to take whatever it is you wanted.\" \"What am I supposed to think about?\" Sadie thought for a second. Then she quickly leaned towards him and gave him a small peck on the cheek. \"You can think about that.\" She smiled and spun around to return to her cabin. \"Aim for that spot right there.\" Sadie held her father's Luger pistol firmly in her hand. He was currently teaching her how to use a gun, since he wasn't sure what they were about to face in the future. He was also well aware that New York wasn't a pretty place either, especially in such desperate times, and he wanted to feel confident that his daughter could protect herself. Sadie aimed the gun at a crate that sat on deck. Englehorn had drawn a mark on the crate for her to hit. She fired off the gun and missed the mark completely. She sighed as she lowered the gun. \"That's the fifth time I've missed. This is hopeless.\" \"It takes practice, Sadie. Reload the gun and try again.\" Sadie loaded up the gun again like Englehorn had shown her and then aimed at the mark once more. Englehorn stood behind her. \"Keep both eyes open. Make sure your feet are shoulder width apart with one foot slightly in front of the other. Align your sight properly. Now…shoot.\" Sadie fired the gun again and this time, she hit the mark. She gasped lightly as she lowered the gun. \"I did it.\" Englehorn smiled. \"Yes, you did. Alright, let's practice some more. Soon, you'll be able to hit any target, no matter how small, without even thinking about it.\" Later in the evening when the sun was beginning to set, Sadie looked up and saw Jimmy in the crow's nest. She climbed up the rope and sat up there with him. He almost had a heart attack when her head popped up next to him. \"You know, you should start warning me when you're nearby,\" he said to her as he tried to catch his breath. Sadie laughed. \"Sorry. See anything interesting up here?\" \"As usual…not a thing. I usually just sit up here and read.\" \"What are you reading?\" \" Heart of Darkness .\" \"I've read that before. It's an entertaining read. I really enjoyed it.\" \"Who do you like better? Marlow or Kurtz?\" \"Probably Marlow because he knows what he thinks and why he thinks it. He's really confident, and he's seen enough of the world to know the good and the bad parts of it. Kurtz has outstanding charisma and is a good leader, but I feel like he plays things down to make them seem fine, but in reality, it's all one big nightmare.\" \"But Kurtz is just as eloquent as Marlow.\" \"Maybe so, but Marlow tells it like it is. Kurtz doesn't.\" Sadie shivered as the wind picked up. \"Are you cold?\" Jimmy asked. \"A little.\" \"Here.\" He took off his jacket and wrapped it around Sadie's shoulders. \"Better?\" Sadie smiled as she felt her cheeks grow warm. \"Much.\" She looked out over the sea from their perch. The gorgeous blue of the ocean was framed by the beautiful pinks and oranges in the sky. \"The ocean is so beautiful from up here.\" \"It's pretty cool to get to see this kind of thing almost every night.\" \"I'm sure. I could stay up here forever.\" \"Really?\" Sadie looked over and met Jimmy's eyes. \"Really.\" The two of them ended up talking for hours up in the crow's nest until Jimmy's watch had ended, and it was well past the time for Sadie to be asleep.[Chapter 6] Sadie rounded a corner on the deck, and saw Lumpy with a cabbage in his hand that had pieces of fruit in it to form a face. She became rather speechless when she saw him speaking to the head of cabbage and about to kiss it. \"Um…am I interrupting something?\" \"Sadie!\" Lumpy exclaimed as he bolted up and tossed the cabbage away from him. \"Uh, the captain wants to see you in his quarters.\" Sadie nodded, not really sure how to take what she had just seen. \"Alright…thanks, Lumpy.\" Sadie walked up the stairs to the steering room and walked inside. She then went to the back room where Englehorn's room was. \"You wanted to see me?\" \"I just wanted to know how you've been doing. We haven't spoken much.\" \"I'm fine, Daddy. I'm staying out of trouble like you wanted.\" \"I'm glad to hear that. But are you happy?\" Sadie took a deep breath, and she finally found that after spending six weeks on a boat with her father, she could no longer hold back her anger. \"No, I'm not happy. At least not when I'm around you. You abandoned Mom and me just as things started to get really bad. You left me to grow up without a father. I hate you for that! I have nothing left for you but hatred ! I've tried really hard to get along with you this whole time, but the truth is that I hate you!\" \"You cannot talk to your father that way!\" Englehorn bellowed. \"You stopped being my father when you left me.\" Sadie spun around and practically sprinted down below to where the cages were. Thankfully, Jack was not down below as he must've been shooting a scene elsewhere. Sadie went inside one of the back cages. It was the largest one, next to the one Jack had chosen. \"Sadie?\" Sadie screamed when Jimmy suddenly appeared out of nowhere in the cage. \"So that's what that feels like.\" \"What are you doing down here?\" \"…Hiding.\" \"Well, there's no better place than here. Trust me.\" Sadie sat next to him and leaned her back on the wall. \"I really wanted to fix things with the captain on this voyage. I really did. But I can't help just hating him for leaving me five years ago.\" \"I understand.\" \"He left Mom and me to fend for ourselves in New York City. If Mom didn't have a decent job, I don't know where we would've ended up. I mean, did he even think of what would happen to us when he left?\" \"I don't know.\" \"I wish that he could just understand how I feel.\" Jimmy didn't respond, and they just sat in silence for a few minutes. Sadie rested her head on Jimmy's shoulder. She had never met anyone who was such a good listener. Jimmy quietly opened the door to Sadie's cabin. She was asleep in the small bed. Her hair was splayed out across the pillow in several different directions. He just admired her for a few seconds longer, taking in her gorgeousness. She looked so beautiful that he almost didn't want to wake her up. Finally, he crept over to her bedside. He put his hand over her mouth so she didn't alert anyone to his presence. Her eyes popped open in shock. When she realized it was only Jimmy, she quickly removed his hand from her mouth and sat up a little. \"What?\" she asked shortly in a whisper. \"Come with me.\" \"You know, I don't think this is considered very appropriate.\" \"It'll be worth it.\" Sadie quietly groaned. \"Turn around.\" Jimmy turned around, and Sadie pulled the blanket off her before getting out of bed. Then she grabbed her white translucent cover-up and slipped it over her nightgown. \"Okay. Now why exactly did you wake me up?\" Jimmy grabbed her hand and led her out to the deck. They lay down side by side with their hands behind their heads and gazed up at the beautiful stars above. \"Wow,\" Sadie murmured. \"I will admit that this is rather breathtaking. I've never seen so many stars in the sky all at once.\" \"See that one?\" Jimmy said, pointing to one of the stars. \"That's the North Star. Mr. Hayes taught me that. He said that that star has helped a lot of sailors navigate the ocean when they were lost.\" At that moment, a bright star shot across the sky. \"A shooting star!\" Sadie exclaimed. \"Make a wish.\" Silence fell between them as each of them sent wishes up to the night sky on the falling star. \"What did you wish for?\" Jimmy asked. \"I can't tell you,\" she laughed. \"Then it won't come true.\" There was a bit more comfortable silence as they continued to look up at the stars. Sadie recognized some of the constellations that her father had taught her when she was younger. \"It worked, you know,\" Jimmy said, finally breaking the silence. \"What do you mean?\" Jimmy propped himself up on his elbow and faced her as she did the same. \"I almost took something from one of the cabins, but then I thought about what you told me to think about, and…I ended up not taking it. That's the first time that's ever happened.\" Sadie smiled a bit, and then met his eyes again. \"You really want to know what I wished for?\" She paused, and then told him, \"I wished that you would kiss me.\" Jimmy took her head in his hands and gently pressed his lips to hers. His hand traveled down to caress her neck. Sadie put her hands on his arms and deepened the kiss with him. She loved the sensation of his lips moving against hers in perfect rhythm. Dancing was not his only strong suit. That much was certain. Up above them, right outside the steering room, Mr. Hayes came out and put his hands on the railing. He caught sight of the two teenagers and gave a small smile. Oh to be young and in love. Englehorn came out and started to walk up next to him. \"Looks like your daughter is enjoying the trip after all,\" Mr. Hayes said. Englehorn looked down to where Jimmy and Sadie were, and he was not happy with what he saw. The young boy kissing his daughter in her nightgown , no less? \"Oh, no. That is not acceptable.\" He started to go down to stop them, but Mr. Hayes put his hand on his arm. \"Captain, leave them be. Sadie is already angry at you, so don't make it worse. Besides, she deserves this after what she's put up with for the past few weeks. And I have never seen Jimmy so happy the whole time I've known him. Just let them have their moment. They're both adults after all.\" Englehorn sighed and reluctantly returned to his quarters. The two teenagers once again lay down on the deck looking up at the sky. Sadie rested her head on Jimmy's chest as his arm wrapped around her. After a while, Jimmy looked over to see that Sadie had fallen asleep in his embrace. He carefully moved slowly so as not to wake her up, and then he gently picked her up in his arms and carried her back to her cabin. He laid her down in her bed and pressed a soft kiss to her lips before closing the door to her cabin, feeling as if he was walking on air.[Chapter 7] Sadie awoke in bed and immediately smiled broadly when she remembered what had happened the previous night. She couldn't wait to tell her mother when she got back. Of course, a lot of things could happen between now and the return trip to New York in regards to their relationship… Well, there was no use thinking about what may or may not happen in the future. Sadie had never experienced this kind of romantic involvement before. At home, she had had several men interested in her, and she had been on many outings with some of them, but things had never progressed as far as things had between her and Jimmy. She wasn't sure what to think or what to do. Nevertheless, none of that mattered to her. She was far too ecstatic for it to matter. Sadie dressed and then went up on deck towards the front of the ship and let the breeze send a wave of goosebumps up and down her arms. Suddenly, two arms wrapped around her waist from behind while a small kiss was planted on her cheek. \"Good morning,\" Jimmy said quietly in her ear. Sadie giggled. \"Good morning to you.\" \"Sleep well?\" \"…Better than ever.\" \"Let me just say that…last night was the best night of my life. And I'm not exaggerating.\" Sadie smiled. \"I'm glad you think that way. I think it was one of the best nights of my life too.\" \"You may regret coming on this voyage because of how things are with the captain, but I couldn't be happier that you decided to come.\" \"After last night…I don't regret coming at all.\" Sadie wrapped her arms around Jimmy's neck and pulled him close to her as she gently kissed him. The wind picked up as their lips met, seemingly enjoying Sadie and Jimmy's new relationship as much as the young couple did. Sadie was in her room, waiting anxiously for Jimmy's shift up in the crow's nest to end. Mr. Hayes had made it clear that he had to stay focused while he was up there and that she was not to bother him. She was reading a book when the loud sound of the foghorn went off, making her jump. Curious as to what was going on, she closed the book and went out on deck next to Jack. The foghorn went off several more times as the fog got thicker and thicker around them. Sadie could barely see a foot in front of her. \"30 fathoms! No bottom!\" one of the crew members called out. Several moments passed as the ship made a slight turn. \"We have seabed! 25 fathoms!\" \"Another reading!\" Hayes ordered. \"22 fathoms!\" Sadie tried to see what was ahead of them. It had to be land if they were shallowing, but it was impossible to tell because hardly anything was visible. How was her father steering in this? \"10 fathoms!\" \"WALL! THERE'S A WALL AHEAD!\" Jimmy screamed from the crow's nest. Sadie's widened eyes saw what Jimmy was talking about as the fog cleared a bit, and a huge wall came into their vision. They were going too fast. There was no way the ship could turn in time. Sadie grabbed onto the railing and braced herself. The ship collided with the wall, and the impact sent her flying. Jack firmly grabbed her wrist and pulled her back upright. The ship began to back away from the wall as a result of the force. \"Rocks!\" Jack called out as they saw huge rock formations taller than the ship come through the fog. \"Rocks!\" \"Rocks to starboard, Captain!\" Jimmy yelled. \"To port! Rocks everywhere!\" The ship hit several rocks, and went careening through the water. Sadie hung onto the railing for dear life, praying that Jimmy was okay up in the crow's nest. After sailing through the dangerous waters trying to avoid more rocks, the ship crashed into a huge rock and stuck fast. Sadie relaxed her death grip on the railing. \"Sadie!\" Englehorn called from outside the steering room. \"Are you alright?\" \"I'm okay!\" Sadie called back. Jimmy climbed down from the crow's nest, and as soon as his feet were back on the deck, Sadie ran over to him and flung her arms around his neck, incredibly thankful that he was safe after the treacherous journey the Venture had gone through. She held onto him tightly, letting his shirt ball into her tight fist. His arms wrapped around her waist, and they just held onto each other for a while. As Englehorn looked at the couple, a small part of him felt hurt that Sadie went straight to Jimmy instead of him. He hadn't realized it, but it occurred to him how much he missed the feeling of his daughter hugging him. The island looked at the ship as if mocking it. No one knew just what they were about to face. Water had started to flow in at the bottom of the ship from all the hits it had taken against the rock. Jimmy called for Englehorn and then pointed towards the island. \"Right there!\" Sadie followed where he was pointing and saw a small rowboat with Carl, Ann, Jack, and some other crew members rowing to the island. \"Want me to bring them back?\" Hayes asked Englehorn. Englehorn turned to face him. \"I don't care about Carl Denham.\" He turned to his crew members. \"I want this ship fixed and ready to float on the next high tide! Come on, move it!\" Then he turned back to Mr. Hayes. \"We're leaving, Mr. Hayes.\" Sadie shook her head. Didn't he know that it wasn't just Carl on that boat? Surely he didn't dislike everyone on it. Jimmy sat reading Heart of Darkness again while he waited for some work to do. He slowly closed the book and looked up at Mr. Hayes. \"Why does Marlow keep going up the river? Why doesn't he turn back?\" \"There's a part of him that wants to, Jimmy,\" Mr. Hayes told him. \"A part deep inside himself that sounds a warning. But there's another part…that needs to know. To defeat the thing which makes him afraid. 'We could not understand because we were too far and could not remember because we were travelling in the night of first ages, of those ages that are gone, leaving hardly a sign—and no memories. We are accustomed to look upon the shackled form of a conquered monster, but there—there you could look at a thing monstrous and free.\" Sadie had to give him credit for remembering such a long passage from the book. She enjoyed reading it, but she couldn't quote it. The way he spoke the words made the story so much more real to her. \"It's not an adventure story…is it, Mr. Hayes?\" Mr. Hayes looked at him seriously. \"No, Jimmy. It's not.\" Sadie looked over at the ominous island in front of them, suddenly desiring nothing more than to get out of its sight. She felt as if it was taunting her with the secrets it hid behind its walls. Out of nowhere, a very loud scream pierced the air that couldn't have come from anyone but Ann. But what followed the scream was a loud and unearthly roar so fierce that made Sadie's very bones tremble. What could possibly have made that noise…? \"Get us out of here, Hayes,\" Englehorn ordered quietly. Sadie marched up to him. \"Daddy, you are not leaving those people on that island. They could be in trouble! I don't care about Carl Denham either, but Ann and Jack are my friends, and so help me, if you don't do something, I will dive off this ship and swim to that island. So get some lifeboats and go get them.\" \"You do not tell me how to run my ship!\" Englehorn yelled. Sadie stared him down, never once breaking her glare. Finally, Englehorn sighed and said, \"Mr. Hayes, prepare a landing party quickly.\" Sadie boarded the first boat with Englehorn. They rowed ashore and quickly went deeper into the island to find the others. There were the sounds of loud shouts and yells and screams. Hadn't Carl believed this island to be deserted? Sadie's mouth dropped open at the sight of what felt like hundreds of native people restraining everyone who had come ashore. Englehorn shot his pistol and killed a native who was about to bludgeon Carl to death. The natives panicked at the sight of one of their own being killed by a mysterious weapon, and began screaming and running into their houses as crew members scoured the place, looking for survivors. \"Ann!\" Sadie ran over to a crying Ann and wrapped her arms around her comfortingly. \"It's alright, it's alright. You're safe now.\" As much as Ann wanted to believe that, she didn't feel safe at all. Englehorn looked at Carl sharply. \"Seen enough?\"[Chapter 8] The waves were crashing over the ship violently as everyone tried their best to free it from the rock. \"Lighten the ship!\" Englehorn ordered. \"Anything that's not bolted down goes overboard!\" Seawater got into Sadie's eyes as she tried desperately to help the others throw things off the ship and into the water. Lumpy threw out half his kitchen items leaving her wondering how he was going to continue making food for them. \"Chuck everything except for the potatoes!\" he yelled. Well, at least they would still have potatoes on the journey back. It was better than nothing. Besides, they really needed to get out of here. Something had happened on that island, and Sadie didn't want to stick around to find out what. She couldn't get the sight of Ann looking so scared out of her mind. She had never seen the woman so terrified. And Ann was a tough girl, so if she was scared, it must've been something really bad. Jack came stumbling out of the kitchen and immediately got hit by a wave. He picked something up from the ground and then ran over to Jimmy and Sadie. \"Where's Ann?\" he asked frantically. \"What?\" Another wave hit them. \"Where's Ann?\" he yelled louder over chaos. Jack ran off to Ann's cabin in a frenzy when neither of them gave him an answer fast enough. Sadie started down another hallway but quickly wished she hadn't. On the ground in a large pool of blood was Andy. She felt vomit rise up in her throat at the sight of the dead body. She gagged and went back out to the railing where she got hit by yet another wave. This time she welcomed the cold water as it provided slight relief to her body that was now drenched in a cold sweat. Jimmy came over to her as the ship finally loosened from the rock. \"Are you okay?\" he yelled over the waves. Her breathing came in ragged gasps, unable to get the sight of Andy out of her head. The ship finally managed to sail away from the island, but their victory was short-lived. \"No!\" Jack screamed running to the steering room where Englehorn was. \"Stop! Turn back! Stop! We have to turn back.\" He paused halfway up the stairs. \"They've taken Ann.\" Everyone looked back in the direction of the island. Sure enough, they could hear the faint sounds of drums beating and fire lighting up the night sky alerting them to the natives' activity. \"All hands going ashore, report to stations!\" Mr. Hayes ordered. \"Jump to it! Jump to it, gentlemen!\" Everyone grabbed as many guns as they could find on the ship. Englehorn started going into his secret stash of weapons and handed guns to each man. Sadie ran up to her father's cabin and grabbed his Lugar pistol that she had learned how to shoot. Then she and Jimmy hopped into one of the lifeboats. They quickly rowed to the shores of the island. Jack bolted off as soon as the boat hit the ground and sprinted to where the natives were. \"Spread out! Find her!\" he yelled to the others. Lumpy started shooting his gun to warn the natives of their presence. \"Miss Darrow!\" Mr. Hayes yelled. \"Check up there, Jimmy!\" \"Everybody stay together!\" Englehorn ordered. \"Ann!\" Jack cried desperately. \"She's here somewhere!\" The same unearthly roar that they had heard only a few hours ago sounded out again, but this time, it was much louder and fiercer if that was even possible. \"What in God's name was that?\" Englehorn whispered. A loud and very long shrill scream echoed through the night air. Sadie's heart sank to her feet. \"Behind the wall!\" Jack yelled. \"Behind the wall!\" He started frantically climbing the stairs to get to the top of the wall. He was only gone for a few seconds before he came back and yelled to the others, \"She's gone!\" He slowly came back down the steps and looked over at Carl. \"Carl, what is it? You saw something.\" Carl just stood there in a state of shock, breathing heavily, unable to answer him. Everyone started loading up their guns and packing extra ammo to go scour the island and rescue Ann. \"You can take Hayes and 15 others,\" Englehorn told Jack. \"I'll put a guard on the gate until you return. The rest of you stay with the ship.\" Englehorn looked at his daughter. \"Sadie, that means you.\" \"What?\" \"You think I'm going to let you go out on that island after what I just heard?\" \"Daddy, I can take care of myself. Whatever is out there can't possibly be that bad.\" \"You still haven't gotten the hang of using a gun. The answer is no. Get back to the ship.\" Sadie sighed as she glared at him and turned around dejectedly. Ann was her friend. She wanted to go help find her with the others. Her father was just way too overprotective. But he didn't have the right to be after he had abandoned her. \"You got guns. You got food. You got the ammo. And you got 24 hours!\" \"24 hours?\" Bruce murmured. \"This time tomorrow, we haul anchor.\" Sadie looked at the men going through the wall to search for Ann. When no one was looking, including her father, she slipped the Lugar pistol into the belt on her dress. Then she slipped through the gate to go off and join the search party. It didn't take her long to catch up with them. She hung behind them for a few minutes before Mr. Hayes finally noticed the additional member they had to the search party. \"Sadie, what do you think you're doing?\" he demanded angrily. \"I just want to help, okay? Look, assuming we do find Ann, it might be good for her to have some contact with another female.\" \"Is that the reason or are you doing this to spite your father?\" Sadie didn't answer for a second. Then she finally said, \"I'm doing this for myself as well, okay?\" Mr. Hayes sighed heavily. \"The only reason I'm letting you stay is because I'm not about to let you go through that jungle by yourself in order to get back. But let's get one thing straight. You do exactly as I say without hesitation. Is that understood?\" \"Yes, sir.\" They continued on through the jungle, but they stopped when they heard quiet stomping. In a panic, everyone began shooting their guns over and over again in multiple directions. \"Cut it out!\" Mr. Hayes yelled. \"Hold your fire! Hold your fire!\" Everyone stopped and listened again as Mr. Hayes lit a flare. Suddenly, a huge dinosaur came barreling straight for them! Mr. Hayes wrapped his arms protectively around Sadie and forced her to run. They hid behind a portion of an overgrown tree while the dinosaur hit the crew members with its head and body sending them flying every which way. Multiple cracks rang out as several body parts snapped. \"Stay down!\" Mr. Hayes ordered as he kept one arm on Sadie. \"Stay down!\" Jack ran out and grabbed Preston who was trying to avoid the dinosaur's stomping feet. He got Preston to safety right before he was tossed onto the tree. \"Jack!\" Sadie cried. The dinosaur came after Jack which also happened to be where Sadie and Mr. Hayes were hiding. Mr. Hayes took his gun and shot the dinosaur several times before it fell over dead. He helped Sadie up from their hiding spot. \"You okay?\" \"I'm fine,\" she said quietly, trying to catch her breath. \"Aren't these things supposed to be extinct?\" someone asked as they all looked at the dead dinosaur. \"They are now,\" Lumpy said. The group journeyed further into the jungle with repeated shouts of \"Ann!\" and \"Miss Darrow!\" Sadie could hear shrill screams coming from the distance in between loud and fierce roars. A part of her wondered if it would be possible to find Ann alive in such a treacherous place. They continued walking through the island when they came across hundreds upon hundreds of bones. Human bones. Jack picked up a strange-looking necklace that had a lock of blonde hair stuck on it. It had to have come from Ann. \"It's a bleeding boneyard!\" Lumpy exclaimed. \"They've been ripped limb from limb.\" Jack threw the necklace on the ground in frustration. \"Ann! Ann!\" Sadie went over to him. \"I think she's still alive. If…whatever this thing is ate these people, it wouldn't have left all these bones.\" \"I hope you're right.\" The group started to press on deeper into the jungle. The trees were split at the trunks and knocked down in order to make a path for whatever must've taken Ann. \"Just keep walking, Mr. Hayes. Pretend you didn't see me.\" Sadie turned at the sound of Jimmy's voice. What was he doing here? \"Jeez, Jimmy. First Sadie, now you.\" Mr. Hayes furiously took his gun from him. \"Hey, I need that!\" \"I'm not giving you a gun!\" \"You were younger than me when they gave you one!\" \"I was in the army. I was trained. I had a drill sergeant.\" Jimmy looked at him with desperation in his eyes. \"I wanna help bring her back.\" Mr. Hayes handed him the rifle again, but stopped him for a second. \"Don't make me regret it.\" Jimmy continued walking, and Sadie waited for him to get to where she was. \"For what it's worth,\" she said quietly, \"I'm glad you're here.\" Jimmy smiled at her and took her hand in his.[Chapter 9] Now that it was daylight, the insects present on the island decided to make themselves known, and it appeared they didn't really like the intruders. To Sadie's disgust, the insects were much bigger than the ones back in New York. They kept flying around everyone's face, threatening to leave the members of the party with welts and bites that would never go away. Lumpy started getting really frustrated and tried to hit some of them with his frying pan. Then he took his gun and furiously attempted to shoot one of them. \"Conserve your ammunition!\" Mr. Hayes ordered. Lumpy shot the insect one more time, then continued on with the others. Soon, they ended up in a small gorge with a couple of natural bridges overhead. By this point, they had all been walking for several hours and were exhausted. The extreme humidity on the island wasn't helping, and everyone was pouring sweat. It had to be at least 90 degrees by now. \"I'm knackered,\" one of the crew members said. \"I can't breathe,\" Lumpy added. \"I need a breather.\" Jack looked at all of the men as they began sitting down on some of the rocks. \"Fellows, we don't have time for this. We've lost too much ground already. Come on, get up!\" \"They're not about to quit on you,\" Mr. Hayes said to him. \"Cut them some slack.\" He turned to the crew members. \"All right, you got five minutes! Everybody stay in sight!\" One of the crew members handed Sadie a canteen. \"Here you are, miss. Drink some of this.\" \"Thank you,\" Sadie said as she took the canteen. She took a couple gulps of water, letting the cool liquid wash down her throat. \"Bloody Nora!\" Lumpy exclaimed. Everyone turned to find Jack and Lumpy looking at an absolutely huge footprint on the ground. \"Is that what took Miss Darrow?\" Jimmy asked. \"There's only one creature capable of leaving a footprint that size.\" Everyone looked to Lumpy for the conclusion to his statement. \"The Abominable Snowman.\" Sadie groaned and rolled her eyes. They didn't have time for Lumpy's 'jokes'. \"Yeah, a snowman,\" one the crew members mumbled sarcastically. \"We dead meat.\" Mr. Hayes knelt down to Jack's level. \"It's got to be what, 20, 25 feet?\" \"Carl saw it,\" Jack said. \"Let's ask him.\" \"Denham!\" Mr. Hayes called as he stood up. The man was nowhere in sight. \"Where'd he go?\" Sadie rolled her eyes again. \"He's going to get himself killed,\" she said to Jimmy. \"He's going to get all of us killed at the rate he's going.\" \"It's that stupid film of his,\" Jimmy answered. \"I hate directors even more than I hate actors.\" Suddenly, the ground started shaking beneath them. Rocks fell from the sides and threatened to land on some of the crew members. Jimmy instinctively pulled Sadie closer to him and away from the falling rock. Loud groaning was heard behind them, and they all turned to find Bruce running in their direction. \"What is it? What is it? Where's Carl?\" Jack asked him. \"Carl?\" Bruce said in a panic. \"He's, uh, he's up there, filming.\" Bruce continued running down the gorge. The other crew members started to get worried and followed him. Mr. Hayes, Jack, Jimmy, and Sadie stayed behind to figure out what was going on. Soon Herb came limping past them. Carl came running into their view holding his tripod. \"Run, Jack!\" Sadie's mouth dropped open as a herd of Brontosauruses followed him. \"Go, Jimmy! Go, Sadie! Run!\" Mr. Hayes yelled. \"Run, run, run!\" Jack cried. Jimmy and Sadie took off running down the gorge to escape from the stampeding dinosaurs. Never had Sadie run so fast in her entire life. It was impossible to escape the stampede, so they all just tried their best not to get trampled by the dinosaurs' legs. Sadie unfortunately got to witness one unlucky crew member fall beneath a large foot. As if things couldn't get worse, Venatosauruses ambushed the stampede. The large raptor-like dinosaurs leapt onto the Brontosauruses and tried to catch various members of the party. Mr. Hayes leapt over one and kicked its head in the process. Sadie would praise him for that later. She and Jimmy made it to the edge of a cliff and stopped for a second. The Brontosauruses were so large that they couldn't make the sharp turn and began tumbling over the side of the cliff, taking another member of the party with them. Jimmy pushed Sadie forward and the two of them ran across the edge of the cliff that was quickly beginning to dissolve since it couldn't hold the weight of all the Brontosauruses. When they finally made it around the cliff, Sadie heard gunshots and the Brontosauruses suddenly started collapsing into one huge pile, crushing more crew members and tossing them all over the place. Mr. Hayes grabbed Jimmy and Sadie and pushed them against the rock wall away from the collapsing dinosaurs. Sadie tried desperately to catch her breath from all the running as they watched crew members scramble out of the pile before they were crushed. But they were not in the clear yet. More Ventosauruses that had survived the pile-up were coming after them. Mr. Hayes shot one of them as Jimmy urgently ran with Sadie up to higher ground. \"Sadie, grab my hand!\" Jimmy yelled. Sadie quickly grabbed his outstretched hand and he hefted her up the incline. Once they were a far enough distance away, she turned behind her just in time to see Herb get dragged off by the two remaining Ventosauruses. She closed her eyes and looked away from the gruesome sight. Jimmy gently put his arm around her, unable to look away from the horrors in front of him. Then they pushed on and went to join the others. Everyone crashed down on the ground by a large lake. They all bandaged each other up and shared their canteens. Sadie rubbed her temple with her fingers. She was now fully regretting her decision to join the search party. For once, her father was right. She should've just stayed on the ship. \"Jimmy, do a head count,\" Mr. Hayes ordered. \"I want to know how many are injured and how bad.\" \"Injured?\" Lumpy said shortly as he bandaged up Choy's leg. \"Four of us are dead!\" Jack began making a raft for them all to cross the lake. People grabbed what large sticks they could find and scrounged out some rope from their supplies to tie them all together. \"Come on, guys, we need more rope!\" Jack called. Bruce wasn't listening. \"All right, we gotta get back to the ship. Englehorn sails in nine hours.\" \"So?\" Jimmy said to him. \"We gotta find Miss Darrow.\" Sadie smiled a little at his determination. The boy was braver than the actor by a long shot. \"Hey, do you hear me? We're gonna be stranded here.\" He made eye contact with Jack and slowly made his way over to him. \"Look, fellows, Miss Darrow was a great gal, no question. And she was a wonderful person. It's a terrible loss and we're all gonna miss her.\" \"Yeah, that sounded sincere,\" Sadie said sarcastically. \"I'm sure Ann would be extremely touched you put so much thought into that.\" \"I always knew you were nothing like the tough guy you play on screen,\" Jack said coldly. \"I just never figured you for a coward.\" \"Hey, pal! Hey, wake up,\" Bruce said to him. \"Heroes don't look like me, not in the real world. In the real world, they got bad teeth, a bald spot, and a beer gut. I'm just an actor with a gun, who's lost his motivation. Be seeing you.\" Bruce passed Mr. Hayes and took off back into the jungle to head back to the ship. \"Anyone else?\" Mr. Hayes asked the remaining members. At least four crew members decided to take off. Mr. Hayes walked over to Sadie. \"Sadie, I think you should go with them.\" Normally, Sadie would've taken him up on that offer. But now she just couldn't. \"I would rather stay out here with you than walk back through that jungle with Bruce as the leader. Besides…I've made it this far.\" \"Suit yourself.\" Two rafts were made and the remaining members of the search party loaded onto them and began to cross the lake. Jimmy sat on one of them with his rifle at the ready with Sadie next to him. There was movement in the water and large creatures that looked like a freakish combination between a centipede, a sand crab, and a scorpion started coming up from the water and crawling onto the rafts. Jimmy and Sadie kicked three of the creatures off the raft while others hit them with their sticks or guns. Then the creatures all swam away at once. Sadie looked over at Jimmy, wondering why they all decided to just take off. Something knocked against the side of the other raft. \"What was that?\" Lumpy asked in a panicked voice. Sadie slowly gripped Jimmy's hand as she looked around her. Suddenly, the back of their raft lifted into the air and they propelled forward at an alarming speed. Before they hit the others, their raft split in half and Sadie went tumbling into the water. She quickly surfaced and looked around to find panicked crew members in the water, some who didn't seem to know how to swim. Sadie swam over to one of them. \"Take my hand!\" she ordered. \"I'll help you!\" The man was so panicked that he ignored her and instead tried to use her to help keep himself above water. Sadie was thrown under the water as he pushed her down to keep himself up. \"Stop!\" she screamed before being plunged under again. She fought to go up and get some air, but the man wouldn't let her. \"Hey, get off her!\" Jimmy yelled. He roughly pushed the man off Sadie and quickly brought her to the surface. \"Are you alright?\" Sadie nodded as she took some deep breaths of air. A giant creature the size of a whale came bursting out of the water and swallowed up the crew member Sadie had tried to help before diving back into the water. When it came around again, Carl furiously shot it with his gun over and over again. The creature swam under the raft and snapped that one in half as well sending the remaining crew members into the water. The creature swam right for Jack and Preston, but Carl shot at it again which forced it to deviate from its current path. Jimmy and Sadie quickly swam for the shore. Lumpy pulled the both of them up before anything happened to them, and they fell onto the base of a tree coughing furiously. Preston started walking towards them with Carl's camera. \"Preston!\" Carl called. Carl went straight for the camera, not caring about Preston at all. He set the camera on his lap and started cranking it. \"It's working,\" he sighed with relief. \"It's working.\" Another crew member was walking towards them when the creature suddenly shot out of the water and clamped its jaws around his body. Sadie's mouth dropped open in horror as the creature took the crew member below the water. Lumpy looked at Carl hardly who was still filming. \"Get that, did ya?\" Jimmy helped Sadie up and they continued to press on through the jungle. Sadie was silent for their entire trek. She had seen so many people die in the last few hours and no one even knew if Ann was still alive. Were they doing this all for nothing? Jack suddenly stopped and shushed everyone. There were quiet crunches around them from the brush that seemed to be getting closer. Sadie unconsciously moved closer to Jimmy. On his last nerve after everything that had happened so far, Lumpy frantically shot in the direction of the noises. \"No!\" Jack screamed. There was a quiet thump. \"No…\" Jack ran forward to inspect what it was Lumpy had shot. When they found the source of the noises, Sadie furrowed her eyebrows. It looked like a deformed ostrich. It was on the ground squealing and writhing in pain. Lumpy shot it twice to put it out of its misery. Relieved that it hadn't been Ann, Jack pressed on with twice as much strength. After traveling nearly all day with little breaks in between, the party came across a huge and deep ravine. It was nearly impossible to see the bottom. The only way to cross was a rather large log that was covered in overgrown vines. Mr. Hayes paused and held up his hand. \"What is it?\" Jimmy asked. \"Mr. Hayes?\" Mr. Hayes walked forward and readied his gun. \"If anything happens, I want you and Sadie to run. You understand?\" \"I'm not a coward. I ain't gonna run.\" \"It's not about being brave, Jimmy.\" Mr. Hayes slowly went to the large opening on the other side of the ravine. He paused in front of it, and Sadie could hear some loud growls on the other side. \"Go back!\" Mr. Hayes shouted. \"Back across the log!\" Jimmy went forward, his gun at the ready. \"I ain't gonna run!\" \"Get Jimmy and Sadie out of here!\" \"No!\" \"Get back! Get back! Move back!\" Jack said as he pushed the two of them behind him. The members of the party began to inch back the way they had come. Sadie watched in horror as a huge gorilla came barreling through the opening and swept Mr. Hayes up in his huge hand. That had to be the monster that had taken Ann! So where was she? Had he killed her? Sadie couldn't find it in herself to believe that. They had worked so hard to find her! \"No! No!\" Jimmy screamed. \"Stay back,\" Jack ordered. \"No!\" Mr. Hayes groaned in pain as the gorilla's hand tightened around him, cutting off his oxygen. \"Look at me,\" he said to the gorilla calmly. The gorilla shifted his gaze from the party to Mr. Hayes. \"Let him go!\" Jimmy cried. \"You got to run, Jimmy. Do as I say. Go with Jack. Look after Sadie.\" He slowly cocked the gun in his hand. \"Run!\" He attempted to shoot the gorilla, but the gorilla threw Mr. Hayes against the wall of the ravine before he fell down to the bottom. \"No!\" Jimmy screamed at the top of his lungs. He fell onto the log in despair. \"No!\" \"Shoot him!\" Jack commanded. Sadie couldn't breathe. She had loved Mr. Hayes as if he was family, and she was sure the same could be said for Jimmy. It didn't seem possible that his life had been taken from him. Everyone started to shoot at the gorilla. Angered, the gorilla came over and started tossing and turning the log. Several other crew members fell off and fell down the ravine. Jimmy fell onto a branch as Sadie tried desperately to stay on the log herself. She clung onto one of the branches with all her might until she felt the skin on her hands break. With another mighty jolt, the gorilla managed to toss the log down the ravine. Sadie lost her grip on the branch and began freefalling. Before she could completely fall down the ravine, Jimmy grabbed her wrist, nearly yanking her arm out of its socket. Hands slick from the bleeding cuts, she slipped out of Jimmy's grasp just as the log hit the side of the ravine and everyone fell to the ground. Sadie hit her head on the hard ground and everything went black.[Chapter 10] \"Sadie.\" Sadie slowly opened her eyes and groaned as immense pain hit her like a truck. She looked up to find Jack gently shaking her awake. Remembering everything that had happened, she quickly sat up, ignoring how much it made her head spin. \"Where's Jimmy?\" Frantically searching around for him, she found him unconscious nearby. She and Jack quickly ran over to him with Sadie getting there first. \"Jimmy!\" she cried as she gently touched his shoulder. \"Jimmy.\" Jimmy's eyes opened and he immediately began to cry as he remembered losing Mr. Hayes. He quickly sat up and began to sob in Sadie's arms. She gently wrapped her arms around him and rubbed his hair as tears came to her own eyes. The last two days had put her through more than any nineteen-year-old girl should ever have to face. She was exhausted physically and mentally and now even emotionally. Losing Mr. Hayes was the worst thing to happen on the island thus far. She had never seen Jimmy so upset before and it broke her heart to hold him as he mourned for his father-figure. The light from the flare Jack had lit slowly began to die down. She slowly looked up and saw various huge insects come out of hiding. \"Jimmy…\" Jimmy looked over as she began breathing raggedly. Giant insects that looked like crickets began to swarm them while huge worm-like creatures with pink extendable mouths revealed themselves in a small swamp. One of the crickets jumped onto Lumpy and he frantically moved around trying to get it off him. \"Get off! Get it off!\" Jack ran over to him and the cricket decided to jump onto Jack instead and was soon joined by several more insects. Sadie saw some of the worms begin to devour Lumpy's arms and legs, but he tried to fend them off with his machete. Carl angrily used a stick to fight off the insects coming after him. She flinched as one of the crew members who had been climbing the wall was suddenly snatched up by a claw hidden inside the wall. Something started tickling her leg and she turned to find some of the crickets at her ankles. She frantically started kicking her feet to get them away from her. Another hopped onto her back and she screamed as she tried to claw it off. She quickly took the Lugar pistol out of her belt and shot the insect in the face. Then she shot the others around her to keep them away from her. Jimmy grabbed a gun and filled it with bullets. Then he shot all the crickets that had swarmed on Jack. \"Kill it!\" Jack cried. Jimmy shot off several of the crickets. \"Stop moving!\" he yelled. Sadie continued to shoot the bugs surrounding her until she ran out of bullets. She tossed the now useless gun away from her and ran over to Jimmy. She kicked away a large insect that was coming after him. All around her, larger spider-like insects were ripping apart the bodies of the deceased crew members who had fallen to the ravine floor. \"Get it off my face!\" Jack shouted. Sadie saw that a huge cricket had latched itself onto Jack's head. \"Stay still,\" Jimmy ordered. \"I am standing still.\" Jimmy shot the cricket then aimed at the one on Jack's waist. \"Hold on.\" \"Be careful!\" Jimmy shot the last cricket away from him. Out of bullets, he tossed the gun to the ground. More insects started crawling down the walls towards the last remaining members of the party: Jack, Carl, Jimmy, and Sadie. Sadie clutched onto Jimmy's shirt as he wrapped his arms around her waist. There was no way they could survive this now. There were too many insects that were much bigger than them, and they were out of weapons. Suddenly, gunfire came from the top of the ravine. \"Don't move! Stay away from the walls!\" Sadie never thought she would be happy to hear her father's voice. She looked up to the top of the ravine with immense relief to find her father and other crew members shooting the insects. Jimmy guarded Sadie from the raining insects. \"Coming through!\" Bruce swung down on a rope, shooting various insects. \"Get out of there now! Climb!\" Englehorn ordered. Bruce then landed on the bottom of the ravine and furiously shot one of the large ones coming towards them. He turned to the others. \"Nobody get in my way.\" Sadie looked at Jimmy with raised eyebrows and a small trace of a smile. What on earth had happened to Bruce Baxter? Jack led Jimmy and Sadie to the rope. \"Get up there. Go on. Hurry.\" Jimmy started to climb the rope when he looked over. There lay Mr. Hayes's body, miraculously untouched by any of the insects. Jimmy and Sadie slowly went over to him. Finding his hat on the ground, Jimmy picked it up and dusted it off before putting it on his head. \"It suits you,\" Sadie said quietly. \"Jimmy…\" Jack whispered. \"Sadie. Come on.\" The two of them went back over to the rope and began to climb up. Jimmy went first followed by Sadie. \"Sadie!\" her father called as she neared the top. \"Daddy!\" Sadie held out her hand and Englehorn quickly took it. Then he helped her up to the top of the ravine. Sadie threw her arms around his neck and began to cry. \"I'm sorry, Daddy! I'm so sorry!\" Englehorn was surprised at her actions, but then he allowed himself to wrap his arms around her waist. She felt fragile and almost…broken. Her hair was a tangled mess, and her dress was ripped in several places and covered in dirt and grime. As he felt her body tremble in his arms, he wondered just what she had been through on the journey. \"It's all right, Sadie,\" he said softly. \"It's all right.\" \"Thank God,\" Carl mumbled as Preston also came out of the ravine. He must've jumped off the log and grabbed a vine before they hit the bottom. \"Don't thank God. Thank Mr. Baxter,\" Englehorn told him as he released Sadie. \"He informed me that Sadie was out here and insisted on a rescue mission. Me? I knew you'd be okay, but I wasn't about to risk it for my daughter. That's the thing about cockroaches. No matter how many times you flush them down the toilet, they always crawl back up the bowl.\" \"Hey, buddy?\" Carl called. \"I'm out of the bowl. I'm drying off my wings and trekking across the lid.\" Sadie went over to Jimmy who put his arm around her protectively. \"Driscoll!\" Englehorn called to the other side of the ravine. \"Don't be a fool! Give it up. It's useless! She's dead.\" As much as Sadie hated it, she had to agree with her father. There was no way Ann could survive this island by herself. After all, they had started out as a group and now almost all of them were dead. \"She's not dead,\" Carl said quietly. \"Jack's gonna bring her back, and the ape will be hard on his heels. We can still come out of this thing okay. More than okay. Think about it. You got a boat full of chloroform we could put to good use.\" \"You wanna trap the ape?\" Englehorn asked in disbelief. He started laughing. \"I don't think so.\" \"Isn't that what you do? Live animal capture? I heard you were the best.\" \"Daddy…\" Sadie said. \"You can't.\" Carl went to the edge of the ravine. \"Jack! Look after yourself!\" \"Keep the gate open, will you?\" Jack called back. \"Sure thing, buddy. Good luck!\" Jack continued on and soon disappeared from view. Englehorn, Jimmy, and Sadie started to walk back with the others. \"Daddy, please,\" Sadie begged. \"That animal belongs here. Not on a boat and not in New York. You can't do this.\" \"I'll decide what we do and don't do, Sadie.\" Sadie sighed and shook her head. Her father just didn't get it.[Chapter 11] The trip back to safety was far less treacherous than the journey into the island. Once they made it back to the wall, Englehorn put his jacket around Sadie's shoulders and gave her some water to drink. She was not the same person who had gone through those gates. She had been subjected to things he never wanted her to be subjected to. But her stubbornness against him made her defy his orders and join the search party. She got that stubbornness from him. He just wished he had known sooner that she had snuck through the gates. Then he could've gotten to her before she had become so worn down. He watched as Jimmy held her in his arms. The two of them sat in silence, his arms wrapped protectively around her. He had to admit that from what he knew about Jimmy, the boy would gladly risk his life to protect his daughter. As the sun began to show its face, loud roaring sounded across the island that could only come from one creature. \"Carl!\" they suddenly heard from the other side of the bridge. \"Please!\" Ann's voice yelled. \"Somebody help us!\" Sadie let out a light gasp. Ann was on the other side of the bridge with Jack! He had actually found her! \"Carl!\" \"Drop the bridge. Do it now!\" Preston said firmly to Carl. \"Not yet,\" Carl answered, never taking his eyes off the gate. \"Wait. Wait.\" Preston moved towards him, but Carl held out his hand. \"Wait!\" After a few more seconds, Preston could wait no longer. He grabbed the knife from one of the crew members and sliced the rope keeping the bridge up on the other side. The rope snapped and sliced Preston on the face, leaving a deep gash on his cheek. Ann and Jack quickly ran through the gate and appeared before the remaining crew members. Ann looked pretty rough, but not as bad as Sadie thought she would look after being kidnapped by a giant gorilla. \"Ann!\" Sadie ran up to Ann and hugged her tightly. \"You're alive! How…how are you alive?\" \"Uh…\" Ann wasn't paying attention to her. She was looking around her at all the weapons and chemicals everyone was gathering to capture the ape. They were readying guns, ropes, harpoons, and many bottles of chloroform. Suddenly, the ape came bursting through the large gate and took a fighting stance in front of all of them. \"Now!\" Englehorn yelled. \"Throw them! Throw!\" The crew members threw their grappling hooks onto the ape letting them sink into his skin. \"No!\" Ann screamed. \"Hold him!\" \"Are you out of your mind?\" Jack yelled to Carl. Englehorn threw a bottle of chloroform at the ape and it crashed on the ground underneath his face. The ape noticeably weakened as he began to breathe in the resulting smoke. \"Stop!\" Ann cried. Sadie looked over at Ann and saw tears in her eyes. Had she really grown to like this gorilla that much? Just what had happened to her in the last 24 hours? \"Keep him down!\" Englehorn ordered. Two crew members pushed down a couple of rocks and a net crashed down over the ape, pinning him to the ground. \"Please!\" When Ann saw Englehorn about to throw another bottle, she ran to him and desperately tried to grab it from him. \"No! Stop!\" Jack ran up to her and tried to pry her off the man. \"Get her out of—\" \"They'll kill him!\" \"There's nothing we can do,\" Jack told her. \"No!\" \"Get her out of his sight!\" Englehorn yelled. \"It's too late,\" Jack said calmly. \"Throw it!\" Carl yelled to Englehorn. Englehorn threw the bottle of chloroform and the ape became even weaker. Ann furiously took Jack's arms off her. \"Let go of me.\" Jack paused for a moment before wrapping his arms around her and practically dragging her back to the ship. \"We gotta go. Come on. Come on.\" \"Stop it. Leave me alone!\" \"Ann, please come on.\" Noticing Ann struggling against Jack, the ape growled fiercely before ripping the net off him and tossing the crew members into the air. Sadie looked from Ann to the ape. \"Daddy, stop this!\" she cried. \"He's reacting to Ann struggling!\" \"Kill it!\" Englehorn ordered. \"No!\" Carl yelled. \"No!\" \"It's over, you lunatic! All of you, run!\" Jimmy pushed Sadie in the direction of the boats and all of them started running away from the ape. They all frantically tried to ready the oars and row away with the gorilla hot on their heels. A couple of crew members shot at him, but they were soon crushed by his large fist. Jimmy stood in the gorilla's path and aimed his gun at him. \"Come on!\" he screamed in a fury. \"Jimmy, stop it!\" Sadie screamed. \"Come on!\" Jack pushed the both of them into the nearest lifeboat while Englehorn hopped into the other one. \"Come on, Carl!\" Jack yelled. Carl quickly hopped into the lifeboat with the ape right behind him. Another crew member tried to shoot him, but the ape viciously grabbed the crew member and bit his head off before tossing him into the wall. Jimmy furiously attempted to shoot the gorilla again, angered at him for killing the only man who ever cared for him. \"Jimmy, no!\" Jack yelled. \"Stop!\" Sadie screamed as she grabbed his shoulders. \"Stop it!\" She screamed as the gorilla grabbed the boat and threw it into the wall where it shattered and all the members inside fell into the water. \"Sadie!\" Jimmy yelled. Sadie swam over to him and latched onto him as they stayed near one of the walls and away from the gorilla. She looked over to find her father readying a harpoon. \"Daddy, don't!\" Englehorn fired the harpoon and it sank into the gorilla's leg. The gorilla let out a loud agonized cry of pain. He readied another harpoon as Carl climbed up the rock to the gorilla's eye level. \"Wait!\" Carl yelled to Englehorn. He waited for just the right moment to throw another bottle of chloroform right onto the gorilla's face. It finally weakly sank down onto the rock. Sadie watched in amazement as the gorilla held his hand out to Ann who had tears streaming down her face. This ape cared for Ann in a way no one thought was possible. Even more shocking was that Ann returned those feelings. The ape rested its head on the rock and succumbed to unconsciousness. Carl walked over to the large animal. \"The whole world will pay to see this. We're millionaires, boys! I'll share it with all of you! In a few months his name will be up in lights on Broadway! Kong! The Eighth Wonder of the World!\" Sadie made eye contact with Ann. She had never seen the woman look so hurt and betrayed. And after seeing the way the ape looked at her, she didn't blame her one bit.[Chapter 12] 'Kong' was taken under the ship in the largest cage they had where he was continuously drugged in order to keep him asleep so he wouldn't damage the ship. No one liked having that animal below them after what had happened on the island. Ann hardly talked to anyone anymore and she stayed holed up in her cabin or down below with Kong. She hadn't said two words to Jack since they had returned to the ship. She was extremely angry at him for keeping her from seeing Kong on the island and allowing him to rampage after them when she easily could've stopped all that. Sadie prepared a small bowl of vegetables and went down the steps to the cages. \"Ann?\" she called quietly. She walked forward and found Ann in her usual position. She was hugging her knees to her chest, gently stroking Kong's fur through the bars of the cage. \"Ann?\" she said again as she walked forward. \"Uh, you really need to eat something. I brought you some vegetables.\" Ann slowly shook her head. Sadie sat down on the opposite side of her. It made her nervous to be so close to the giant ape, but she knew he wouldn't be waking up anytime soon. If there was one thing her father was good at, it was capturing animals of all sizes. Sadie held out the bowl for her and Ann begrudgingly took it. \"What happened to you on that island?\" Sadie asked. \"He saved my life,\" Ann answered numbly. \"I'd be dead if it wasn't for him. I was chased by killer dinosaurs and nearly eaten. But he fought four of them at once just to protect me.\" Ann looked at Sadie. \"What happened to you? I mean, where is everyone? And why isn't anyone talking to me?\" \"Don't ask questions you don't want the answer to.\" \"I need to know.\" Sadie took a deep breath. \"Nineteen people went looking for you. Five people came back. We got attacked by a dinosaur and lost some there. Then we were caught in the middle of a Brontosaurus stampede and lost some there. Then we were attacked by something living in the lake and lost some there. The rest of them were lost when Kong overturned the log we were on and we fell into a ravine and were attacked by giant insects. Lumpy, Choy, Mr. Hayes…they're all gone.\" Ann sighed and ran her hand down her face. It was no wonder everyone seemed to hate her at the moment. \"I didn't mean…\" \"I know. But that's why we're all upset.\" \"He was just trying to defend his home from strangers. He didn't know any better.\" \"Mr. Hayes was like family to me. The same can be said for Jimmy. I may not know much about his past, but I know that Mr. Hayes was the only one to treat him like he deserved to be treated.\" \"Well, he still has you.\" \"Maybe so, but that doesn't dull the pain at all.\" Ann looked away from Sadie and back towards Kong. Sadie knew that Ann shared a bond with the gorilla because of all they had been through, but she wasn't ready to forgive the killer just yet. Sadie was asleep in bed having an extremely fitful rest. She was dreaming that she was back on the island being chased by the dinosaurs. Then the scene transitioned and she was back in the insect pit. And this time, she was alone. No Jimmy, no Jack, no one. She took her gun and shot the insects to keep them away from her, but she quickly ran out of bullets. The crickets, worm-like creatures, and the scorpion/spider insects all came closer and closer to her until they were right on top of her. Its claw stretched toward her… Sadie gasped heavily and bolted upright. She took heaving breaths trying to regain her composure from the horrendous nightmare. \"Sadie?\" her father called gently from the other side of the door. He came into her room to find his daughter nearly having a panic attack. He quickly sat on the bed next to her and took her head in his hands, feeling the beads of sweat forming on her forehead. \"It's okay,\" he said tenderly, rubbing her face to wipe away the sweat and calm her down. She gripped his arms with wide eyes. \"It's all right. It was just a nightmare.\" Slowly, unsure of how his daughter would react, he moved closer to her and took her up in arms. To his surprise, she allowed him to hold her. Englehorn sat there on the bed gently rubbing Sadie's head until she fell back to sleep in his embrace. Sadie practically lived in the kitchen on the ship, replacing Lumpy as the cook. However, she was currently on the deck, allowed a brief break from the constant cooking for the remaining passengers. As she passed her father, she gave him a hard, disappointed look before reaching the railing. Englehorn sighed as he continued on his way. It appeared their brief moment connecting a few nights ago had not done much for their relationship. She was still angry at him for leaving. And now she was angry at him for keeping that ape locked up in the cages down below. She wanted him to be back on the island where he belonged. Why did it feel like he just couldn't do anything right? Jimmy came up next to Sadie by the railing. \"How are you holding up?\" Sadie asked him. Jimmy sighed heavily. \"I don't know.\" \"Yeah…I don't either.\" \"I see things are still tense with the captain.\" \"He shouldn't have taken that gorilla. He doesn't belong anywhere but that island. Just like all the other animals he's taken and sold. First, he leaves me and my mom, then he goes into this kind of business. He's such a terrible father!\" \"Sadie…I think it's time you heard about what happened to me…\" Fifteen-year-old Jimmy's life was anything but happy. The only good thing about it was his mother's love for him. To others, that would be up for some serious debate since her son was constantly showing up places beaten and bruised. But Jimmy knew that his mother loved him even if she didn't always show it. It was his father who was the problem. His father was a drunk. He would come home red-eyed and vomiting at 2:00 or 3:00 in the morning. Then he would get violent and hit his wife and son until they were covered in bruises and sprained or broken limbs. His mother never did anything about it. She just stood there and took it. She tried so hard to not let him hurt Jimmy, but she could never succeed in stopping him from hurting her son. After all, he was much larger and stronger than her. His father had broken his wrist four times, his leg once, and his arm three times. His mother's injuries were usually even worse. And those injuries didn't include the times he had been beaten up on the streets by thugs who had nothing else to do but pick on a scrawny little kid. He stepped through the door with a large cut on his forehead from his latest fight. As soon as his mother saw the wound, she wet a dishtowel and sat him at the table before pressing the cloth to the cut. \" Don't worry, darling,\" she said in a tender voice. \"It's just bad luck right now. That's all it is. Things will get better for us. I'm sure of it.\" She pressed her hands to her son's cheeks and lightly kissed his head. \" Things will get better.\" Around midnight that night, Jimmy was almost asleep when he heard the door slam. \" Marilyn!\" his father's voice roared. \" Arthur, please keep your voice down. Jimmy's trying to sleep.\" \" Oh, he wants sleep, does he? Do I get to sleep like he does? No, and do you know why? Because I'm working so you can have your precious little food on the table!\" \" It's not Jimmy's fault that you spend all our money on your precious drinks!\" \" Don't talk back to me, you witch!\" Jimmy shut his eyes tightly as he heard the familiar sound of a punch landing. \" Arthur, stop it!\" \" Shut up! I SAID SHUT UP!\" Jimmy listened to the multiple slaps and screams from the living room. Finally, he couldn't take it anymore and bolted out. \" Get off her!\" he yelled. His father turned to look at him. Jimmy saw a trail of blood running down his mother's cheek where a large gash was. Her lip had split open and there was a new bruise around her eye. \" What do you want, you piece of trash?\" his father demanded. \"Huh? You want me to stop? I don't recall you being the one to give orders around here!\" \" Arthur, no!\" his mother yelled. His father came barreling over to the boy. He took his nearly full glass bottle and brought it down on top of Jimmy. Jimmy's arm quickly flew up to block the bottle from hitting his head. Jimmy howled in pain as the bottle came in contact with his arm. His skin tore and the bone in his arm broke. He fell to the floor, holding his broken arm. \" You're gonna regret this night!\" his father growled fiercely. \"You're gonna regret ever being born, you stupid little waste of space! I wish you had never shown your ugly little face into this world! Then I would've ditched your stupid mother a long time ago!\" Jimmy tried to crawl away as his father loomed over him, coming closer and closer to him with the jagged end of the broken bottle still in his hand. \" I hate you, kid. I've always hated you. And now…I'm gonna finish what I should've done fifteen years ago.\" The jagged end of the bottle was raised above his head, but his hand never came down. Jimmy watched as his father's eyes went wide and the color drained from his face. A harsh gasp emitted from his mouth and he fell forward onto the ground in front of the boy. There was a large hole in his back. He looked up to find his mother holding a bloody knife. Her wide eyes went to her son with a terrified look on her face. \" Run, Jimmy,\" she ordered firmly. \"Run!\" Jimmy quickly stood up and ran to the door. He turned around and looked at his mother one last time. \" Run!\" He bolted out of the door and ran down the streets, still holding his broken arm which was now pouring blood. He didn't care where he ran as long as it wasn't back there. Tears began finding their way to his eyes partly from the pain and partly from what he had just witnessed his mother do. He quickly wiped them away before anyone saw. He kept running and running until his side hurt and he could barely breathe. His shirt sleeve was now entirely dark red and soaked in his blood. He looked around him and saw that he had made it to the docks. A steamer sat in the harbor, loading up boxes and cages before it set sail. Knowing that he had to get away and that it would be safer on a ship than on a New York street, he stealthily waited until no one was looking and then snuck onto the ship. He found himself down below where a lot of cages where, but luckily, no animals. He crawled into one and hid in the shadows. If he could just go unnoticed until the ship left the docks, then he would be safe if only for a little while. Jimmy cut off a strip of his shirt and tied it tightly above his wound, wincing as the pain intensified. Worn out, he collapsed onto the straw in the cage and fell asleep. It couldn't have been more than a few hours before he was awoken by footsteps descending down to where he was hiding. Jimmy must've made some kind of noise or movement because the African-American man looked over to the cage he was in. Jimmy slunk further into the shadows, hoping he could continue to go unseen for just a little while longer. The man slowly walked in his direction. He stepped inside the cage and looked around for a second. Then he made eye contact with the young boy. \" Now how did you get down here, son?\" he asked. It didn't sound like he was too angry at him, but he didn't sound happy either. Jimmy didn't respond, so the man came closer to him. He backed up even further away from him until he was practically one with the cage. \" It's okay,\" the man said to him. \"I'm not going to hurt you.\" He looked at the boy's arm and saw all the blood. \"What happened to you?\" Jimmy still didn't answer him. \" Look, there's someone on this ship who can take care of that. If you'll just come with me, we can get you fixed up.\" Jimmy made no movement as his wide eyes looked at the man in front of him. \" You got a name?\" When he still didn't answer, he asked the boy, \"Can you even understand what I'm saying to you? Are you deaf? Do you speak English?\" Finally, Jimmy made a movement. He pushed the man out of the way with his good arm and bolted out of the cage and towards the steps that led to the deck. The man ran after him and grabbed him around the waist before he could make it. Jimmy kicked and fought against him as much as he could, but it was useless. The man was stronger than him by far. Desperate to get free, Jimmy bit the man's hand which forced him to release the boy. He took off up the stairs and started running across the deck. Various crew members looked at him in confusion, wondering who the heck the boy was and how he had gotten onto the ship. The man ran after him yelling for the crew members to stop him. One of them reached out and grabbed Jimmy, yanking on his broken arm. Jimmy cried out in pain and sank to the deck. He backed away from the approaching crew members until he was against the railing and couldn't back up any further. The African-American man fought his way through the gathered crowd and knelt down next to the terrified boy. It was then that he realized just how deathly pale the young boy was. He had lost too much blood. \" Look, kid. No one here is gonna hurt you. Okay? I promise. But if you don't get that arm fixed, things aren't looking too bright for you. Now, if you'll just come with me, Martin will help you.\" He slowly extended his hand towards the boy. It took a few seconds, but Jimmy then gingerly took his outstretched hand with his good arm. The man helped him to his feet and then walked him to one of the cabins. Another man walked in behind him. \" This is Martin,\" the African-American man said. \"He knows how to help you.\" Jimmy lay down on the bed. As Martin started towards him, Jimmy tensed up and backed away from him. \" It's okay,\" the man said tenderly. \"He's just going to help.\" \" I need to take your shirt off,\" Martin said. \"So I can get to your arm.\" Jimmy undid the makeshift tourniquet, and Martin and the man helped him get his shirt off. \" Ben, he's going to need to be asleep for this,\" Martin said quietly. \"From what I can see, the second I go to fix his arm, he's just going to start fighting and he'll only make it worse.\" The man nodded slowly. \"You got any anesthetics?\" Martin went into his bag and handed him a small wet cloth. The man went over to Jimmy. \"Breathe this in for me. It'll just put you to sleep for a little while. When you wake up, your arm will be all patched up.\" Jimmy shook his head, terrified of what would happen while he was unconscious. \" I promise that you'll be just fine. Okay? I won't let anything bad happen to you. We just don't want you to feel any pain while he fixes your arm. Just lie back and relax. Everything will be okay.\" Jimmy liked the way this man talked to him. He had never had someone talk to him like that before. He had never had someone tell him that nothing bad would happen to him. After all, his mother couldn't tell him that when she knew she couldn't stop his father from hurting him. He kept his eyes on the man and lay down onto the bed again. \" You'll be okay, kid.\" \" Jimmy. My name's Jimmy.\" Sadie looked at Jimmy with tears in her eyes. \"This whole trip…I've complained about my father when all this time…you went through that?\" \"Sadie…\" \"I'm so sorry.\" Sadie ran to her cabin and leaned against the door. She had never felt so guilty in her life. If she had known that Jimmy had had such a rough past, she never would've complained to him so much about her father leaving her. At least he was trying to make amends. That was more than she could say for Jimmy's father. Sadie slowly went up to the steering room where her father's cabin was. \"Daddy?\" she said quietly. \"Sadie,\" Englehorn said quickly as he noticed the tears in her eyes. \"What is it?\" \"I have been so angry with you for five years. And when you tried to fix things between us, I didn't care and I pushed you away. And I acted so awful to you. But even though I've treated you terribly, you still loved me. And even though you left, you still loved me. You just made a mistake. Things could've been so much worse. I'm tired of feeling angry. I forgive you for leaving. Please forgive me for the way I've been acting.\" Englehorn quickly walked over to her and hugged her tightly as tears ran down her cheeks. \"Of course I forgive you.\"[Chapter 13] Sadie went to Jimmy's cabin and slowly opened the door to find him lying on his bed reading Heart of Darkness . \"Sadie,\" he said as he sat up and closed the book. \"I…I didn't tell you all of that to make you feel guilty.\" \"I know.\" Sadie closed the door and walked over to him. She sat on his bed next to him and gingerly kissed his lips. Then she straddled him as she kissed him with more fervor. They lay down on the bed and Sadie rested her head on his chest, listening to his steady heartbeat as his hand gently moved up and down her arm. \"I'm sorry about what happened to you,\" she said softly. \"It's okay. It's over now. And besides, now I have you.\" \"Yes, you do.\" \"You know…I never even told Mr. Hayes that story.\" \"Really?\" \"Yeah. I spent years trying to repress all of those memories. I don't know what it is, but for the first time, I felt comfortable enough talking about it with you.\" \"I'm glad you feel that way with me.\" Jimmy and Sadie kissed again before resuming their previous position. It was the most relaxed the girl had felt in weeks. That night, Sadie tossed and turned for at least an hour in her bed. Try as she might, she could not fall asleep. She hadn't been able to have a good sleep since they had landed on the island. She slowly got out of the bed and quietly made her way to the steering room. She entered the first room where her father kept his record player, books, and guns. Then she went over to the second door and slowly opened it. \"Daddy?\" she called quietly. Englehorn groaned softly as he opened his eyes and sat up a little. \"Sadie. Are you alright?\" \"Yes. Can I just…sleep in here for tonight?\" Her father paused for a second before nodding. \"There's a couch right over there that you can sleep on.\" \"Thanks.\" Sadie went over to the leather couch and lay down on it. It was more comfortable than it appeared to be. Englehorn went over to her and draped a blanket over her body. Then he placed a soft kiss to her forehead. Sadie smiled up at him and finally dozed off. Weeks passed as the ship sailed back to New York. When Sadie wasn't cooking for the crew, she would be up in the crow's nest with Jimmy or she usually went down to the cages to spend time with Ann who told her her harrowing journey while on the island. It helped Sadie to understand the bond the woman had formed with the animal. Her relationship with her father had mended significantly. Sadie spent a lot more time in his cabin talking with him and telling him more about what had happened in the five years since he had left. They would stay up well into the night trading stories until Sadie was too exhausted to continue. In turn, he taught her more about the ship and even let her steer it for a few minutes every now and again. Pretty soon, Sadie knew how to maneuver the ship almost better than half the crew members. Sadie's heart leapt in her chest when she saw the New York skyline for the first time in twelve weeks. Jimmy came up next to her. \"So what now?\" Sadie continued to look at the approaching city. \"I don't know,\" she answered honestly. The ship finally pulled into the harbor and Sadie gathered up all of her bags and began to head out. \"Ann,\" she called as she ran into the woman in the cramped hallway. \"What are your plans now?\" \"Find work where I can,\" Ann answered her. \"What about Carl and Kong and everything?\" \"Mr. Denham offered me a chance to perform in his show. But I will not perform on a stage where animal cruelty is taking place. Not when my friend is chained up like that.\" Sadie sighed. \"There's a theatre near where I live that's always looking for dancers. You could try there.\" \"Thanks. I will.\" \"Whatever it is you do, I'm glad to have met you. I'm sure we'll see each other again.\" The two women hugged, and then Sadie went to find her father in the steering room. \"I guess this is good-bye,\" he said. \"For now. I told you I would decide if coming on this trip was the right decision or not. It was the right decision. I'm glad I came.\" \"Me too. I'll miss you, Sadie.\" Sadie threw her arms around her father's neck and gave him one last smile before going back to the deck. \"Sadie!\" Jimmy called. Sadie turned to him sadly. \"I know you want to know what my plans are, but…I can't tell you. I don't know what I want to do right now.\" \"I understand that. But I don't want to lose you…like I've lost everyone else.\" \"Jimmy…I…I…\" Not knowing what to say or how to respond, Sadie kissed Jimmy before quickly picking up her bags and disembarking from the ship. Her heart tore inside her chest since she didn't know if she would see him again. She wanted to, more than anything, but how could she just up and leave to spend her life on that ship? She traveled the familiar route back to her home and stepped inside. \"Mom?\" she called. \"Sadie!\" her mother exclaimed as she enveloped her daughter in a tight hug. \"It's been so long! I almost felt you weren't coming back.\" Sadie smiled warmly and hugged her mother back. \"I wouldn't dream of leaving you.\" \"Sadie, are…are you alright? You seem so…worn down.\" \"It's been a long trip.\" \"What happened?\" \"Well, the good news is that Daddy and I are getting along again.\" \"That's great news! I knew this trip would be good for the both of you. What else happened?\" \"Just…go see Carl Denham's new show. I think this is something you need to see rather than hear.\" \"Wow, that interesting, huh?\" \"'Interesting' may not be the right word.\" \"You've got me curious now. Can I get a hint?\" \"You know how Daddy captures animals? He's outdone himself this time.\" \"When will I be able to see this show?\" \"Probably only three days knowing Carl. He's going to want to get his name out there as soon as possible.\" \"Well, after I see this show, I want to hear everything, okay?\" \"Deal.\" \"It's been a lifetime, Sadie!\" Amanda exclaimed as they met up for the first time since Sadie had left. \"I want to know everything! Was Singapore pretty? Did you get to be in Carl's film? Was Jack Driscoll nice?\" \"Whoa, calm down, Amanda,\" Sadie laughed lightly. \"No, no, and yes. What I'm about to tell you is going to sound crazy, and you're probably not going to believe me until Carl proves me right. I haven't even told Mom anything yet.\" \"What are you talking about?\" \"We didn't go to Singapore. We went to a place called Skull Island. And what we found there is…unlike anything you can imagine. Carl brought back a 25-foot gorilla.\" \"25 feet?\" \"Yes. My friend, Ann, was captured by him, but by the end of the day, they shared a bond that I didn't know could exist.\" \"That's…incredible.\" \"I met a boy named Jimmy. And…I think I love him.\" \"Really?\" \"He told me things he never even told his…father. He trusts me and takes care of me.\" \"It sounds to me like you want to go back on that ship.\" \"I couldn't even if that were true.\" \"Why not?\" \"Because if I get on that ship, then I'll be doing the exact same thing that I've been mad at my father for.\"[Chapter 14] It didn't take long for Carl to get Kong's name up in lights at the Alhambra Theatre. Sadie got tickets for her and her mother and they both dressed up a little to see the show. Neither of them had anything very fancy, but it was nice enough for the event. Due to the expensive tickets, they could only afford seats in the balcony. Sadie and her mother found their seats and waited for the show to begin. Sadie fidgeted in her seat, nervous about how this was all going to work. She didn't see how Carl was going to be able to keep the huge gorilla in the building and get him to do what he wanted. The orchestra started playing and Carl walked out to the center of the stage as everyone applauded. \"Ladies and gentlemen, I'm here to tell you a very strange story.\" Sadie smiled to herself. We paid all this money for a story? \"The story of our adventure, in which 17 of our party suffered horrible deaths, their lives lost in pursuit of a savage beast, a monstrous aberration of nature. But even the meanest brute can be tamed. Yes, ladies and gentlemen, as you will see, the beast was no match…for the charms of a girl.\" The audience laughed a little, but Sadie didn't join in. \"A girl from New York!\" The audience cheered for Ann who wasn't even in the theater. \"…who melted his heart,\" Carl continued. \"Bringing to mind that old Arabian proverb: 'And lo, the beast looked upon the face of beauty, and beauty stayed his hand. And from that day forward, he was as one dead.' And now, ladies and gentlemen, I'm going to show you the greatest thing your eyes have ever beheld. He was a king in the world he knew, but he comes to you now a captive. Ladies and gentlemen, I give you…Kong! The Eighth Wonder of the World!\" The curtain lifted up behind Carl to reveal the giant ape with chains around his arms, legs, and waist. He looked absolutely miserable. Almost like he had lost the will to live. Her mother gasped next to her, but all Sadie could do was look on in sadness. That gorilla should be back on Skull Island where he belonged. \"You mean to tell me that you were on a ship with that?\" her mother whispered to her. \"It's…a lot more complicated than that.\" \"Don't be alarmed,\" Carl announced. \"It's perfectly safe. These chains are made of chrome steel! Observe, if you will…\" He raised his hand and placed it on Kong's arm. \"I am touching the beast. I am actually laying my hand on the 25-foot gorilla.\" Kong flinched a little and Carl quickly jumped back in surprise. The audience laughed at his reaction. The chains on Kong's arms began to lift up until they were up in the air almost above his head. Sadie shook her head. It was no wonder Ann didn't want to participate. Sadie looked over and saw Jack enter the theater near where she was sitting. He stopped on the steps and looked to the stage. \"And now, we have in the auditorium tonight a surprise guest. The real-life hero of this story. The man who hunted down the mighty Kong! The man who risked all to win the freedom of a helpless female.\" Sadie scoffed lightly. Ann Darrow was anything but a 'helpless female'. Helpless females didn't sprint from V-Rexes and manage to win over the heart of a 25-foot gorilla. \"A big hand for Mr. Bruce Baxter!\" Sadie's mouth dropped open as Bruce Baxter ran onto the stage next to Carl, soaking in all the applause. \"The little jerk!\" she yelled in a whisper. \"Sadie!\" her mother scolded. \"I'll be right back.\" \"Sadie, we paid good money for these tickets.\" \"I'm just going to talk with someone. I won't be far.\" She left her seat and went over to Jack. \"That should be you.\" Jack turned to look at her. \"We should all be up there. Especially you and Jimmy. The both of you deserve a little recognition for what you went through.\" They watched as 'natives' did a little dance around Bruce who pretended to laugh. Then they revealed a chief in an extravagant cape and headdress. Sadie sighed. This was nothing like what they had faced back on the island. She may not have run into any of the natives, but she had seen what they could do. The image of Andy came back into her mind and she forced back the bile in the back of her throat. \"He was right,\" Preston said as he joined the two of them. \"About there still being some mystery left in this world, and we can all have a piece of it for the price of an admission ticket.\" \"That's the thing you come to learn about Carl,\" Jack told him. \"His unfailing ability to destroy the things he loves.\" Bruce started dancing with one of the female 'natives'. He sure hadn't danced with any of the real ones. \"Please remain calm, ladies and gentlemen,\" Carl addressed the audience. \"For we now come to the climax of this savage ritual. The sacrifice of a beautiful young girl. Behold her terror as she is offered up to the mighty Kong! A big hand, folks, for the bravest girl I've ever met: Miss Ann Darrow.\" Sadie raised her eyebrows. Had Ann changed her mind? Two posts were raised up from below the stage with a blonde-haired woman tied in between them. Sadie watched how Kong reacted to the woman. He stood up on his legs and looked concerned for her. But when the woman raised her head up, Sadie almost laughed at Kong's disgusted reaction. The woman let out an extremely unconvincing scream. \"Save me from the beast!\" she cried. \"Help me!\" Well, it definitely wasn't Ann. How did that woman get hired? Kong let out a loud, long, angry roar. \"Where is she?\" Jack asked. \"Where's Ann?\" \"I have no idea,\" Preston answered. \"I heard he offered her all kinds of money and she turned him down flat.\" \"She told me she didn't want to participate in a show where her friend was treated like this,\" Sadie explained. \"And after seeing all this, I don't blame her.\" Kong started to roar furiously. \"No,\" Jack whispered. The actress began screaming for real. Sadie watched as Kong practically lunged at the poor actress who now looked absolutely terrified. \"We have to get these people out of here. Everyone needs to leave, okay? Come on. Head for the exits.\" \"Get your own seat, buddy,\" an older gentleman said to Jack. \"You're not having mine.\" Sadie attempted to help as well. \"Excuse me,\" she said to some people in the row close to her. \"We're having a problem. I think it's best if you leave.\" \"Did you not hear Mr. Denham?\" one lady said to her. \"That ape can't break out of those chains.\" The cameras started flashing from the side of the stage and that seemed to anger Kong even more. The actress started pushing her legs on the posts, trying to escape from their hold. Kong mustered up all of his strength and broke the chain restraining his right hand. Everyone finally realized the gravity of the situation and began to flee from their seats. The actors playing the natives ran offstage leaving the poor actress playing Ann tied up between the posts. Kong swept her up in his hand and roared in her face before tossing her to the side. \"Go! Go! Get out!\" Preston yelled to everyone. Kong broke the other chain that held his left arm, then leapt into the audience, crushing one of the orchestra members. \"Sadie, get out of here!\" Jack ordered as he pushed her up the stairs. \"Sadie!\" her mother yelled. The two women ran out to the lobby and then down the stairs until they were outside. \"Mom, get home now!\" Sadie told her mother. \"What? Where are you going?\" \"To stop this.\"[Chapter 15] Sadie ran down the sidewalk and hailed a cab just as Kong burst out of the Theatre. \"I need to get to the De Luxe Theater fast!\" she ordered. The cab driver looked at the huge ape in front of him. \"Do it yourself, lady! I didn't sign on for this!\" The cab driver practically dove out of the car and ran off. Sadie groaned and rolled her eyes as she moved over to the driver's seat. She looked at Kong and saw him get hit by cars that were swerving in their attempts to avoid him. He tossed several cars out of his way and then picked up several women with blonde hair. He was looking for Ann. Sadie floored the gas pedal and drove to the De Luxe Theater a few blocks from where she lived. She tried her best to avoid cars and panicking pedestrians, but at least four cars were scratched in some way as she sped down the road. Sadie pulled up to the theater just as Ann was coming out the doors. \"Sadie?\" Ann exclaimed at the sight of the girl. \"What's going on?\" \"Kong escaped from the theater, and he's on a rampage in the city. You're the only one who can calm him down.\" \"What makes you say that?\" \"Because I've seen the way he acts around you.\" The two of them bolted back to the cab and Sadie drove down the road following the screaming people. She swerved to a stop once the gorilla was in sight. Sadie looked at Ann. \"Go.\" Ann exited the car, and Sadie watched as she slowly approached Kong. She touched his fur, and then he gently lifted her up in his hand. It was so amazing for her to see the special connection they had with her own eyes. Kong let out a short roar and walked off with Ann in tow. Sadie smiled a little at the unlikely friendship. Her smile disappeared as a series of tanks from the army drove past her looking for Kong. She got out of the cab and looked after them. If they hit Kong, Ann could get killed from either the bullets or the fall. Sadie got back in the cab and drove down the streets looking for the two of them. Surprisingly, it took her a few minutes of driving until she found Kong running down the roads, crashing into cars along the way. He soon took to the rooftops and began flying across them in order to evade the tanks and machine guns. Sadie followed them in the cab until she found herself in front of the Empire State Building. She exited the car once more and tried to get into the building but was stopped by men from the army who had surrounded it. All she could do was crane her neck in an attempt to see what was happening at the top. Planes started to circle the top of the building. She could hear Kong roaring fiercely at them, but she could barely make out anything from her position. What she could make out was Kong standing on the very top of the Empire State Building, beating his chest and roaring at the planes as if making a challenge. The planes circled the top and fired at Kong. He hit one of them and it came crashing back down to the ground. Jack came up behind her and tried to get forward, but a policeman stopped him. \"Nobody past this point!\" Jack didn't listen and roughly pushed past the man. \"You can't go in there!\" \"Jack!\" Sadie called. He pushed through the crowd of army men and ran inside the building. He must've gotten into the elevator because he never came back out. Sadie heard a loud scream from above her, and she thought she could make out Kong catching Ann before she fell to the hard ground. The planes hit him again and he roared in pain. He climbed back up to the top again as the planes circled back around. He stood up on his hind legs and beat his chest triumphantly in a final stand. More bullets were fired at him and she could see him sink down. There was a moment of silence. The planes weren't around and Kong was quiet. Then more bullets hit him in the back and Sadie could hear him squeal which hurt her ears, and not because it was loud. There were another few brief seconds of silence. Then Kong slid off the top of the building and began to fall. Everyone on the ground screamed and tried to run out of the way before Kong fell on top of them. He landed on the pavement with a thunderous crash. Sadie put her hand to her mouth as she looked at the dead animal. Immediately, soldiers, reporters, and photographers swarmed the body. \"Boys, how about a photo?\" one of them asked the soldiers. The soldiers all posed in front of Kong's dead body. That infuriated Sadie. They would never pose in front of a human body. Kong may have been an animal, but why couldn't they show that same respect? \"That's it, folks!\" a policeman shouted. \"Show's over. Step back!\" Carl fought his way through the crowd and looked at what he had planned on giving him fame and fortune. \"Why'd he do that?\" one of the reporters asked. \"Climb up there and get himself cornered. The ape must have known what was coming.\" \"He's just a dumb animal,\" another answered. \"Didn't know nothing.\" \"You know nothing,\" Sadie told him. \"Excuse me?\" \"Were you there on that island with him? No, you weren't. That means you don't know anything about that animal.\" \"What does it matter? Airplanes got him.\" \"It wasn't the airplanes,\" Carl said. \"It was beauty killed the beast.\" Sadie looked over and saw Ann and Jack coming out of the Empire State Building. She fought her way through the reporters and went over to them. \"Ann!\" she called. She got closer to the woman and saw tear stains resting on her cheeks. Ann ran over to her and collapsed into her arms, crying her heart out. Sadie rubbed comforting circles on her back as her friend cried. She couldn't even begin to understand how she felt. She lost track of how long they stood there hugging in the middle of the street. Sadie went back home and tiredly walked through the door. \"Sadie,\" her mother said to her. \"I think you have some explaining to do.\" Sadie let out a small laugh as she shut the door. \"Take a seat.\" The two of them sat at the dining room table. \"The first thing you should know is that none of this is Daddy's fault.\" \"I always love stories that start that way.\" \"It wasn't. It was my own selfish and stupid behavior.\" For what felt like hours, Sadie told her mother everything that happened to her on the island. Her mother was about ready to faint a couple times when she got to the seriously life-threatening parts, but listened to everything she had to say. She explained how she and her father finally repaired their relationship after all that time, and how much she had enjoyed getting to be on the ocean and how she had learned how to maneuver the ship. \"I met someone,\" she said quietly as she began to finish her story. \"And I fell in love with him.\" \"What was he like?\" \"It's funny. I hated him at first. But then I got to know him more, and I saw how much we connected. I understand him and he understands me.\" Her mother looked at her thoughtfully. \"Sadie…I think we both know you belong on that ship with your father.\" \"But…if I go on that ship, I'll be leaving you just like Daddy did.\" \"No. Because you'll come back to see me. You're not leaving. You're just going away for a while. Sadie, I've haven't seen you talk so excitedly about something in years. You were never meant to stay in this little place forever. And if being out on the ocean with someone you love is where you're happiest, then you should be there. I'll be fine here, I promise.\" \"Really?\" \"Really. Get your stuff together and go back to the harbor before you miss your chance.\" Sadie smiled and hugged her mother tightly. Then she packed up as much as she could and quickly went to the docks, praying her father's ship was still there. To her relief, it was. Englehorn turned around and saw his daughter standing a few feet away from him. She smiled broadly as she walked towards him. \"I couldn't stay away,\" she said. \"And your mother…?\" \"She's fine with it. She's the one who encouraged me to go. If it's okay with you…I want to stay on the ship.\" Englehorn laughed as he hugged his daughter. Neither of them had seen this coming. \"Sadie, there's something I wanted to tell you.\" \"What is it?\" \"I heard about what happened with that ape.\" \"Kind of hard not to.\" \"It made me start to think. If I had just not captured it in the first place, several people would still be alive now. I know these are hard times and I need money, but it's not worth people's lives. From now on, the Venture is a cargo ship only. No more animal transport.\" Sadie smiled again, and then took her bags and boarded the ship, quickly putting everything in the same cabin she had used before. She went up onto the deck and went to the front of the ship. A small breeze kissed her cheeks that smelled of salty air. \"Sadie?\" a quiet voice said behind her. Sadie turned to find Jimmy looking at her. \"What are you doing here?\" \"You didn't think I was just going to leave you, did you? How could I when…I love you?\" Jimmy gave her a small smile. \"I love you too.\" Sadie ran up to him and kissed him passionately. As various crew members passed by on the deck and on the docks below to prepare for other voyages, neither teenager noticed them. It was an unlikely place to fall in love. Sadie may have been unhappy about going on the trip before, but now she had never been more sure of a decision in her entire life. ","Summary":" Well, I don't usually write two OC stories for the same category, but when I was watching this movi"},{"Movie":"Grease","Title":"A Putzie Story (Based On The Movie)","Author":"Writing4Life2018","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13097654","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ok this is story is based off the youngest T-Bird member, Putzie's POV. As you can tell, he is my fave! Along with Danny of course! :) Putzie's POV I was woken up from hearing my big brother Phil Jacobs who is 25 years old. He moved to Stanford University when I was 12. \"Wake up little brother.\" I heard Phil said. \"Mmm.\" I moaned. \"What time is it?\" \"6:30.\" I heard Phil says. \"Can I just sleep a little longer?\" I asked not wanting to get up. \"Nope, it's time for school.\" Phil said shaking me. \"Come on, Danny's gonna be here soon.\" I looked up at my older brother. \"Will a fever work?\" I asked him. He shook his head and I let out a sigh. \"Fine.\" I said giving up and getting up from my bed. \"I'll go to school.\" \"Good boy.\" Phil said as I grabbed my clothes and went in the bathroom to change. \"PUTZIE! DANNY'S HERE!\" \"OK!\" I yelled back. Then I finished brushing my teeth and combed my hair, and I walked out of the room to see Danny coming upstairs. \"Hey Putzie, ready?\" Danny asked me. \"Yeah, just let me get my jacket.\" I said going in my room. I put on my T-Bird jacket and put my comb in my back pocket. \"Ready.\" I said. \"Kay, let's go.\" Danny said patting my shoulder. \"I want to pick up chicks.\" He winked at me and I chuckle at him. \"Danny, someday there'll be a girl for you to love for the rest of your life.\" I told him. \"Just saying.\" \"Says from a guy who has a huge crush on Jan since the 4th grade.\" Danny said. \"I tried talking to her, but I get too nervous.\" I admit. \"Yeah whatever ya dork.\" Danny teased and we walked out of my room and went downstairs, I kissed my mother's cheek goodbye, kissed my baby sister's head and hugged my big brother. Danny and I arrived at Rydell School, then Danny saw some girls at the school building and he looks over at me. \"Cute chicks alert.\" He said grinning at me and we got out of his car. \"I'm gonna go flirt with them, see ya later man.\" Then he walked over to the girls. \"Ladies! You're dreams just came true!\" I heard Danny yelled making me laugh while shaking my head. \"Putzie!\" I heard Doody yelled and I saw him and Sonny running over to me and then Doody picked me up from the ground and put me down. \"How was ya summer Putz?\" \"It was great, my family and I went to Texas.\" I told them. \"Were there any chicks there?\" Sonny smirked. \"Really Sonny?\" I asked as I slightly pushed his shoulder. \"What?\" Sonny asked me confused. I chuckle at him as we started walking and I looked at the girl who walked past me and I turned to the guys and saw Doody took Sonny's lunch bag. \"Hey!\" Doody yelled. \"Gimmie that, Gimmie that!\" Sonny yelled running over to Doody. \"Back, back, back!\" Doody yelled to me as he threw me the lunch bag and then he pushed me over the bush, so I threw it back to Doody and I rolled over stood up and then I walked over the bush and then walked over the bush. \"Ugh, you're not supposed to eat this, you're supposed to bury it.\" Doody said giving Sonny back his sandwich. \"Hey, that's a homemade lunch!\" Sonny told her. \"Oooh.\" Doody oohed. \"Your old lady drag her carcass out of bed for you?\" I asked him as Doody and I laughed. \"C'mon Putzie, she does it every year on the first day.\" Sonny said to me. \"Big deal, big deal!\" Doody said. \"Yeah!\" I said bumping Sonny's shoulder. Then Sonny stops up and we saw Kenickie walking over to a boy and knocking his books down, but the kid backed away when he saw Kenickie. \"Kenickie!\" Sonny yelled. \"Kenickie!\" I yelled as we ran over to him. \"Over here, Kenickie!\" Doody yelled. \"Hey, where you at?\" Kenickie asked as we slaps his hands. \"We're right here!\" Doody said with a laugh. \"Where were you all summer?\" I asked Kenickie. \"What are you, my mother?\" Kenickie asked sarcasm \"I was just asking.\" I said looking down. \"I was workin; which is more than any of yous kids can say.\" Kenickie said. \"Working?\" Sonny asked shocked. \"That's right, I was luggin' boxes Bargain City, moron.\" Kenickie said. \"Nice job.\" Sonny said looking over at Doody who nodded his head. Then Kenickie hits Sonny's stomach. \"Eat me! I'm saving up to get me some wheels.\" Kenickie said crossing his arms to his chest. \"Yeah? Wanna hear what I did?\" I asked him. \"No.\" He replied. Then I looked down and back up to see Danny still flirting with the girls. \"Hey, there Danny!\" Doody yelled pointing at Danny. \"Danny!\" I yelled. \"Hey, Danny!\" Sonny yelled. \"Hey Danny, Danny!\" We all yelled. \"Danny!\" Doody yelled. \"How are ya doing, huh?\" Kenickie asked. \"Hey, Danny!\" Doody yelled. Then Danny hits Sonny in you know what and I laughed. \"Hey, come on!\" Sonny yelled. \"Oooh!\" Danny laughed. \"Hey, how are ya doing?\" Kenickie asked. \"Good to see ya.\" Danny smiled shaking Kenickie's hand. Then I look to my side as Kenickie rest his arm on my shoulder. \"Hey uh, you see any new broads over there?\" Kenickie asked. I looked over at the girls who Danny was flirted with. \"Nah, just same old chicks everybody's plays with.\" Danny said. \"Hey, so what did you do all summer, Danny, huh?\" Doody asked. \"I was hanging around down the beach, you know.\" Danny said as we grinned and laughed. \"I mean it's tough with all those chicks hanging around you.\" Sonny said. \"Yeah, well the only things that hang around you Sonny are the files.\" I told him. Then we laugh while Sonny gave me the glare. \"Yeah right here Putzie, huh?\" Sonny said. I looked up at Kenickie who glance over at me and gave a small smile, and then I look back at Danny. \"Hey, h-how was the action at the beach?\" Kenickie asked him. \"Ooh, it was flipping.\" Danny said. \"Ooh, crazy yeah?\" Kenickie asked. \"I did uh; I did meet this one chick. She was sorta cool, you know.\" Danny said rubbing the back of his neck. \"You mean she puts out?\" Sonny asked putting arm on his shoulder. Kenickie and I looked at each other saying \"Here he goes again!\" look. \"Oh come on Sonny, is that all you ever think?\" Danny asks him. Then Sonny puts his sunglasses on. \"Friggen A!\" Sonny yelled. Then he laughs while we walked to class when we heard the bell ring, then I felt Kenickie puts his arm around me. \"What did you do this summer?\" He asked me. \"I went Texas with my family.\" I told him. \"It was super hot.\" Then he chuckles at me as he headlock my head and rubbed my hair and let me go, patting my back. \"I love you kid.\" He said. The guys are mainly my big brothers rather than my best friends. I pulled Danny's arm to talk to him. \"You told me she was a real sweet girl.\" I said. \"Come on Putz, I moved on and she did.\" He said as we walked to boring class. Now if you're gonna be nasty and a bitch towards me and my story. You'll be deleted and blocked. I ain't playing with childish games. So grow up![Chapter 2] Putzie's POV The guys and I were at our lockers, I was leaning on my locker playing my yo-yo that Kenickie got me for my birthday when I was 10, I still kept it. Then I heard Sonny talking about his classes and that crap. But I wasn't really listening, I was too busy playing with yo-yo and thinking about my big brother going in a war. I'm worry that something bad might happened to him, I keeps getting nightmares about him getting killed. He and the guys keeps telling me that he's gonna be fine and he'll make it to our graduation. \"Jeez, every teacher I got this year's flunked me at least once.\" I heard Sonny says. \"If you don't watch it, you're gonna be spending all your time in McGee's office.\" I heard Doody says to Sonny. To be honest, I'm the most honest one of the group; I'm nicer, honest, sensitive one. I'm really good at History class. \"Yeah, well this year she's gonna wish she'd never seen me.\" Sonny said. \"Oh yeah? And what are you going to do?\" Doody asked him. \"I just ain't gonna take any of her crap, that's all. I don't take no crap from nobody.\" Sonny said and then Doody stopped when we saw Miss McGee walking over to Sonny, so we went over to the wall to hide ourselves from Miss McGee, and we watched. \"Sonny.\" Miss McGee said as Sonny turned around. \"Hello ma'am.\" Sonny said. \"Aren't you supposed to be in homeroom, right now?\" Miss McGee asked him. \"Boy is he gonna get a detection.\" Kenickie mutters quietly and we chuckled. \"And it's the first day of school.\" I admit. \"I was just going for a walk.\" Sonny lied. I shook my head while smiling. \"You were just dawdling, weren't you?\" Miss McGee asked him. \"Yes, Ma'ma.\" Sonny admits. I looked up at Danny who smiled at me and we look back at Sonny and Miss McGee, who were still talking. \"That is no way to start a new semester, Mr. LaTierri.\" She told him. When she turned, we turned to the wall and then Sonny mumbles something in Italian making Miss McGee turned around. \"What did he say?\" I asked Doody. \"You do not wanna know.\" Doody whispers. I shrug my shoulders; the guys won't let me hear swear words, when they do swear. I know, doesn't make sense. \"Perhaps a session of banging erasers after school would put you on the right track?\" Miss McGee asked him. \"Yes, ma'am.\" Sonny says getting annoyed. \"Are you just going to stand there all day?\" She asked him. \"Uh, no, ma'am. I mean, yes, ma'am. I mean I'm just um...\" Sonny rambled on. \"Well, which is it, yes or no?\" Miss McGee asked harshly. \"No, ma'am.\" Sonny finally said. \"Good, then move.\" Miss McGee said turning around. \"Yes, ma'am.\" Sonny said as Miss McGee walked back to the office. Then Danny walked over to Sonny. \"I'm sure glad you didn't take any of her crap, Sonny. You would've really told her off, huh?\" Danny said to Sonny. Then Sonny bit his fist. \"Mr. LaTierri! Yes, ma'am! No, ma'am!\" Doody teased as we laughed. Then we saw Eugene coming down the stairs and Sonny's arm. \"Hey, Eugene! How you doing?\" Sonny asked. Doody took his hand out to Eugene. \"Hi, fellas!\" Eugene says as he waved to us. \"Did you have a nice summer? Shake, buddy.\" Doody said as he zapped Eugene hand. \"Ow!\" Eugene yelled. \"Hey, what's wrong? You're wearing glasses.\" Doody asked. \"I got astigmatism.\" Eugene told him. \"Aw, too bad!\" Doody yelled rubbing his hair. I took his bow tie and dropped it on the floor. \"It just fell off!\" I told him. \"C'mon, let's go.\" I heard Kenickie say. \"Sorry Eugene.\" I said as I pat his stomach as I follow the guys upstairs.[Chapter 3] Putzie's POV I walked into health class with Danny and Kenickie; I sat down next to Danny. \"I hate health class,\" I admit. \"Us too buddy.\" Danny and Kenickie said in unison. \"I remember 2 years ago I fainted when we were learning about birds and bees.\" I said as Danny patted my shoulder. \"Don't worry Putzie, we'll make sure you won't see that ever again,\" Danny said. \"Good,\" I said looking down at the container with a dead frog in there and Danny picked the container and sat it down in front of us. I stood up and took the frog out of the container and made a frog noise. \"How about you kiss it and it'll turn into a princess.\" I heard Kenickie teased. Then I looked at him and threw the frog at him and he caught it. \"Good catch.\" I said laughing. \"Here, let me see that for a sec.\" Danny said grabbing the frog from Kenickie. \"What are ya gonna do Zuko?\" I asked him. \"You'll see,\" Danny said. \"Watch.\" Danny stood up making weird faces with the frog and we all laughed. Then I glance over to see a teacher coming and I tap Danny's side. He glances over to see a teacher coming and let's go of the frog and Kenickie caught it and I just looked down and out the window. \"That was close.\" Danny leaned in to whisper. I nodded my head. \"Hey guys, watch this.\" Kenickie said quietly. We watch Kenickie stood up from his seat. Then Danny laughs while hitting my arm and I grinned while Kenickie puts a frog in Patty's bag and Kenickie ran back to his seat. \"Now we wait.\" Kenickie said. We waited for Patty to see a surprise for her in the bag and she turned to check her something in her bag and she pulled the frog out of the bag and screamed while throwing the frog and we started to laugh hard as she ran out of the class room and Kenickie threw a piece of paper at her and turned to us. \"Class!\" We heard the teacher yelled and we sat froze. \"Sorry ma'am.\" We all said. I looked over at Danny who smirked and I laughed. \"Roger how was your summer break?\" The teacher asked me. She favors me over the guys. \"It was um, it was great.\" I told her. \"And how was your?\" \"Mine was great, ok class.\" The teacher started. \"Teacher pet.\" Kenickie teased. I hit his arm as he laughed. \"Well it's not my fault that I'm the nicer one.\" I said smirking at them. They chuckle at me. \"Hey man, you don't wanna say something else,\" I said to Kenickie. \"You sometime help ya mother with the laundry.\" Then Danny laughed and I smirked at Kenickie who stared at me.[Chapter 4] Putzie's POV Class was over and it was time for lunch, so Kenickie, Danny and I went to find Doody and Sonny. Then we went outside to the football field and we walked up the bleacher. I pull out a cigarette and I saw Danny staring at me. \"Putzie, I told ya parents and your older brother that I'll make sure you don't smoke.\" Danny tells me. \"But you smoke.\" I said. Danny gave me the look and he looked away. \"Here Putz; I'll hold it for ya.\" Doody said. \"Kay.\" I said handing Doody the packs and he put it in his pocket. The guys and my family are so over-protective of me. \"Hey, uh, Kenickie, you wanna piece of salami?\" Sonny asked Kenickie. \"Are you kidding? If I eat that, I'll smell like you.\" Kenickie teased while slightly kick Sonny's leg. \"What a stink!\" I joked and they laughed. \"Hey, guys. Guys, look.\" Danny said getting our attention and we turned around where Danny was pointing at, it was Tom Chisum. \"Ladies and gentlemen, dingle berries on parade!\" Kenickie yelled. \"Yeah!\" Sonny yelled. Then we laughed and saw Tom got his foot stuck in his helmet. \"Hey, look! You really put your foot into it this time, Chisum!\" Doody yelled. \"Yeah, try hopscotch, you hot dog!\" I yelled at him while laughing and then I saw 2 girls across from us, so I got up and crawl under the bleacher quietly. I heard the guys laughing about something, but I wasn't really paying attention, I was too busy looking under the girls' skirt while grinning. Then I heard Doody yelled, \"Hey!\" I looked up to see the guys looking at me and then I heard the girls gasp as they stood up. \"Hi, girls!\" I waved to them as they left. Then I laughed and saw Doody walking over to me. \"You're a sick man, Putz!\" Doody said and then he squirts me in the face with his toy squirt gun when he was 6 years old he got it. \"Hey! Hey, ugh...!\" I yelled, but he shoved an apple in my mouth while standing up and laughing. Then I stood up putting an apple down. \"Hey, I want to hear about what Danny did at the beach.\" Doody said as the guys crowded around the guys. \"Yeah!\" Kenickie and Sonny cheered. \"Nah! It was nothing.\" Danny said as I sat right in front of him. \"Aw.\" Doody said. \"Sure, nothing, Zuko, right.\" Kenickie said. \"C'mon, Danny. You got in her drawers, right?\" I asked. \"Yeah, come on, come on. Tell us about that girl.\" Doody said. I bet my favorite leader dated a lot of chicks over the summer. \"C'mon Zuko,\" Sonny said. \"Spill.\" \"Please tell us man!\" I begged. \"Come on, man.\" Doody begged. \"Come on!\" Kenickie yelled. \"Come on, you don't want to hear all the horny details.\" Danny said with a chuckle. \"Are you kidding me?\" Sonny asked. \"Are ya crazy?!\" Doody asked. \"Alright, I'll tell you!\" Danny yelled. Then he told us all the things he did. \"Wow, she's seem real fun.\" Sonny said as we walked back to the building. \"Yeah,\" Doody grinned. I pulled Danny's arm. \"I thought you said she was a real sweet girl, like…the girls you never dated.\" I said and he puts his arm around me. \"Well the guys don't know that.\" Danny told me. Then we walked off. \"But someday there will be a girl whose gonna be the one for ya.\" I told him. Danny chuckles at me. \"You're such a dork, ya know that.\" He said. I rolled my eyes at him and we caught up to the guys.[Chapter 5] Putzie's POV I was at my locker getting my stuff to go home; finally I get to go home! I saw Danny walking over to me. \"Hey Putzie, I'll be in the car waiting.\" Danny told me. \"You mean, I'll be in a car waiting while you flirt with some chick.\" I corrected. \"No.\" He lied. Then I shook my head and chuckle. \"I'm gonna go wait.\" He said walking away. Then I shut my locker and I bumped into someone. \"Oh, I'm so sorry.\" I said picking up the girl's book and saw a beautiful blond girl standing there and I gave her books back. \"I um…it was my fault.\" I smiled at her, she seem so…sweet and innocent. \"No it's ok.\" She said. \"Well…I'll try to watch where I'm going next time.\" I told her. \"Me too.\" She smiled at me. \"I'm Putzie, my real name is Roger.\" I told her. \"I'm Sandy.\" She said as we shook hands. \"Well it's um…it's nice to meet ya.\" I told her. \"So, is this your first in Rydell High?\" \"Yes, I moved here from Sydney, Australia in July.\" Sandy told me. \"Wow, well welcome to America.\" I said smiling at her and she smiled back at me. \"Well I have to go now before my friend starts honking the horn.\" I laughed. Then Sandy laughs. \"Ok, well I'll see you later.\" She said. \"You too.\" I said as I watched her leave. After Danny drops me off at home, I went in my room to do my homework. Just then I heard the door open and I saw my 5 years old baby sister Pammy came in, her full name is Palma Riley Jacobs, but me, Phil and the guys call her Pammy. \"Well what can I do for you little lady?\" I asked her. \"Putzie, can you come to my tea party?\" Pammy asked me. \"I wouldn't miss it for anything in the world.\" I told her smiling. \"So when is this tea party?\" \"Tonight at 7, in my room.\" Pammy told me. \"Mr. Cuddles is gonna be there too.\" \"That's great, I'll be there baby sister.\" I said kissing her head and setting her on my lap and saw Phil came in. \"Hey kids.\" He said walking in. \"Philly, guess what! Putzie's coming to my tea party!\" Pammy cheered happily. \"That's great kiddo.\" Phil said sitting down on my bed. \"Listen, I need to talk to you both. Uh oh, this is about the war. I hope he don't go, I don't wanna lose my big brother! \"What's up?\" I asked him. \"After Christmas,\" He started. \"I'm going to a war.\" \"You'll be gone?\" Pammy asked. \"Yes.\" Phil said quietly. \"How long will be gone?\" I asked him. \"For a good little while.\" Phil told us. \"You mean bad little while.\" Pammy said. Phil chuckles sadly. \"But hey…at least I still get to have time to spend time with my most favorite people in the world.\" He said. \"Putzie, nothing bad is gonna happened to me.\" \"You don't know that.\" I told him. \"Even mom is worry about that right now, even though you are not at war right now.\" \"Look Putzie, I know you're upset…but I have to do it.\" He told me. \"I'll write to you both.\" \"But Phil, you have been gone for 6 years.\" I told him. \"I'm sorry guys.\" He said as he stood up. \"I'll see you kids later.\" \"I miss him already.\" Pammy said looking up at me. \"I know, me too baby sister.\" I said hugging her and then kissed her head. \"Ok kiddo, big brother gotta do his boring homework.\" \"But you are still coming to my tea party are you?\" She asked me. I chuckles at her. \"Don't worry Pammy, I'll be there.\" I said ruffling her hair. \"Now go play.\" \"Ok!\" Pammy yelled running out of my room. I looked down at my homework, and thinking about my big brother.[Chapter 6] Putzie's POV It was Friday and I was in the car with Danny driving to the bonfire, so was Doody and Sonny. I was sitting upfront. \"How are you feeling?\" I looked up at Danny and looked down. \"I'm gonna miss him.\" I told him. \"I know pal, but he'll be back.\" Danny said. But I just looked up at him. \"Come on buddy; just try to have fun tonight.\" Doody said putting his arm around me and I nodded my head. \"Kay.\" I said quietly. \"That's my boy.\" Danny said as he parked his car on the football field. \"Ok fellas, let's go.\" \"I can't wait to see chicks in cheerleading skirts!\" Sonny grinned widely. \"C'mon Sonny, you gotta stop thinking about that.\" Danny told him. \"Why do you care?\" Sonny asked. We shook our heads at him, sometime he is so childish. But we love him like a brother, a childish brother. \"Danny, can you stay with me tonight?\" I asked, \"Since Phil won't be home tonight.\" \"Sure buddy.\" He said patting my arm. \"Thanks.\" I said watching the cheerleaders. \"No problem buddy,\" Danny said. I was watching a blond girl doing her cheers, she's looks familiar. I think I met her on the first day of school, I think her name was Sandy. She was real nice. \"Who ya looking at Putzie?\" I heard Danny asked me. \"Nobody.\" I replied. He shook his head while chuckling at me. Then I turned around to see Doody dancing, I think…then we did something that we have done so many time. \"Do a split, give a yell. Shake your tit for old Rydell!\" Doody, Sonny and I sung. Then we performed the Three Stooges routine and then I heard Danny says groaning, \"Guys…be cool huh?\" I realized we're nearly watched by people. \"Hey, watch out pinhead.\" Doody say as we looked over to see Kenickie in his new car and Danny walks over to him. \"Uh, what do ya think?\" Kenickie asked. \"What a hunk of junk.\" Danny joked. Then we laughed and Kenickie slaps Doody's chest. \"Wait 'til I give it a paint job and soup up the engine. Man, she's gonna run like a champ. I'm racing her at Thunder Road.\" Kenickie said. \"Thunder Road?\" Doody asked. \"Yeah! You wanna make something of it?\" Kenickie asked. \"Uh-huh. I wanna see you make something of this heap.\" Doody said. Ooooh! Then Kenickie pulls Doody close to him. \"You're cruisin' for a bruisin'.\" Kenickie threatens. Wow, Kenickie never threatens him before; well I know he'll never say that to me because he is very protective of me, I'm just saying. \"Hey! What are Scorpions doing here? This ain't their turf.\" Sonny said and I looked at him to bump my head with a can of beer and I grabbed it. I glance over to see Danny giving me \"Don't ya dare drink it Roger.\" Look. Man, he is so over protective. But I'll have one tonight and he can't stop me. \"Think they wanna rumble?\" Kenickie asked as Danny stood up on the hood. \"Yeah, well if they do, we're gonna be ready for 'em.\" Danny told him. Then we looked over at the Scorpions driving and then the leader Leo showed his fist at us and we watched them leave. \"Those guys are asking for it man!\" Kenickie said getting out of the car and I went to stand next to Kenickie. \"Well they're not gonna win.\" Danny said as he looked at us. \"They're going down; we're the T-Birds fellas.\" \"Yeah,\" Doody said smiling. Danny rubs Doody's hair and Kenickie looks up at me, and then he wipes something off of my cheek. \"Putzie, what is this?\" Kenickie asked me. \"I had my mother's cupcake.\" I said moving my head away from Kenickie's hand. \"Love you kid.\" He said smiling at me. \"You know, if we fix up this car, it could be make-out city. You know that?\" Danny asked. \"Right! A chick is gonna have to put out before she even gets in!\" Sonny said. Then we laughed, but for me I would treat a girl like a princess and a lady that she is because that is man that I am! \"You better believe it, man!\" Kenickie smiled and I grinned. \"Hey Zuko!\" A voice called out. It was Rizzo with Frenchy, Marty and Jan looking nice as always, and a red and white figure coming along with them and immediately knows it's a cheerleader. \"I got a surprise for ya.\" Rizzo says smiling. Danny asks while chuckling being cool, \"Oh yeah?\" \"Yeah.\" Rizzo replied. Then Jan pulled the cheerleader out in front of Danny. Wait, that girl looks familiar! Was she the same person we met on the first day? \"Sandy!\" Danny yelled in shocked. \"Danny!?\" Sandy asked in shocked. Wait…they knew each other? Where have they known each other? \"What are you doing here; I thought you were going to move back to Australia!\" Danny said really excited and surprised. I never seen him this excited all of my life. \"We had a change of plan.\" Sandy replies happily. She's so adorable, wait a minute Putzie! You love Jan! Wait a minute! \"I can't...\" Then Danny looked back at us and then laughed cool. \"That's cool, baby. I mean you know how it is. Rockin' and rollin' and whatnot!\" I looked up at Danny, what is he doing? \"Danny?\" Sandy asked. \"That's my name, don't wear it out.\" Danny said laughing and so were the guys. Why are they encouraging him? \"What's the matter with you?\" Sandy asked. I smiled at how cute she looked and I looked back at Danny. \"What's the matter with me, baby? What's the matter with you?\" Danny asked her. This is not good…why is he doing this? \"What happened to the Danny Zuko I met at the beach?\" Sandy asked. Come on Danny, don't do this! \"I do not know. I mean, maybe, uh, maybe there's two of us, right? Why don't you take out a missing-persons ad or try the yellow pages? I don't know.\" Danny asked while laughing and Kenickie hit Danny's arm while laughing. I looked at the guys who were laughing, even Doody! I hit his arm. I saw tears in Sandy's eyes, uh oh! \"You're a fake and a phony and I wish I'd never laid eyes on you!\" Sandy yelled angrily while throwing her pom, pom down and I watched her ran off with Frenchy running after her. I looked back at Sandy being comforted by Frenchy and back at Danny. For the first time, I felt really bad for the girl he dumped. I mean, the girls Danny dated in the pass were stupid and a huge bimbo. But this one…this one was really special. Why not her give her a chance Zuko? She's just a nice person. I wasn't paying attention and I looked back at Kenickie, to play it cool. Everyone may know that I'm the good one in the T-Birds, more honest and innocent. \"I wonder if she carries silver bullets.\" Kenickie joked. I laughed at his remark. Then I looked down to see her pom, pom and I picked it up and I handed one to Doody. \"Yeah!\" Doody yelled. I feel so bad for Sandy, I think Rizzo plan this whole thing. \"Whoa! So, she laid her eyes on you, huh, Zuko?\" I asked in a cool way, but in the inside, I'm real concerned about Sandy, and Danny. \"Hey, I bet that's not all she's laid on him.\" Sonny said as we laughed. \"Yeah, right!\" Doody yelled. Then I saw Danny walking away. \"Hey, Zuk, I got a car, remember?\" Kenickie yelled out to Danny. \"Come on Danny!\" Doody yelled. Danny turned to us and waved to him to come. \"Alright. Who's got beer money?\" Kenickie asked. \"Come on.\" I said to Danny. \"Well, I swiped my brother's I.D.\" Doody said. \"I got $250.\" Sonny told him. I threw the pom, pom in the backseat. \"Come on.\" Doody said and Danny came walking back to us. \"Alright. Gimme that, gimme this, open that, gimme the gear. Alright. You ride in the front with me.\" Kenickie said to Sonny. I got in first and I felt Doody put his hand on my back, and he sat down next to me and Danny got in last. Well that was mean…hurting a girl's feeling like that. \"Well that was mean to hurt a girl's feeling.\" I spoke up. \"Shut up Putzie!\" Kenickie, Sonny and Doody shouted. I looked over to see Danny sitting there feeling guilty and sad for what he did. Once we arrived at the bar, we all got out and I pulled Danny's arm to talk to him. \"Danny, I need to talk to you.\" I told him. \"I know what you're gonna say Putz, I am so stupid for treating Sandy like that.\" Danny admits. \"Yeah you are.\" I said. He looked away. \"Look Danny, you love her.\" I told him. \"I mean why treat her like that?\" \"Well the guys expect me to be like that.\" Danny said. \"That's because you told them what you did in the summer at the beach.\" I said. \"Yo, guys!\" We looked over at Kenickie. \"How about this, Jan told me that the girls are gonna have a sleepover…we go there and you can try talking to Sandy.\" I suggested. \"I don't think she don't even wanna see me anymore.\" Danny said. \"Well you're gonna have to talk to her.\" I said. \"Since when did you care?\" He asked me. I can't tell him that I have a crush on Sandy. \"I just care man,\" I told him. Then he lets out a sigh. \"Now are you gonna go talk to her?\" I asked him. He looks at me and nods his head. \"Yes I will.\" Danny said. \"Good.\" I said going in with Danny following me and we walked over to the guys. \"Ooh beer.\" I said picking up a bottle of beer. \"Don't even think about it.\" Danny said taking it away from me. \"C'mon,\" I begged. \"Just 1?\" Danny looks at me and let out a sigh. \"Fine, just 1, I mean it Putz.\" He told me. \"Yay!\" I cheered happily sitting down next to Kenickie. \"Are ya gonna tell Phil?\" Kenickie asked Danny. \"How old do ya think I am?\" I asked. \"5.\" They answer in Unison. I rolled my eyes at them. \"We're just looking out for ya.\" Danny told me and I took one sip of a beer. \"Ya know, you guys gotta let me grow up.\" I told him. \"I don't think that's gonna happened.\" Kenickie said ruffling my hair. \"Besides, you're my babyface.\" \"Don't call me that.\" I told him. \"Never.\" Kenickie said. Babyface is a nickname that the guys gave me when we were really, really small, Kenickie calls me that the most, but I only let Kenickie call me that. \"Or we can call you farty.\" Sonny grinned. I glared at him. \"That never leaves this bar.\" I threaten him. \"Guys, I think we should go to Frenchy sleepover.\" Danny suggested. Then I smiled at my best friend. \"Why?\" Doody asked. \"Why? So we can see some action.\" Sonny said laughing and so did Kenickie. \"No, I just…you know.\" Danny started. \"It is because of that chick?\" Doody asked. \"Don't call her that, she's a beautiful girl Doody!\" I yelled at him. Then I realized what I had said. \"Uh just forget what I just said.\" I said trying to say that she just looks so innocent and she was really hurt. Then we pay for drinks and left the bar. But I hope Danny don't figure out that I have a crush on his girl, I don't wanna hurt anybody.[Chapter 7] Putzie's POV Sonny started to sing a little intoxicated, \"I SAW A DEAD SKUNK ON THE HIGHWAY, AND I WAS GOING CRAZY FROM THE SMELL!\" The Doody joined in, \"CAUSE THE WIND WAS BLOWIN' MY WAY!\" And I joined in, \"IT SMELLED JUST LIKE THE HALLS IF OLD RYDELL! AND IF YOU'VE GOTTA USE THE TOILET, AND LATER ON YOU START TO SCRATCH LIKE HELL!\" We sung. We made it to Frenchy's house and Kenickie yells, \"WILL YA SHUT UP YOU VULTURES\" Danny sighs chickening out, \"Ehhh, I changed my mind. Let's get out of here...\" What, no Zuko! Sonny asked, \"What do you mean?\" \"What do you mean what I mean?\" Danny asked him. And Sonny asked, \"Hey Putzie, why don't you call her?\" \"Let's get out of here,\" Danny says urging. I stood up on the car shouting at the window, \"Sandy! Oh Sandy! Wherefore art thou Sandy!\" Then they pull me back to sit down, I stared down at Kenickie and then we saw Rizzo climbing down from Frenchy's house. \"Hey, look, there's Rizzo.\" Sonny said pointing at Rizzo. \"Hey, Rizzo, you're doing that without a net!\" Doody yelled as we got out. \"Swell bunch you are, rushing to help a lady.\" Rizzo said walking over to us. \"Lady? I don't see a lady!\" Doody joked. Then I laughed at his remark. \"Shut up!\" Kenickie yelled at him. I looked over at Sonny who hit my shoulder to tell me to shut up. \"Alright...\" Doody said. \"Shut up!\" Kenickie yelled. \"What's up, Kenick?\" Rizzo asked him. \"One guess.\" Kenickie told her. \"You got a lot to offer a girl.\" Rizzo says. \"Yeah. You know it.\" Kenickie replied. I looked over at Danny. \"What say, Zuk?\" Rizzo asked him. \"You're looking good, Rizz.\" Danny told her. \"Eat your heart out.\" Rizzo said smiling. \"Well, sloppy seconds ain't my style.\" Danny told her. I chuckle quietly, ouch! Then Danny jumps out of the car. \"Where are you going, to flog your log?\" Rizzo asks. Then Danny turns to us. \"Well, it's better than hangin' around with you dorks.\" Danny said. \"Hey Danny.\" Doody and I said. But Danny turned to leave. Why is Danny leaving? Danny! Come back! Why are you chickening out? Go and apologize to Sandy! Come on man! \"Your, uh, chariot, my lady.\" Kenickie said opening the door for Rizzo. \"You boys coming?\" \"Yeah!\" Sonny said as we got in the car. \"Putzie, take a last sip of your beer and that is the one for tonight.\" Kenickie told me. Over-protective much? I rolled my eyes. We were gonna drive off, but we fell forward. \"Hey!\" Doody yelled. \"What are you doing!?\" Sonny asked. \"Ok! So, what do you guys think this is a gang bang?\" Rizzo asked turning to us. \"You wish!\" Sonny yelled as we laughed. \"Hey! Hit the pavement!\" Kenickie yelled. Then Doody made kissing noise. \"Hey. You gotta be kiddin'?\" I asked. \"I said now!\" Kenickie yelled again. \"Alright, alright!\" Doody yelled giving up. \"Movie it!\" Kenickie yelled. \"Remember us in your will.\" Doody told him as we jumped out of the car. \"Your will alright.\" I said. Then we Kenickie drove off with Rizzo. \"Jeez.\" I mutter quietly. \"When a guy picks a chick over his buddies, something gotta be wrong!\" Sonny yelled after Kenickie. \"You said it!\" I yelled. \"C'mon, guys. Let's go for a slice of pizza.\" Sonny suggested. \"Yeah,\" Doody said as we turned around to walk to the pizza place. I looked over to see Danny walked over to us. \"Hey fellas, sorry I walked out on ya.\" Danny said. \"Yeah you should be.\" Sonny said. \"It's ok Danny.\" I said smiling at hm. \"Hey um, why did ya chicken out?\" \"I don't think she don't ever wanna see me ever again.\" Danny said. \"Well you should've given her a chance.\" I told him. \"Try talking her again tomorrow.\" Danny nods his head. \"Thanks Putz.\" He said patting my back. \"No problem Danny.\" I said patting his back. \"Give me that beer.\" Danny said taking the beer from me. \"That's enough for you.\" AW COME ON ZUKO! I rolled my eyes, I have a really protective best friend! \"Then how come Doody get to drink his?\" I asked. Then Sonny took Doody's beer. \"Hey!\" Doody yelled. I smirked at him. Now how's it feel to have when your best friends are so over protective of you, huh?[Chapter 8] Putzie's POV I was sitting on the booth trying to keep my eyes open; I hardly had any sleep last night. Because I was thinking about my big brother Phil, Sandy and Jan. I didn't realize that I was falling asleep on Danny's shoulder. \"Hey buddy,\" I heard Danny says. \"Tired?\" I nodded my head. \"Ok, I'm gonna take you home.\" Danny suggested. \"Kay.\" I mutter quietly and closing my eyes and I felt Danny help me up and draping my arm around him. \"You boys gonna be ok?\" \"Yeah Danny.\" I heard Sonny reply. Then we arrived at my house and he took me up to my room. \"Danny,\" I said quietly. \"Can you stay with me tonight?\" I asked him. \"Sure buddy.\" I heard Danny says. Danny promised me that he'll stay with me since Phil is not here. Then I got ready for bed and lay down in my bed while Danny slept on the floor. \"Danny?\" I asked. \"Yeah Putz?\" I heard Danny reply. \"I can't sleep.\" I admired. Then I heard Danny moving and I saw a figure standing next to my bed. \"Scoot over brother.\" I heard Danny said. Then I scoot over on my bed, we had nickname for each other. We called ourselves brothers, we been doing that since we first starting talking and then I felt Danny lie down next to me putting his arm around me. \"You ok?\" Danny asked me. \"Not really.\" I answered. \"Don't worry Putzie, you still have your other brother here for you.\" Danny told me. Danny and I are mainly like brothers, rather than best friends. \"Thanks brother.\" I said. \"No problem brother.\" I heard Danny says and felt him kissed my head. Then I finally got to sleep, and then the thing I heard talking. \"Yeah, I took him home and stayed with him.\" I heard Danny said. \"Thanks Danny.\" I heard Phil said. \"No problem.\" Danny said. \"Was he sad?\" Phil asked. \"Well he's upset that you're leaving.\" Danny told him. I open my eyes to see them looking at me. \"Hey, hey baby brother.\" Phil said. \"How did you sleep?\" \"Ok.\" I replied. \"Well we have to go down the auto shop and fix Kenickie's car.\" Danny told me. \"What happened this time?\" I asked him. \"Leo, that happened.\" Danny reply. Then I stood up and changed into my clothes. So Danny and I drove to the auto shop and the saw guys there. \"Hey fellas.\" Danny said walking over to them. I sat down on the tire. \"What's the matter buddy?\" Doody asked me. \"I want to tell Jan that I love her.\" I admit. The guys chuckle at me. \"You such a dork.\" Sonny teased. I hit Sonny's shoulder playfully. We were going to fix the car, but ended up distracting ourselves about how the car should look like, that we nearly wasted our time. Then Danny shouts, \"C'mon guys, let's get to work!\" \"Yeah,\" Doody agrees. Then we climb off of Greased Lightning and went back to work, I walked over to Danny and said, \"Danny, when are you gonna talk to Sandy?\" \"Putzie.\" He started. \"Danny, you haven't talked to her since the bonfire.\" I told him. \"You're my role model, I look up to ya.\" He looks away and back at me. \"Let's just fix the car ok.\" He said walking away and I just let out a sigh.[Chapter 9] Putzie's POV A couple months later, I've been busy, spending time with my big brother and my baby sister. So we walked in Frosty and I saw Doody and Sonny sitting at the booth talking and laughing. \"Phil, it is ok if I go sit with Sonny and Doody for awhile?\" I asked my big brother. \"Sure baby bro, I gotta take Pammy to ballet lesson.\" Phil said kissing my head. \"Kay, have fun baby sister.\" I said hugging and kissing Pammy's head. \"Ok big brother.\" Pammy said smiling at me. \"And you're gonna pick her up.\" Phil told me. \"Thanks dude.\" I said chuckling at him. \"I'll see you later kiddo.\" \"Come on Pammy.\" Phil said and I watched them leave. Then I walked over to Sonny and Doody. \"Hey Putzie, you could've just went with your brother.\" Sonny said as I sat across from Sonny. \"Nah it's fine.\" I said. I felt Doody pat my back. \"Here you go Putzie.\" Vi said giving me a frosty. \"Thanks Vi.\" I said as she smiled at me and left. Just then we saw Sandy walking in and I stood up walking over to Sandy. \"Hello Sandy, remember me?\" I asked. \"Yeah, you're…Putzie?\" She asked. \"That's me.\" I said smiling. \"How are you?\" She asked me. \"I'm good,\" I reply. \"Aww that's good Putz, well I'll see you later.\" She said walking away and I watched her go sit at a table with Tom. \"Oh so you're on a date with that jock?\" I asked. \"Danny's better.\" I mutter going back to my seat. \"What? Do you have a crush on her or something?\" Sonny asked. \"No.\" I reply quickly. \"Really?\" Doody asked. \"Because you seem so happy when she came in.\" \"Well that's because I'm nicer to her than you guys are.\" I told them. \"We're nice to her.\" Sonny says turning to Sandy and waved to her, and she waved back to him and Doody. \"See!\" Sonny said turning to us. I chuckle while rolling my eyes at him. Just then we saw the guys came in. \"Hey guys!\" Sonny called out to them. \"Hey.\" Kenickie said as they walked over to us. \"Hey Kenickie, Zuko, come on, sit over here.\" I said as Kenickie slightly hit my arm. \"Come on huh?\" He asked me while smiling. \"How's it hanging huh?\" I asked while hitting his arm slightly. \"How's it going?\" He asked me sitting next to me. \"Good.\" I replied. \"That's good Babyface.\" He said. \"Ok, meeting's in session.\" Kenickie said. I looked over to see Danny staring at Sandy. Uh oh! \"You know what I heard?\" I heard Doody asked. \"What?\" Kenickie asked. \"Last year, the fuzz had Thunder Road staked out, and everybody got hauled to the clink.\" Doody told us. \"Well? Nobody's going to catch Greased Lightnin'.\" Kenickie said. \"Yeah?\" Doody asked. \"Yeah.\" Kenickie replied. \"Ok.\" Doody said. Then we looked up to see Rizzo walking over to us. \"Somebody snaking you, Danny?\" Rizzo asked Danny. \"Oh, bite the weenie, Rizz.\" Danny says coldly. \"With relish.\" Rizzo said as Danny watched Rizzo walked away. \"I don't know about these chicks.\" Danny said. \"Yeah! They're only good for one thing!\" Kenickie grinned. \"Then, what are you supposed to do with them for the other 23 hours and 45 minutes of the day?\" Sonny asked. Then I got confused and ask, \"Is that all it takes, 15 minutes?\" Then the guys groaned at me and Sonny threw a napkin at me and Doody pinched my cheek. \"It's a good thing you're innocent and adorable Putz,\" Kenickie said grabbing my fries, well it was Sonny's fries. But he gave it to me. \"I was just asking,\" I say quietly. \"I know Putzie,\" Kenickie said but he had to put his foot down off the chair because Sandy walked by as Doody wolf-whistle at her. I glance up at Doody and then back at Danny. \"I'll be right back.\" Danny said getting up. \"Ok.\" Kenickie said. I watched Danny go and then I looked over at Kenickie. \"Do you like her or something?\" Kenickie asked me. \"No I don't,\" I lied. \"Let's talk about the rumble.\" \"Ok, come here Sonny.\" Kenickie said sitting up. \"Ok, so when we get there…we'll crush those creeps.\" \"But what if they win?\" Doody asked. \"Really Dood?\" Sonny asked. \"Doody, we're the T-Birds.\" Kenickie told him. \"We're basically like superheroes.\" \"Cool.\" I said grinning and they chuckle at me. Then I looked over to see Sandy leaving and I looked over at Danny who was about to leave, so I stood up and follow him out. \"Hey Zuko, what happened?\" I asked him. \"I can't believe I mess up!\" Danny yelled. \"What did she say?\" I asked him. \"Well I was saying how sorry I was and it just…\" Danny said. \"Know what, I'm gonna figure out how to get Sandy back.\" \"What's that?\" I asked. \"I'll tell you later.\" Danny said walking off and turned to me. \"And give that packs to Kenickie Roger!\" Then he left. \"Oh come on!\" I yelled. Then I saw Kenickie come out and grabbing the packs out of my pocket. \"Can I have just one Kenny?\" I asked him innocently. \"Awwww,\" Kenickie awed. Yes! I think it's working. \"No Putzie, you can't have these.\" Kenickie said. \"You are too young and too small.\" Too small? I let out a sigh. \"I'm gonna go find Jan.\" I told him. \"And then we're picking up my adorable baby sister up from ballet lesson.\" \"Ok have fun.\" Kenickie said smiling at me. \"And make sure you tell Jan that you love her.\" He said winking at me. \"Shut up,\" I said rolling my eyes at him and then he went back inside and I saw Jan walking out. \"Hey Jan!\" I waved to her. \"Hi Putzie.\" She said walking over to me. \"How are ya?\" \"I'm good, you?\" I asked her. \"I'm great, just on my way home to help my mom.\" She said. I smiled at her and she smiled back at me. \"Oh that's nice.\" I said smiling. \"Well I'll talk to you later Putz.\" Jan said waving to me. \"Ok, you too.\" I said waving her back. Then I realize I forgot to ask her to come with me. \"Crap!\" I yelled. But Jan was gone now, way a go Jacobs! I picked my baby sister up from her ballet lesson and went home to see my big brother at the door. \"Hey big brother!\" I smiled as I put Pammy down. Then I saw him frown. \"What's wrong?\" I asked. \"Putzie, Pammy…I got a phone call…and they said that I should um…leave for war next week Monday.\" Phil said. Then I felt the whole world crash down on me. \"What?\" I asked. \"No, you can't leave now!\" \"Putzie, I'm sorry baby brother.\" Phil said. \"Don't baby brother me bucko!\" I yelled. \"Roger!\" My mom scolded. \"It's bad enough that you were for 6 years!\" I yelled. \"But now you'll probably for gone for 16 years!\" \"Putzie,\" Phil started. \"I know you're mad, but I have to do this….I'm so sorry kiddo.\" He said kissing my head and going in the kitchen.[Chapter 10] Putzie's POV I was in my room sitting on the floor with my arms resting on my kneecaps. I don't wanna see anybody right now. I'm too upset; I missed my big brother so much, now he won't see me getting married to Jan! \"Come on Putzie, can you please come out!\" I heard Kenickie yelled. I just stayed quiet. \"Come on man,\" I heard Doody yelled. \"We need to talk to you!\" \"Go away!\" I yelled. \"Come on buddy!\" Sonny yelled. \"You don't know what is like to have a big brother who comes back home and then leaves for another years.\" I yelled as tears formed in my eyes. \"Putzie! I'm going to buy stuff, you wanna come?\" I heard Phil asked. I just looked at the door. \"Look, I'll be back late tonight ok.\" I heard Phil said. \"Love you baby brother and I'll always love you, Pammy, mom, dad and the guys.\" I let out a sad sigh and just looked down. \"Putzie, do you want me to call Danny?\" Kenickie asked me. \"Can I just please be alone?\" I asked. \"I'm gonna go talk to Danny and he's gonna come over.\" I heard Kenickie said. I just looked out the window and let a tear run down my face. \"I just talked to Danny! He's gonna come over soon once he done with something.\" I heard Kenickie tell me. \"We'll see ya later, Kay buddy!\" \"Bye Putzie!\" I heard Sonny yelled. I was still in my room, feeling tried and upset, why does he have to leave!? Then I looked over at my door when I heard someone knocked. \"Putzie?\" I heard Danny. \"Come on buddy, open the door.\" I just let out a sigh and looked down. \"Ok, I'm gonna pick a lock.\" I heard Danny says. Then I heard him picked a lock on my doorknob and he opened the door and shut it while putting his pick in his pocket. \"Hey buddy.\" He said. I just looked up at him and he lets out a sigh while sitting next to me. \"Listen buddy, I know you're upset.\" Danny said. \"But he's not gonna be gone forever.\" I just sigh. \"Yeah, but…it's not the same without him…I'm always feeling like I don't have any big brothers.\" I said. \"You have 5 big brothers and 4 of them are staying right here with you to protect you, tease you, care about you and love you.\" Danny said putting his arm around me. \"Epically me, the one who calls you brother.\" He smiled at me and I kind of sad smile. \"Come on; let's see that Putzie's smile.\" Danny said. \"Come on, where is it?\" I looked up at him. \"Come here.\" He said hugging me tightly. \"It's gonna be ok brother.\" \"But what if something bad happens to him?\" I asked him. \"Nothing won't happen to him Putzie, I promise.\" He said. \"And I promise you that I'll always protect you and keep you safe.\" Danny said. \"No matter what happened, I'll always protect ya.\" \"Thanks Danny.\" I said quietly. \"No problem kiddo.\" He said. \"Thanks for being there for me Danny.\" I said. \"That's what brothers are for,\" He told me. I smiled, we're mainly like brothers. Danny practically raised me while my folks and Phil was busy with something. \"Have you asked Jan out yet?\" Danny asked me. \"Not yet, I forgot.\" I admit. I heard him chuckle. \"I love you kid.\" He said kissing my head. \"Danny, can you not leave me alone tonight?\" I asked him. \"Of course I won't buddy; I'll stay up all night to protect you.\" He said smiling down at me. \"Thanks Danny.\" I said smiling at him. \"No problem Rog,\" He said, he and my family member are the only one who get to call me by my first name, sometimes the guys too. \"Love you brother.\" I heard him say. \"You too, brother.\" I said back. Then I closed my eyes to sleep, I was in my room all night and never came out.[Chapter 11] Putzie's POV A few months later, school is almost over, YES! Graduation is almost here too! Danny also has been acting like my big brother, like always. I am way closer to Danny. But I love the guys too. I don't have a favorite. Anyway, Kenickie, the guys and I arrived at Frosty Palace to meet up with our girls, the Pink Ladies. I'm still trying to tell Jan how I feel. But I just get too nervous, speaking of that, I saw Jan talking to Rizzo inside, and I started to get nervous again. Then I looked up to see Kenickie talking to me. \"You ok buddy?\" He asked me. \"Uh y-yeah, I'm great.\" I lied. Then he walks over to me. \"Just talk to her.\" He told me. \"I can't.\" I told him. \"Why not?\" He asks. \"Because...because she's not like the other girls.\" I said. \"She's...she's...\" \"The one for you.\" Kenickie finished for me. \"Yeah,\" I replied. \"Putzie, I like Jan a lot and I gotta say...you have great taste in girls, she is really nice and smart...I think you should go for it.\" Kenickie tells me. \"But just...be yourself...because I know she likes you too.\" Then I let out a sigh. \"Now go inside and make your move.\" Kenickie smiled. Then I chuckle and we went inside, walking over to Jan and Rizzo. \"Hello ladies.\" Kenickie smirked; I looked over at Jan who looked at me too, and then we were smiling at each other. \"Well hello boys.\" Rizzo smiled. \"Hi Putzie.\" Jan says. \"Hi Jan.\" I smiled back. Then I saw her blush and I looked down clearing my throat telling Kenickie to leave us alone for a while. \"Right, um Rizzo let's go somewhere private.\" Kenickie winked at Rizzo. \"Oooh, I like the way you think Mr. Murdoch.\" Rizzo smirked. Then Kenickie growled as they ran off and we laughed. \"Crazy kids, huh?\" I asked letting out a laugh. \"Yeah,\" Jan agreed. \"So uh...wanna...do you wanna dance?\" I asked while rubbing my hand on my neck. \"If you want too?\" \"Sure.\" She smiled. Then I smiled back, praying yes to God inside. So we started dancing. \"This is fun.\" Jan said. \"Yeah, here.\" I said grabbing her hand and twirl her around. \"Wow, you're a dancer Putzie.\" She squealed. \"I know.\" I winked at her. Then she giggled. \"Sorry.\" She said. But I told her \"Don't be.\" Then she blushed and I smiled at her. Then I saw Danny and Sandy running up to the table, so I turned to Jan who was having fun. \"You're a great dancer Putzie.\" She smiled. Then I smiled back. \"Thanks, so are you.\" I smiled at her. Then I saw her blushed. \"Sorry.\" She apologized. \"Hey, you have nothing be sorry about.\" I told her as I twirl her around in my arms who smiled. \"Weee!\" She squealed and I set her down on the floor. Then I saw the guys and the girls all at Danny and Sandy's table. \"Hey Viola!\" Sonny yelled. \"A dog-sled delights with four spoons!\" \"And an Eskimo pie with a knife!\" Kenickie also shouts. \"Come on Jan.\" I said as we both ran up to the gang. \"Hiya gang!\" Jan greets. \"Hi Jan!\" Sonny says. \"Hi Putz!\" Doody greets me. \"Hi Jan!\" Frenchy smiled. Viola comes with a tray of polar burgers, cherry soda, and chocolate ice cream. \"Here y're. Grab em' and growl.\" She puts it down and I smiled at the yummy foods. Then I heard Rizzo saying, \"I have so many hickies, people will think I'm a leper.\" And then Kenickie says, \"Hey! Cheer up; uh...a hickey from Kenickie is like a hallmark card, only when you care enough to send the very best.\" Then he chomps on his burgers, making me chuckles at him quietly. That Kenickie, what are ya gonna do with him. But I love him like a big brother! Danny and Phil are worrying that I might become like him one day. \"You pig!\" Rizzo shouts and Kenickie says with mouth full of heaven. \"I love it when you talk dirty...\" Then I grabbed the cherry soda and took the sip of it, and looked over at Sandy when she said, \"My parents to invite you tea on Sunday. You wanna come?\" She asked Danny. We all looked over at Danny. \"I don't like tea.\" Danny said. Then Sandy chuckles. \"You don't have to drink tea.\" She tells him. \"Well I don't like parents.\" Danny says. Then I closed my eyes in frustration, oh why Danny, why? But we tried to hold our laughers because Danny was trying not to hurt her...again. I looked over and decided to offer her my fries. \"Want some?\" I asked her. Uh...Mmmh.\" Jan says shaking her head no. \"You sure are a cheap date.\" I said. Then I froze, why did I just say that to her?\" \"Oh I-I didn't mean it for it come out-\"I quickly explained. \"I Understand.\" She says. Then I smiled a little. \"I always thought you were a very understanding person.\" I told her. \"I am.\" She says. \"And I also think...there's more to you than just fat.\" I told her. \"Thanks.\" She says looking a little confused and I held her hand. \"You're welcome.\" I said. I think I'm gonna ask her to the dance, ok Jacobs. Just like what Kenickie said, just be yourself. \"Ya gotta date to the dance-off?\" I asked her. \"No.\" She replies. \"You wanna go?\" I asked her. \"Sure!\" She smiled. Then I smiled and she gave me her fries, and I ate it. \"Oh no! I'm gonna be a senior forever! I have to study for that dumb algebra test tomorrow!\" Marty said as she started hustling to get her purse and her jacket, and stood up to leave. \"Hey! You're in luck luscious! You're got an armed escort home!\" Sonny said stopping her. Oh Sonny, when will you grow up and learn? But Marty reports, \"It's not the arm I'm worry about Sonny! It's hand.\" Then Marty went past him and left. \"She loves me.\" Sonny said smiling at us, making Kenickie chuckles. Then he comes up behind, he's so hungry for girls. But to be honest, he always fails at getting them. Epically Marty! He was also the trouble-maker in the group too, same with Kenickie too. Danny not so much, that's why he's the leader, Doody and I are the innocent ones in the gang. Then I saw Doody pass Jan the banana split as she put it down. \"Hey ya comin' French?\" Doody asked his girlfriend. Frenchy looks up and hesitates. \"Oh, I don't think so—I think I'd hang out for a little longer.\" She told him. \"Alright.\" Doody said. Then I looked over at Jan who let out a sigh. \"Well I've been dieting all day long.\" She said throwing the burgers at the plate and looks over at me. \"My mom's apple-pie is better than this stuff. Ya want a piece?\" She asked me. \"Yeah! Sure!\" I smiled as I throw the burger down on the plate. \"Kay!\" She smiled as she jumps down and ran off. \"Hey Putz,\" I heard Sonny. \"Yeah?\" I asked. \"15 minutes.\" Sonny repeats the words I said before and I hit his arm angry as he and Doody laughed. So I ran over to Jan who was waiting for me. \"Ready?\" I asked her and she nods her head. \"Kay let's go.\" I said as we held hands and walked out.[Chapter 12] Putzie's POV We walked all the way to Jan's house and up to her house. \"My parents are not home yet, but you can come in.\" She said unlocking the door and she lets me as she shuts the door. \"You have a nice home.\" I told her as I looked around. \"Thanks.\" She smiled. \"Come on.\" Then we walked in the kitchen. \"I'll set the table for you.\" I offered. \"Aw thank you Putzie,\" She said as she grabbed the apple pie while I grabbed 2 plates, 2 forks and 1 knife. Then we almost bumped into each other. \"Sorry.\" We both say at the same time and chuckled. \"Ladies first.\" I smiled. Then she smiled as she walked over to the table putting the apple pie down as I set the plate down and started eating. \"This is really good.\" I smiled. \"You're mom is amazing cook.\" Then Jan smiled. \"Yes she is.\" She said. Then I saw she has apple pie on her lip. \"Oh you got...here let me get it for ya.\" I said grabbing a napkin and wiped her mouth for her and I stopped, looking at her and slowly taking my hand away from her. \"Sorry.\" I said. \"It's ok.\" She says and we ate, watched a movie for awhile.[Chapter 13] Putzie's POV 4 days later, I was putting on leather jacket and I saw Danny came in my room. \"Ready Putz?\" He asked. \"For what?\" I asked. \"To fix Greased Lightning ya dork.\" He smirks. Then I chuckled at him. \"Yeah,\" I replied. Then I saw him sit down on my bed. \"What's wrong? Is Sandy ok? What did you do this time?\" I asked. Then he chuckles at me. \"Putzie...\" He said giving me the look. \"Sorry. But what's going on?\" I asked him. \"I'm just...so tired, been up all night...thinking.\" Danny replies. \"That's the first.\" I joked. \"Hey!\" He yells in offensives. \"I'm kidding.\" I smiled. \"Just show Sandy that she's the only one for you.\" \"Yeah.\" He says. \"Anyway, how are you feeling?\" He asked me. \"I'm good, but I sure do miss my big bro.\" I admit. \"It's ok buddy.\" He said putting his arm around me. I just nodded my head. \"Come on, let's go.\" He said as we stood up and he put me in the headlock. Danny and I got to the Auto-shop, \"Ok Putz, I'm gonna talk to Miss Murdoch about something, Kay.\" Danny told me. \"Kay.\" I said walking over to the car. \"Move over slick.\" I heard Doody says. \"Hey fruitcake, you got it backward.\" Sonny said to Doody as they flip the bender over, and then I realized what they got. Then I looked up at Doody and asked, \"What kind of car did you swipe this from anyway?\" \"Ya mother.\" They both replied. Then I looked at Doody in shocked. My mother! \"Why my mom?\" I asked him. \"Oh come on Putz,\" Doody said as he looked over at me. \"You aintin that upset are ya?\" \"Well it's my mother.\" I said walking away and walked over to Kenickie who rolled out of the car and sat up. \"You ok Babyface?\" Kenickie asked me as he wipes the grease from his hand. \"Those dorks swipe the bender from my mother.\" I told him. Then he chuckles at me. \"Don't sweat it buddy, come on you can help me with this.\" He said. \"Ok Kenick!\" I said standing up and walked over to the hood of the car. Then I saw Doody walked over to me giving me, an, I'm sorry note for my mom and went back making me chuckle at him.[Chapter 14] Putzie's POV I was in my room getting ready for the dance-off, and then I turned around to see Kenickie there. \"No fare, you look more adorable than I do.\" He says. Then I chuckle at him. \"Are the girls here?\" I ask him. \"Yes, Jan looks great too.\" He winks at me. \"Great,\" I said as we went downstairs. \"Aw my baby boy looks so handsome.\" My mom says. \"Thanks mom.\" I said hugging her. \"Putzie, will you be my prom date?\" Pammy asked me. \"Smart kid.\" Kenickie said meaning she won't get any boyfriend. \"Of course baby sis.\" I said kissing her head. \"Ok kids, let's take the picture.\" My dad said. \"You look great Jan.\" I smiled at her. \"You too.\" She said. Then we all smiled for the picture. Then we said goodbye and got in Kenickie's car. Kenickie's got a different date with Cha-Cha. Then we all arrived at the dance. Then I smiled as we walked inside, went inside the gym and smiled. \"Boy, the gym never looked so good.\" I said. \"Did you bring the provision?\" Jan asked me. I was way ahead of her, so I pulled up my arms, and in my sleeves was a Hersey Bar and a wiped cream can making Jan smiled. \"Yes.\" She smiled. \"Aright, kids. I want a big circle. C'mon on boys and girls, we are going on the air very shortly. But first, some warm-up numbers with Johnny Casino and the Gamblers.\" The guy from the national bandstand said announced. Then he ushers all in a big circle which gives a very huge space in the gym. He says and we all cheered loudly excited to be on television nationwide. Jan loves Johnny Casino, and I think he and the band are pretty cool too. So they started to play and Jan pulled me for a dance. We danced to throughout the music. Then we saw Danny and Sandy next to us. \"Hey lovebirds,\" Jan smiled. \"Hi Jan, wow you look amazing.\" Sandy smiled. \"Thanks.\" Jan smiled. \"And may I say that you look like a princess.\" I told Sandy. \"Aw thank you Putzie.\" She smiled. \"And you look so handsome Danny.\" Jan tells him. \"Why thank you, and Putzie...you look amazing buddy.\" Danny said patting my back smiling. \"Thanks Zuko.\" I smiled. \"And remember what I told your parents yesterday.\" He said. \"Danny, please...not in front of the girls.\" I scolded making him chuckle at me. \"Ok, you kids go have fun but not too much fun.\" Danny warned us. \"Don't do what Kenickie will do.\" Oh my Gosh, Danny please! But I love him for being protective of me. Then I rolled my eyes at him playfully and held Jan arms. \"Oh I love this song.\" Jan smiled talking about the song \"Those Magic Changes\". \"Can we dance to this song please?\" Then I chuckle at her. \"Of course Jan.\" I told her. \"Yay!\" She cheered as she grabs my hands and took me to the dance floor. So we started dancing, but then I notices that she dance-walked me. \"Why doncha let me lead for a change?\" I asked her. Then she spinned me around and said, \"I can't help it, I'm use to leadin'.\" \"Ok!\" I said and then she dragged me. Then we walked over to Kenickie and his date Cha-Cha, whom Danny used to go out with. \"Hey Babyface, you guys havin' fun?\" Kenickie asked. \"Yep!\" I grinned. Then he smiled and we saw Frenchy and Doody walked over to us. Then we saw Danny and Sandy walking by us. \"Hey Zuko! Hey Zuk! Zuk! I want you to meet Cha-Cha DiGreggorio.\" Kenickie said stopping him. Then Danny phase back and forth trying to avoid Cha-Cha. Oh please don't mess this is Zuko! \"How ya doing Zuko, baby?\" Cha-Cha purred. Now I feel so bad for Sandy, come on Danny! Please don't break her heart again man! \"Fine,\" Danny replied. Then Doody asked, \"Who is she?\" \"They call me Cha-Cha, because I'm the best dancer at St. Bernadette's.\" She bragged. \"With the worst reputation.\" Frenchy finished. Cha-Cha shot Frenchy a glare. \"Let's go Sandy.\" Danny said immediately takes Sandy by her hand away from us to go back to the dance floor. I hope he doesn't hurt her again! \"Let's go Charlene!\" Kenickie also took her hand and went off to the dance floor. \"Charlene? Didn't she go out with Danny?\" Doody asked me. \"Yep.\" I said letting out a sigh. \"Oh,\" Doody said. \"Yep,\" I said taking Jan's hand and then another song comes on, \"Tears on my pillow.\" Jan pulled me to the two lines, one for boy and for girl. It's a dance were a couple comes down the line while we dance. After a few couples, it's our turn. As we start walk dancing down, I danced like Danny taught me when we do the stroll and we made it to the small stage with a school secretary, Chisum, and Sonny coming to the stage as well. By the end of the song, she shushes everyone and shouts \"The Rydell fight song!\" Most of the student body cheered, except us. I was like... Ok... Let's go with the new arrangement to the song we hate so much. Then McGee and couch Calhoun walked down the hall to the front and climbed up to the stage and she says, \"When you're finished.\" A voice in the crowd shouted, \"We're finished!\" She continues, \"You will be happy to know that I am not judging the dance contest.\" We start cheering. \"I think we owe a round of applause to Patty Simcox and Eugene Felsnick and committee for their beautiful decorations!\" \"LET'S HEAR IT FOR THE TOILET PAPER!\" I hear Sonny shout out loud and got us cheering. Again, she continues, \"In a few moments, the entire nation will be watching Rydell High.\" She sighs, \"God help us. And I want you all to be on your best behavior.\" Sonny shouts, \"NO HEINIE BITING!\" And we all laugh. \"And now, here he is, the prince of the platters, Mr. Vince Fontaine!\" Miss McGee announced. Oh no, Jan loves that guy! I knew her eyes were searching for him around the room. \"Where is he?\" Jan shouted. McGee shouted his name again. And he comes down the middle with a bunch of crazy fans jumping at him and touching him. He comes up on stage and then starts doing his famous kicks to the drum beat sound. We all started screaming. I saw Jan covered her ears. So I asked if she was ok, she nodded. \"Hi kids! Hey, it's great to be here at Rydell High! What's your name sweetheart?\" He asks McGee, and we all laugh again. She comes back to the mic. \"Now, for the rules.\" Oh great. There are rules. A guy in the crowd shouted. \"Up the rules!\" Couch Calhoun came back to the mic and recites, \"Game rule one. All couples must be boy-girl.\" I, who wraps my arms around Jan waist, push Eugene who is next to us and shouts, \"Aw! Too bad Eugene!\" I start laughing. \"Alright! Alright! Alright! Come on!\" Couch Calhoun continues, \"Game rule two, during the dance contest, if you're tapped on the shoulder, you must leave the floor immediately, or else. I mean it.\" And McGee took the mic to finish, \"And rule three, anyone doing tasteless, or vulgar movements, will be disqualified.\" Then we start booing. I turn to see Putzie booing and gave them a thumb down. Rizzo is with the guy's arms around her waist and she says, \"That leaves us out.\" Again, we started laughing. McGee gives her a dirty look and couch Calhoun asked them, \"Can we keep it clean, please? Let's keep it clean.\" The same guy from before rushes past him, \"20 seconds!\" Vince takes the mic and says quickly as possible. Jan love it when he talks too fast in rhyme. \"Thank you fans and friends, odds and ends and now for you gals and guys, a few words to the wise. You Jim and Sals are my best pals. And to look your best for the big contest, just to be yourselves and have a ball. That's what it's all about after all! So forget about the camera, and think about the beat. We'll give the folks at home a real big treat. Don't worry about where the camera is, just keep on dancin, that's your biz. Hey if I tap your shoulder move to the side. Let the others finish the ride!\" Jan couldn't stop looking at him. Her jaw drops open and drooling. I kept taking my eyes off him but gave up. \"Ten seconds!\" \"Nine. Eight. Seven. Six. Five! Four! Three! Two! One!\" Bam! We're now officially live on television!\" Vince talks to the camera. \"Hello! Welcome to National Bandstand, coming to you live from Rydell high school! This is the event you've all been waiting for, the national dance off. And away we go with Johnny Casino and the gamblers.\" Then they started playing \"Hound Dog\" by Elvis. We all got into dancing positions until I spotted the camera. Jan urged me to come to the camera. I picked her up as she blow kisses to the camera. Soon the others follow saying hi to their families on camera. Soon we got back to dancing with the cameras rolling around us. As the song ends, Vince comes back the camera. \"Now to the event you've all been waiting for, the 'National dance off!' Some lucky guy and gal is gonna go bopping home with some fantabulous prizes. But don't feel bad if I bump you out, coses it doesn't matter if you win or lose, it's what you do with your dancing shoes. Hey does everybody here know Marty?\" \"Ok cats! Throw your mittens around your kittens, and away we go!\" And quick as soon as the music started, we immediately started dancing. I took Jan to the side and started spinning both of us around, although we didn't get eliminated, but I didn't want to win anyways. Jan agreed as Kenickie came sliding behind Patty and pulling up her dress; we dropped out of the dance off, and left to the other side of the room. Sandy and Danny start coming to the middle dancing, and they're the only couples left in the competition that's weren't eliminated. Jan and I were crossing my fingers hoping they would win. But then something went into Jan eye, she turned around to blink it or rub it off, I helped a bit. Eventually it got off. But as I turn back around to watch, that same girl I saw earlier is dancing with Danny. Where's Sandy? What happened? Oh no Zuko, you didn't! Then I looked over at Jan who asked, \"What happened? Where's Sandy?\" I replied, \"I don't know.\" Then Danny slides on the floor to us and gave us a low five and went back to the middle to jump into a split. McGee came out to give them a trophy and Cha-Cha swipes it out of her hands. I picks Jan up for a piggy back ride as everybody else dances, then song ends, Vince come to flip in front of the camera and the balloons come down from the ceiling. Then I put Jan down and whispers to her, \"I'll be back in a minute.\" I kiss her cheek and left her, walking over to Doody who was talking to Sonny. \"What's up?\" I ask. \"We're gonna moon the America?\" Doody told me. \"Moon? I don't know guys,\" I admitted feeling uncomfortable with the idea. \"Come on, don't be such a wimp.\" Sonny giggled. Then I rolled my eyes at him. \"Fine,\" I said giving up. Then we both grabbed Sonny's arm and drag him over to the bleacher. \"Where's Marty?\" Sonny asked. \"Don't worry, she's in good hands.\" Doody told him. \"Who?\" I asked. Then Doody glared at me. \"Well I didn't know.\" I said. Then I put on Sonny's coat on, as Doody put mine on and put his coat on Sonny. \"Ok, come on guys.\" Doody ordered. Then we ran over where the camera and Doody countdown to 3, and we all mooned the America and we can hear people laughing. To be honest, I felt super duper uncomfortable. \"Kay, let's go!\" Then we all ran out of the gym pulling our pants up. I ran outside seeing Doody and Sonny gone. \"Idiots.\" I muttered. Then I saw Sandy sitting on the bench crying and walked over to her. \"Hey,\" I say quietly and sat next to her. \"Hey Putzie.\" She said dapping her cheek. \"Look, Danny didn't mean too...\" I told her. \"But I know...he's stupid and doesn't know what he's doing sometimes...but I know that he loves you very much...\" Then she looks up at me. \"Just give him another chance, ok.\" I smiled warmly. \"Ok.\" She says. \"Hey um...why were Doody and Sonny running out of the dance. I shouldn't tell her what we just did. \"How about I take you home, about that?\" I asked her as I stood up and held her hand. \"And tomorrow you can call Danny and he'll explain everything.\" Then she smiled at me and kissed my cheek. \"You are such a sweet guy Putzie.\" She said walking away. Then I smiled myself. But before I could leave, I told Jan that I had to take her home and then I took Jan home as well. The next day the guys and I went over to Kenickie's house to tell him what we did. \"You fellas did what!?\" Kenickie asked. \"Roger, I'm surprise in you!\" \"I know, I'm ashamed.\" I admit. \"But I wanted to back out!\" \"You boys can go to jail.\" Kenickie whispers to us. Then my eyes widen and Kenickie noticed. \"Not my Babyface though.\" Kenickie quickly said. Then I let out a big sigh. \"Why not Putzie?\" Sonny asked. \"What-you boys know he wouldn't survive 1 second in that cell!\" Kenickie snapped. \"Whatever! We need to keep you guys on the down low until this mooning the America blows over.\" \"Please don't tell Danny.\" I begged him. \"Ok, we won't tell him.\" Kenickie told him. \"Now come on, we need to fix Greased Lightning up before Thunder road.\"[Chapter 15] Putzie's POV We arrived at the Thunder road and we heard Miss McGee voice saying that they have footage of the mooners and we try to act like nothing happened when Miss Murdoch walked passes us. \"We are so dead.\" I whisper quietly. \"Yep,\" Doody agreed as Sonny nodded. 3 Days later, Kenickie hid us in his trunk and we arrived at the drive-in and saw Kenickie open the trunk. \"Move your butt Putz.\" I heard Sonny say to me. Then I stood up. \"Ow,\" I muttered. \"Ok, let's find the girls.\" Kenickie said as he shuts his trunk and we walked off. Then I grabbed Kenickie's arm. \"Kenickie, I'm scared.\" I admitted, about the mooning. \"Look Putzie, we're gonna do everything to get this over with, I promise you that I won't let anyone take you or the guys.\" Kenickie promised. \"Thanks Kenick,\" I smiled. \"Anytime kid.\" He said patting the back of my head. \"Now, I'm gonna go find Rizzo.\" He winked at me. Then I chuckled at him as he walked off and I walked by the guys and saw the girls parked and I heard Jan saying something to Frenchy as they got out and Marty said something and walked away and Doody looks over at Sonny with a sad look on his face, he felt bad for Sonny. \"I'm gonna go catch up to her.\" Sonny said running off. \"Hey Marty, wait up!\" \"C'mon French, let's go enjoy the movie.\" Doody said winking at her. \"Oh Doody, I love it when you get romantic.\" Frenchy smiled as they got in the car and I looked over at Jan. \"So...wanna...get popcorn?\" I asked her. \"Uh I actually don't wanna eat anything right now, beside I just had dinner.\" She told me. \"Oh ok.\" I said looking down. \"But we can go for a nice little walk and watch the movie.\" She said holding my hand, come on Putz. Pull yourself together man! \"Ok!\" I said smiling at her. Then we walked. \"So...lovely night aintin it?\" I asked. \"Yes, very.\" She replies. Really Jacobs?! \"So what are you doing after high school?\" Jan asked me. \"I'm going to Stanford University where my brother went.\" I told her. \"I promise myself, Danny and my folks that I'll go to college for awhile after high school while looking for a job also.\" \"Wow, I'm going there too.\" She says. Then I looked over at her smiling. \"Great!\" I said. \"So what job are you looking for?\" Jan asked me. \"Well...don't laugh, but I think I'm gonna be a daycare worker...male daycare worker.\" I said. \"I think it's great that you wanna work with kids.\" She admits. \"Really?\" I asked. \"Yeah, it's shows how sweet and caring a guy you are...that's the kind of guy that my parents want me to go out with...and so did I.\" Then we laughed. Then we walked back to the drive-in. \"What about you?\" I asked her. \"I'm thinking about being a veterinarian.\" She replies. \"I love animals.\" Then I smiled. \"That's a great job.\" I said. Then we smiled at each other and I snapped out of it. \"U-uh, w-wanna go watch the movie?\" \"Sure!\" She smiled. Then we walked back to the car and got in to see Doody and Frenchy up front cuddling and Doody was kissing Frenchy's cheek making her giggled and he looked over at me. \"Hey lovebirds, did you do it?\" Doody asked. \"Shut up Anthony.\" I mutter. Then I saw Doody turned around and gave me the death glare and I snickered. Then Jan and I looked out the window to see Sandy running off. \"Uh oh, Danny must've been too smoothed.\" Jan says. \"I'll go after her.\" Frenchy offers. \"I'm coming too!\" Jan says as they both got out. \"I'm gonna go talk to him.\" I said getting out of the car. \"What am I'm gonna do then?\" Doody asked. Then I turned to him. \"Are you really serious right now?\" I asked him, giving him the look. \"Oh, right. Bye!\" He said driving off. \"That's what I thought.\" I said to myself and running off to find Danny. I found Danny at the swing set and crying also, so I let out a sigh and walked over to him and sat down on the swing set next to him. \"What happened this time?\" I asked. \"You have an idiot for a best friend.\" Danny told me. \"What did you do?\" I asked him. \"I was...too smooth on her.\" He told. \"Of course.\" I thought. \"I um...I tried to grab her...you know...\" He explained and I knew what he was talking about. \"You grabbed her chest?\" I asked him. \"Danny! How could you!?\" \"I don't know!\" Danny yelled as he stood up. \"And why do you care?\" \"Because I happened to be a sweetheart of a guy and I don't go to making out town like you do and hurt them!\" I yelled. \"It's not because you're sweet, there's something else! You all of sudden care about Sandy and if we made up or not!\" \"Because I love her!\" I blurted out. Then he stared at me and I let out a sigh. \"You love her?\" He asked me. \"I-I'm sorry Danny, I should've be in love with your girl...but I can't help it feeling bad for the girl when you keep upsetting her!\" I snapped. Then he let out a sigh and looked away. \"When did...when did you um...you know...had a crush on her?\" He asked picking on his finger. \"Since the first day of school when I met her.\" I admitted. \"Oh,\" He said. \"Are you mad at me?\" I asked him. \"No Putz, I'm not...I just...wish you would've told me.\" He says looking up at me. \"We're best friends...we're...brothers.\" Then I gave him a sad smile. \"Look Zuko, I'm sorry for not telling you...but I didn't...because...\" I started. \"Because why?\" Danny asked. \"Because you loved her.\" I told him. Then he looks down and back at me. \"How can I get her back?\" He asked me. \"To tell you the truth buddy...I don't really know.\" I admitted. \"But...tomorrow, I'll talk to Jan to tell Sandy to talk to ya...because you both deserve each other...and you also can't live without her.\" Then he smiled at me. \"You would do that for me? After I did stupid things?\" He asked. \"Of course, like you said...we're like brothers.\" I smiled. Then he walked over to me, putting his arm around me. \"Thanks brother.\" He said. \"No problem brother.\" I smiled up at him, then we went off home and went to frosty to talk about what Danny should say to Sandy about what happened.[Chapter 16] Putzie's POV The next day after school, Danny and I were talking while fixing Greased Lightning. ALMOST DONE! YES! READY FOR THE THUNDERROAD! \"Have you talked to Sandy yet?\" I asked him. \"No, I tried calling her…but I failed.\" He whispered. He didn't want the guys know that he failed. \"I'm sorry buddy.\" I said. \"Nah it's ok.\" He said closing the hood shut. \"No it's not, you love her.\" I told him. \"She's your dream girl.\" \"Thanks pal.\" Danny said patting my arm. \"Ok fellas, let's test her out eh!?\" Kenickie says as he got in and Mrs. Murdoch got in the back. \"Yay!\" I cheered making the guys chuckle at me. Then Doody sat on the mechanics Board rolling backward with Danny behind him as Doody waved his arms singling Kenickie to move the car forward with Ms. Murdock sitting on the car, me and Sonny were behind the car. \"Head it out guys!\" Danny yelled out turning to stop Doody with his foot. \"Move it out!\" \"Move it out!\" Sonny yelled. \"Move it out!\" Doody yelled as he stood up while Kenickie stops the car. We crowed the car and I was admiring the car. \"Well, it's in great shape.\" Ms. Murdock commented. \"It's as hot as the parts on it.\" She smiled. \"It wasn't stolen, some was donated.\" Sonny said. Yeah, but you stole something from my mother! \"This will knock them on their ears.\" Kenickie said bumping Danny's belly. I chuckled at Kenickie. \"Yeah,\" Doody smiled but frowned looking at Kenickie. \"But you could still change your mind.\" Doody gave Kenickie a small nod. \"The flags go down in 3 hours.\" Ms. Murdock said. \"Hey Ms. Murdock, are you coming?\" I asked, giving her my best puppy dog eyes. Then she smiled. \"Aw I don't expect my boys to let me down and I won't let them down.\" She said getting off. \"Alright Ms. Murdock!\" Sonny cheered as he pats her back. \"Yes!\" Doody cheered walking over to her and Kenickie got out of the car. \"Oh Putzie, tell your mom sorry about your car.\" Doody said to me. \"Mmmh.\" I said looking at him. \"What?\" He asked. Then we saw Kenickie and Danny hugged and let go, then Danny walked off while combing back and I heard Kenickie yelling. \"Hey, what are standing around for? Get the can! Get the can!\" Kenickie yelled. \"Hey Putz, wanna drive with me and Danny to the Thunder road?\" Kenickie asks me and I looked up. \"Uh no thanks Kenick, Doody said he'll take me, besides he gonna say sorry for stealing the parts from my mother.\" I told him. \"Ok Babyface, but after that…frosty.\" He said winking at me. We have special nicknames for each other. \"Oh I'm there pal!\" I said getting in the car making him laughed. So Kenickie drove me back to school and I saw Danny sitting on the bench, ok this does not look good! So I walked over to him. \"Yo Zuk, what are ya doing? Where's Sandy?\" I asked him. \"Putzie, I can't do it.\" He said getting up. \"She's probably doesn't even wanna see me ever again. Then he ran his fingers through his hair. \"You want me to talk to her?\" I asked him. Then he looked over at me. \"Would you please?\" He begged. \"Ok, I will.\" I offer. \"Oh thank you brother, I own you big time!\" Danny smiled. \"Well maybe I can-\" I started. \"No you cannot.\" He said. \"But Danny!' I winced. \"End of convo Roger.\" He said walking off. Why does he do that!? Man he's good![Chapter 17] Putzie's POV After school I went out looking for Sandy to talk to her, and then I saw her walking to the busy street to go home, so I ran over to her. \"Sandy, wait up!\" I yelled after her as I caught up with her. \"Oh hi Putzie, how are you?\" She asked me. \"I'm good. Listen, what are you doing after school?\" I asked her. \"Um…well I was gonna go talk to Danny.\" She says. \"Great, how about you come down to Thunder road.\" I suggested. \"Ok, I'll see you guys there. Thanks Putzie.\" She smiled as she walked. Yes! So Doody and I drove to the Thunder road and we got out, walking over to guys with Leo, the leader of the Scorpions known as the Craterface! \"So you guys think got winner there huh?\" Leo asked. \"That's right!\" Kenickie told him. \"You guys aintin thinking about changing your mind are ya?\" Leo asked. \"No way.\" Kenickie responded. \"Good, cause we're racing for pinks.\" Leo said. \"Pinks?\" Danny asked. \"Pinks you punk! Pink slips! Ownership papers!\" Leo yelled. \"Oh, ho, ho, ho…\" Danny laughed angrily and tried to go at Leo but Kenickie stopped him and pushed him back. \"Come on!\" \"Ohhh….\" Leo oohed. \"Relax.\" Kenickie told Danny. \"I'll take care of it, alright.\" \"Ahaha, get the dude, man!\" Leo laughed. \"Ahahah!\" What a creep! I got in the car to go over it before Kenickie ride in it, and I saw Jan watching me and I smiled. \"So, like guys with cars?\" I asked her. She chuckles at me. I smiled at her, how pretty she was! \"Only you who I like.\" She smirked. Then I got excited and open the door, but heard a thump. Uh oh! \"You Putz!\" I heard Doody yelled and I looked over to see Kenickie unconscious. Oh no, what have I've done! \"Here put this under his head.\" Marty offers as she puts her Pink Lady jacket under Kenickie's head. \"Zuko, he's out cold.\" Sonny says. \"What are we going to do?\" \"Kenickie, talk to me.\" Danny says. \"What?\" Kenickie asked finally waking up. Oh thanked God he's still alive! \"You ok?\" Danny asked him. Then Kenickie laughed. \"Yeah, yeah I'm ok.\" Kenickie said. \"I'm fine. Oh god.\" No he's not! \"He can't drive.\" Ms. Murdock said. \"Really, I'm all right.\" Kenickie lied. \"I'm just seeing two of you man.\" \"You want me to drive for you man?\" Danny asked him. Then Kenickie looked up at Danny and nods his head. \"Yeah…yeah.\" Kenickie said. \"All right, help him up.\" Danny ordered us as they stood up while Sonny and Marty helped Kenickie up and I walked over to Kenickie. \"Kenickie, I'm so sorry! I didn't see you there!\" I said feeling guilty. \"Putz, it's ok buddy.\" Kenickie says. \"Don't worry about it man, I'm ok.\" \"Oh you don't know how happy I am to know that you're ok!\" I smiled. \"Of course, you're my Babyface and I could never ever be mad at ya.\" He told me. Then I smiled and walked over to Doody who opened the door for Danny. \"Hey,\" We looked over at Leo who was in his car. \"The Rules are there aintin no rules. First one back here wins.\" Then we looked over at Danny. \"Haul butts kid.\" Ms. Murdock tells him and pats his shoulder. Then Doody gave him a penny that Jan found, making Danny looked up at him and Ms. Murdock pulled Doody's arm away and the 2 cars drove up to the starting line and we went up to see Danny races. \"You aintin gonna see me for dust, Zuko!\" Leo yelled. They started their engines and then off they go. \"Go Danny!\" I yelled. \"Whoo, that's my boy!\" Sonny yelled. \"Go Zuko!\" Doody yelled. \"Yay Danny, kick his butt!\" I heard Jan yelled. Then we heard Leo's friends yelled \"Losers!\" \"Your mother!\" Frenchy yelled. GO DANNY! WOOOOOOO! I just know he's gonna win! I just know it! \"Whoo!\" Kenickie cheered. Then we saw Danny made a big jump and he won! \"All right!\" We cheered. We ran over to Danny and Doody jumped on top of the hood as Danny shook his hand and Danny rubs my head. \"All right Zuko!\" I cheered. \"Way a go Zuk!\" Sonny smiled. \"Hey Danny, you were great!\" Marty told him. Then Danny jumps out of the car. Then Sonny and Doody picked Danny up by his legs and sung, \"Aw for he a jolly good fellow, for he a jolly good fellow, for he a jolly good fellow! Which nobody can deny!\" Then they sat him down and I walked over to Kenickie. \"Hey Kenick, how's your head?\" I asked him. \"Putzie, I'm fine. Let's celebrate, Danny won!\" Kenickie smiled. \"Yeah!\" I cheered as I jumped around and spinned Jan around in my arms as she squealed and giggled.[Chapter 18] Putzie's POV 3 days later, I walked home from Frosty Palace with Danny. \"Putz, you should've seen the girls at school. They was drooling all over me.\" Danny grinned. Then I chuckled at him. \"Don't they always?\" I asked while smirking and then I stopped at my track to see my older brother's car. He's home! \"He's home! Phil's home!\" Then I ran inside to see my brother standing in the living room talking to mom and dad. \"Philly!\" I yelled running over to Phil, jumping on him. \"Hey little bro!\" Phil says hugging me tightly. I cried in his arms with joy. I don't care if greasers aren't allowed to show their emotions. Phil's my big brother! \"I miss you too buddy.\" Phil said.[Chapter 19] Putzie's POV 4 days later, graduation is just around the corner! Kenickie drove me, Doody and Sonny to the carnival. Anyway, Doody and I were walking looking at our report card. We flunk Phys. Ed? Jeez, I didn't know. \"I don't believe this!\" Doody says as he smacked the paper. \"How can I flunk Phys. Ed?\" \"Did I take Phys. Ed?\" I asked. Then Doody gave me the look and we walked over to see Couch Calhoun who had head through a hole, looked like throwing a yummy pie at a teacher! Yes! \"Step right up here!\" Ms. Murdock announced. \"It's for a wonderful cause-The teachers' retirement fund, giving them a pie in a puss.\" \"Couch Calhoun, how could flunk the T-Birds?\" Doody asked him. \"You'll get your diplomas. Just come to summer school.\" He says. \"Summer school!?\" I yelled. \"Look up!\" But Doody missed. \"If you'd come to class, you wouldn't have missed.\" Couch Calhoun said. \"Wise guy huh? Take that!\" Doody yelled throwing another pie at him, but missed again. \"You couldn't even pitch one inning.\" He told him. Just then Eugene came up and threw the pie at Couch Calhoun. Even for a nerd he has good throw! \"What's your name? I want you.\" Couch Calhoun asked. \"It's Eugene.\" Eugene says. \"You're a great pitcher!\" Couch Calhoun told him. \"Thank you!\" Eugene said, but then Doody threw the pie in Eugene's face. Then we laughed at him. \"Come on Eugene, I'll give you a towel.\" I told him. \"Aw thank you Putzie.\" He smiled. \"Ay your welcome nerd.\" I teased. \"Hey look, Putzie gone soft.\" Sonny yelled. \"Shut your mouth LaTierri!\" I yelled. \"Thanks Putzie, you were always my favorite T-Bird.\" Eugene admits. \"Why thank you.\" I said as we walked. Hey, he's younger than me, so I will as well be nice to him and school is almost done. So…what the heck! A little while Doody, Sonny and I were walking and looking around. Just then we saw Danny walking towards us...wearing a letterman jacket!? \"Hey there Zuko!\" Sonny called out. \"You gotta be kidding us man!\" \"Whoa, whoa, whoa!\" I yelled as we ran over to Danny. \"Hey, hey, hey!\" \"What is this, Halloween?\" Doody asked. \"Where did you swipe this letterman's sweater?\" I asked. \"While you boys were out stealing hubcaps, I lettered in track.\" Danny told him. So this is what he did to get Sandy back? \"I can't believe it, Danny Zuko turned a jock?\" Doody asked him. \"That's right I did.\" He responded. \"What are you doing, deserting us?\" Sonny asked him. Then he looked up at us. \"You guys can't follow your leader all your lives.\" Danny told us. Then we nod our heads but looked down. \"Oh come on guys, you know you mean a lot to me and Sandy does too...and I'm going to do anything I can to get her. That's all.\" Danny says. Then we just nodded and I looked over to see...a new version of Sandy, the bad Sandy! She was dressed in tight clothes with her hair curled up...she was every T-Bird's dream girl...but Jan is mine though...but look at Sandy! Wow! \"Sandy!\" I heard Danny yelled. \"Tell me about it stud.\" Sandy says flirty with him. Whoa! Then Danny took his sweater off and chucked to the ground and commenting how he felt. Then they both went in the fun house together. Wow, she's gorgeous! Then I saw how beautiful Jan was. \"Go ask her out for another date.\" I looked up to see Danny and Sandy smiling at me. Then I nod my head and walked over to Jan. \"Uh hey Jan.\"' I said nervously. \"Hi Putzie,\" she smiled at me. \"So um...wanna go out on a date on Saturday?\" I asked her. Then she kissed me in the lips and pulled away. \"Can we do that again!?\" I asked. Then she chuckles at him. \"Come here.\" I said hugging her in my arms. Yes! I finally got my girl! Then we saw Frenchy running towards us. \"Hey everybody, Kenickie and Rizzo made up.\" Frenchy announced as we saw them kissing...well very passionate kiss. \"All right!\" We cheered. \"Oh, look! Oh all the gang together!\" Frenchy says. \"Yeah but what happens after graduation?\" Marty asked. \"Yeah, maybe we'll never see each other again.\" Jan said. \"Nah that'll never happen.\" Danny told us. \"Yeah but how do you know?\" Sonny asks him. \"What do you mean how do I know?\" He asked as he pushes Sonny and made the bell rang. \"A wop baba lu-mop!\" Danny yelled. \"And wop bam boom!\" We cheered.[Chapter 20] Putzie's POV It was June already, things hasn't changed since. Jan and I are still dating, Sandy was still a bad girl but has respect and Danny agreed. Kenickie and Rizzo, of course still fighting. Anyway, I was in the living room watching Cartoons, ok don't judge me! I think it's very entertaining! Just then I saw Danny came in. \"Hey buddy,\" Danny said smiling. \"Hey, where's Sandy?\" I asked. \"Oh she and Jan wanted to have girls' day.\" Danny told me as he sat down next to me, patting my knee. Then I chuckled at him. \"But at least we can have brothers' day.\" He said looking over at me. \"Yeah...brothers.\" I smiled. Then we laughed at what happened on TV. The whole gang, we'll be together. Jan and I have been talking to Eugene and Patty; to be honest...they ain't so bad. I can't wait for my future with Jan...Being married, having children and still hanging with my buds. Thanks for reading! Xxx ","Summary":" Ok this is story is based off the youngest T-Bird member, Putzie's POV. As you can tell, he is my f"},{"Movie":"Evil Dead Army of Darkness","Title":"The Evil Dead: The Novelization","Author":"PLPwriter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7859965","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Evil Dead CHAPTER ONE \"S-Mart to Damnation's Road\" \"Ash, price check, Aisle three. Price check, Aisle three.\" The intercom squawked. Ash blinked, trying to focus his attention on the customer currently speaking to him. A feat which proved difficult considering how mentally checked out he was. \"Um, Hardware, aisle 12,\" he said, indicating the appropriate direction. The customer had FIRST asked him which department they were in (annoyingly, Ash had been standing in front of a large 'Housewares' sign throughout the conversation), then asked if that department carried wire cutters. Ash had calmly and politely directed them to the right place, and now the overweight woman wearing a belly blouse and short shorts wobbled her way towards it. \"Shop Smart, shop S-Mart.\" He called to her as an afterthought. Ash was a tall, dark-haired young man with slender build and what most had always described as a \"movie star chin\". His eyes were a light brown and were usually wide open, which his girlfriend had always told him she loved. He was now 23 years old, had been a stock boy at S-Mart for all three years of college so far, and at first he'd thought it was a great job to pay his way through, but these days… Not so much. He hadn't had a day off work in months, and with Spring Break approaching, it was time to get AWAY from S-Mart for a bit. Housewares department would just have to get along without him for a week, meanwhile he would be shacked up with his girlfriend Linda, his best friend Scotty, and Scott's girlfriend Shelly. Ash made his way up aisle three of Housewares and peered around the corner towards the checkout lines, spotting Linda at number 4 as usual. She looked up from scanning groceries and smiled at him. He pointed to his watch and mouthed '20 more minutes!', mock pumping his fist in the air in triumph. She laughed slightly, nodding and rolling her eyes as she finished the customer's cart off. Ash looked longingly at her a moment longer, then turned, whistling as he strolled down the aisle towards the back. Ted, another Housewares employee was crouched at the opposite end-cap of the aisle and looked as though he was about to fall asleep mid-placement of the toaster in his hand. He was setting up the display for their cooking appliance sale. Ash strolled up and leaned on the rack. \"Hey Ted, you think you'll be finished by the time I clock out?\" He asked. \"I'm really anxious to get outta here on-time today.\" Ted looked up at him, obviously irritated. \"What, you're in charge of Housewares, now you think you can just boss us all around?\" He asked. Ted was a college dropout, and never liked Ash much. Ash was tall, handsome and good with women, whereas Ted couldn't talk to most regular people, being short, skinny as hell, and had to wear thick glasses all the time. Not to mention his extensive wardrobe of sweater-vests… \"Well, not everyone, but you definitely, because you work in Housewares… Which I'm in charge of.\" Ash said, smirking. \"Not what I meant though, pal. I'm just anxious to get out because I'm headin' up into the mountains after work today.\" \"Oh really?\" Ted asked, not really seeming to care as he finished arranging the row of toasters. \"Yup. One whole week's vacation with Linda at a nice cozy cabin in the woods.\" Ash said, leaning against the rack, thinking. \"Its gonna be JUST what I needed. No work, no traffic, nothing to bother me…\" \"Ash! Phone for you!\" Earl said from the Housewares stock room door. Ash frowned, who could be calling now? He headed over to where Earl had been standing, and picked up the phone. \"S-Mart Housewares department, how can we help YOU shop Smart today?\" He mumbled in robotic efficiency. \"Hello Ashley.\" A female voice said, which made his teeth grind in irritation. Only two people in the entire world called him by his full first name… His mother and his sister. Judging by the voice, it was the former. \"Hi mom.\" Ash said, un-enthused. \"Everything okay?\" \"Yes yes, nothing to be concerned about.\" \"Well then what's up? Because I'm at work, and I gotta get out of here on-time so the others and I can get up to the cabin before dark.\" \"Oh, you know, just wanted to say have a nice trip… and to ask you a favor. 'Here it comes…' He thought. \"What kind of favor?\" He asked. \"Well, your sister has been having some problems adjusting to college life, and she hasn't really made any friends yet.\" \"Oh no, I know exactly where you're going with this, and the answer is no!\" Ash said, trying to remain calm. \"Ashley, she's your sister. You've got a duty as her big brother to help her with this transition!\" His mom commanded. \"But this is my only vacation all year!\" Ash countered, rubbing his head in irritation. \"Ashley, I never ask you to do anything, we pay for your college, we gave you the car, and then you changed your major so abruptly, you barely ever come visit…\" There was a reason for that, Ash hadn't gotten along with his family very well since the aforementioned major change. Ash had never wanted to get into engineering, but his dad, who was a 4th Generation Engineer, had insisted. \"Look mom, even if I DID say yes, there's no way she COULD come, we're leaving right after I get out of work in…\" He trailed off, checking his watch. \"Two minutes!\" \"Well she's already there.\" His mother said. \"What!\" Ash demanded. \"You didn't even ask first?\" \"We didn't have time. Your father and I have been having problems lately, and we didn't want Cheryl around to get upset on top of the problems she's been having.\" \"That's not my problem though!\" Ash said. \"You and dad ALWAYS fight.\" \"You need to take responsibility and be a man now, Ashley.\" His mother said, his full name contradicting the manliness she was obviously hoping to inspire in him. \"I know you'll do the right thing, honey. I love you, goodbye.\" With that, the line clicked, and went dead. Ash slammed the phone down and fell onto the stool next to the phone hangup spot. He groaned and ran his hands through his hair in frustration. \"Stupid…\" \"Well that's not very nice!\" Linda said, suddenly appearing behind him and crushing him in a hug, laughing. \"I'd never call YOU stupid.\" \"Heh…\" Ash said, forcedly. \"Linda, listen,\" he began, standing and turning to face her, taking her hands. \"That was my mom on the phone. Apparently her and my father sent Cheryl to visit me earlier today… She's at my dorm right now I guess.\" Linda tilted her head. \"You didn't tell me?\" \"I didn't know.\" He said, shrugging. \"She's insisting that I take Cheryl along, and I might just have to.\" Linda frowned. \"Well I was hoping it would just be us…\" \"Scotty and Shelly will be there though.\" Ash reminded her. \"Yeah, but those two are our friends, Cheryl is your sister, its going to be a little awkward.\" \"Well if you're uncomfortable-\" Ash started to say, hoping to have an excuse to tell Cheryl. \"-but! I understand you want to be a good brother.\" Linda said, smiling and kissing him on the cheek. \"And I love you for it.\" \"Yeah… a good big brother…\" Ash said, his shoulders drooping a bit. \"That's me.\" ... The 1973 Delta 88 Oldsmobile groaned in protest a bit as it rolled up onto the slightly inclined parking space and Ash put the brake on. The car was old, and seemed to be in crappy condition, never starting quick, the windows didn't roll down properly, but nothing ever actually broke down on it. The engine always responded (when it felt like it, but it always responded nonetheless), the A/C was always cold, and the heater was always hot, so Ash never complained. In fact, \"The Classic\" as he dubbed it, was where Ash had \"become a man\", so it naturally held a special place in the guy's heart. Ash wasn't thinking about any of this though, he sighed, and climbed out of the car, waving to the short, skinny girl up by the entrance to the dorm, sitting on a bench next to a duffel bag. Cheryl waved back, standing up. She was wearing a dark-colored dress and had her hair long, but pulled back in a bandana. She was a few years younger than Ash was, and looked nothing like him, more resembling their mother, whereas Ash looked like their father. She was slender-faced and attractive, but she was currently in her \"artsy\" phase though. Ash could see this as he approached her and saw that sketchbook still firmly clutched under her arm. \"Hey sis.\" He said, hugging her. \"Hey Ashley.\" She said, making him cringe again. \"Sorry mom made me spoil your getaway.\" \"Hey, no worries, kiddo.\" Ash said, lightly patting her on the shoulder. \"I'm happy to help you get outta that house for a little while.\" \"Well, you do kinda owe me anyways… Its your fault I couldn't go AWAY for college.\" \"Hey, I didn't ask them to pay for my school.\" Ash said, frowning. She rolled her eyes, fake punching him. \"No big. I'll deal.\" She said, heading to the car to say hello to Linda. Ash meanwhile was heading upstairs, unbuttoning the powder-blue S-Mart smock he was forced to wear, unclipping the nametag as he entered his dormitory. His roommate was out for the day it seemed, which suited Ash just fine, now he wouldn't have to hear the guy bitch about Ash's Engineering projects laying about. He had a fondness for fiddling with old engine pieces and had a knack for fixing broken ones. Ash tossed the S-Mart smock over his desk chair and quickly pulled off his necktie, tossing it aside as well. He opted against dirtying up another shirt, so he simply kept the blue button-down collared shirt he was wearing, but decided to kick off the black slacks from work, in favor of some brown dickies pants. After all, they were going up into the woods, right? The last thing he made sure to bring was the small blue box he'd gotten for Linda at the jewelry store a week prior. Once again hoping she'd like it, he pocketed the item, and headed out. ... An hour later, Scotty and Shelly piled into the car with them. Scott was a little shorter than Ash, with blonde hair. He dressed a lot more 'trendy' than Ash did, having grown into a bit more of a preppy guy than his dark-haired friend. Scott also fancied himself a sports star, even though he spent most of his High School football years on the bench pretending he was important. Scotty had been Ash's friend since they were kids, but Ash was never quite sure why. He was bossy and pig-headed, but for some reason, they got along so well, and Ash would trust the guy with his life if he had to. Loyal friends were hard to come by these days, so they both appreciated the backup when necessary. \"Kinda full in here…\" Scott said, obviously referring to Cheryl. \"Sorry.\" Cheryl mumbled. \"Don't apologize.\" Ash said. \"It's no trouble at all, sis.\" Ash then shot Scott a dirty look, and started the car up, heading South. \"So what's this place like?\" Shelly asked from the back as they got onto the expressway.. She was a short, big-breasted girl with long, curly black hair, light green eyes and pouting lips. Shelly and Scott had only been dating a few weeks, but it was clear that the two weren't together because their personalities matched up so well. \"It's a little run-down, but its right up in the mountains.\" Ash offered as he navigated through the steadily thinning Michigan traffic. \"Best part is, we're getting it so cheap.\" \"Yeah, why ARE we getting it so cheap?\" Shelly asked. \"Well, it might not be in that good of shape.\" Scotty offered. \"You mean nobody has seen this place yet?\" Shelly asked. \"It might not be so bad.\" Ash offered. Linda shook her head in agreement. \"Nah.\" \"I mean, its probably well-cared for.\" Linda nodded, over-enthusiastically. \"Yeah.\" Ash smiled. This was a bit that Linda did sometimes when she was playing \"blindly supporting girlfriend\". \"Actually it might be kinda nice.\" She nodded again, just as falsely. \"Yeah.\" The drive was quiet for a bit of time after that. Ash got them off the interstate, heading towards the Wisconsin border. Their destination was still in Michigan, but deep out in the woods, which meant nobody would be around to bother them. ... The small pond was filled with branches, leaves, and even an old car long-abandoned and rotted by time and the elements. The thing in the woods glided across the surface of the water, not touching it, but the water was still disturbed by its presence. In truth, the thing that floated there wasn't actually there, it existed on a different plane than that of the pond, but the mere IDEA of the thing disturbed the water enough to make it move away from it's presence. It was unnatural, and dangerous, and even water, an un-living element of the Earth, knew this. The thing continued to glide, past the old car, which seemed to creak and groan a bit, almost as though it was trying to move away from it as well, and then it made its way up the bank of the pond, over a hill nearby it. The thing sensed something different coming, something… attractive to it. It had been months now since anything had even held its attention. The locals stayed away from the area around the cabin, they knew better by now, and the cabin certainly hadn't been inhabited… Now though, it could smell the sweet smell of fresh souls approaching. Young, sinfully thinking souls to swallow whole… ... \"Hey Ash, where are we, anyway?\" Scotty asked from the driver's seat. Ash had been on his feet for 8 hours that day, so he switched with Scotty when they stopped for gas, before making their way up the mountain roads towards their final destination. \"Well, we're a few hundred miles north of the border…\" Ash said, tracing his finger along the map now in his lap. \"Which would put us…\" Scotty waited, but Ash didn't reply. \"Yeah?\" He asked, turning to look over his shoulder at Ash and the map. \"Which would put us…\" He mumbled, trying to figure it out. ... The thing in the woods raced, excited. If it had a physical form of any sort that had some kind of mouth, it would have watered. It came up over the top of the hill and looked down, spotting the dark mustard-colored vehicle rounding the bend on the road down below. It also knew a truck was coming the other direction, the driver not paying attention to the juicy souls of the ones in the car. It wanted them. ... \"Which would put us right…\" Ash continued, poking the map firmly. \"Here.\" He declared, indicating a spot. Suddenly, the wheel jerked out of Scotty's grip, veering them into the left lane of the small mountain road, right into the path of an oncoming tow truck. 'HONK! HONK HONK!' was what snapped Scotty's attention back to the road and he gripped the wheel again, trying to get out of the way, but the wheel was stuck fast. \"TURN!\" Ash shouted, and Shelly screamed in the passenger seat in terror as the truck drew nearer, slamming on its brakes, but it wouldn't have nearly enough time to stop. Just as suddenly though, Scotty managed to wrench the wheel to the right, screeching the old car back into the right place and to safety. For a time, the car just drove in silence as the passengers all tried to catch their breath and stifle the vomit. \"What the hell are you doing, tryin' to kill us!\" Ash demanded. \"It's not my fault, its this damn car of yours, the damn wheel just jerked right outta my hand!\" \"I don't get it, I just had this thing in for a tune-up yesterday and they said they'd go over everything.\" Ash said, looking over Scotty at the wheel to see if there was visible damage. \"Well you better take it back, because the damn thing don't work! All that DOES work is this lousy horn!\" He shouted angrily, pounding on it and holding it down. As they passed by a couple fishermen walking down the road, the horn continued to honk, so the men stopped and waved, big stupid-looking smiles on their faces. \"Ah go to hell, I'm not honkin' at you!\" Scotty shouted back at them out the window. Another moment of silence followed, then Scotty chuckled. \"Jesus Christ…\" He said through a burst of small laughter. Then a few seconds later the others broke out into nervous laughing as well, except for Cheryl, who just brooded in the corner of the back seat.[Chapter 2] CHAPTER TWO \"The Cabin\" The road up to the cabin began even off the road from the mountain roads. It split off and passed deep into the woods, almost as though it was another world. Somehow it felt like the group hadn't heard any airplanes, or animal noises, or even the wind. The road curved up and around the mountain, finally coming to a deep ravine with a rushing river far down below it. As the Oldsmobile slowly crept up to the bridge and came to a halt, Scotty leaned out the window, eyeing the bridge uneasily. \"You sure this thing wont just collapse?\" He asked. The girls all shared a look. \"Don't worry, lets go Scotty.\" Ash said, nudging the seat. Slowly, the car started moving forward and the bridge, which was thick wooden planks across the iron skeleton structure. The sides raised up and over the length of the gap in an arch shape like half a wagon wheel. Immediately when the wheels touched the wooden planks, the entire structure began to squeal and groan in protest. \"Jesus, the whole thing is coming apart on us!\" Shelly shouted. Ash patted her on the shoulder. \"Don't let the noises fool ya girls.\" He said, sounding very sure of himself. \"This thing's as solid as a rock.\" 'KER-ACK!' was the loud sound they heard and the front right corner of the car jolted downward and everyone jumped, clutched anything they could to brace themselves for their assured death-drop to come. Ash opened the door to see what had happened, but as soon as he looked down, he froze. He could see the water far down below through a large hole in the bridge planks just to the left of the car. He quickly slammed the door shut again, Scotty hit the gas and the car lurched out of the bridge's plank-hole and bounced forward off the hazardous bridge. As they cleared it, Scotty pointed out the window at a sign that said \"Warning: Dangerous Bridge, use at your own risk\". \"Well, that could've been useful on the other side…\" Ash mumbled as the car rolled on down the tree-covered dirt road that made up the final stretch before their destination. The woods were eerily silent as the car's engine growled along, lonely and seeming to echo amongst the trees, barren and twisted on either side of the road as the long, winding dirt road went on. Finally, the tree-line parted, and there ahead, was the cabin at last. Scotty pulled up and parked slightly to the left of the cabin's face, turning off the car. They all stared at it, all felt the exact same sensation of unease and an almost primal urging from within themselves to leave right then and there… but evolution got in the way and threw logic at them, logic that the bridge incident has just put them on edge, that their minds were only playing tricks on them. The cabin itself was very unassuming to look at, with its low roof that was at an angle as it came from the top to the front porch overhang. The front of the cabin had two steps that went up to the porch, where a small wooden bench swing hung to the right of the door, which was in the center of the cabin's face. On either side of it, there were large knee-to-head length windows, both with closing wooden shutters that were currently closed. The rest of the cabin couldn't be seen very well, as it stretched straight back from the small face of the structure rather than spread out around it. Scotty slowly got out of the car, making his way up the steps and towards the door. As he did, the steady 'bump… bump… bump…' of the porch swing swaying in the breeze, knocking into the front windowsill steadily. Scott slowly reached for the top of the frame. He felt the keyring there, and pulled it down. Just as he did, the bench stopped swaying. He looked at it a moment, his a shudder going up his back for some reason. \"It uh… It's supposed to be one of these on here.\" He said, glancing at the others, then turning back to the front door, looking at the bench once more. The lock clicked open as Scott turned the key and he slowly made his way inside. There was an atmosphere of damp, dusty air that the light from the fading sun behind him illuminated, making it look like an old photograph inside. The main room was very large, taking up the entire width of the house itself. There were two more windows on both the left and right sides of the cabin, an old stone fireplace between the windows on the left with a moose head hanging above it, and a couch between the windows on the left-hand wall between those windows. There were three doors in the main room, one straight ahead of the front door, which led down the main hallway, another to the left of that which led into a bedroom, and another to the far left of that one which led to another bedroom. To the right of the hallway door was a desk with a bookshelf next to it, and between the doors on the left sat another bookshelf, both packed with what looked like history books. Out by the car, Ash, Linda and Shelly began unloading the trunk, with the girls tossing stuff from the trunk to Ash, where he placed it on the ground behind him, all the while yelling \"hey!\" like they worked at a Hibachi restaurant. Scotty on the other hand was still exploring. The kitchen was small, but had a little window cut into the wall to the right of the hallway door that looked out into the main room of the cabin, and the hall led Scotty down to the back door, which he opened and spotted another small shed. Curiosity piqued, Scott headed for it. Opening the door, he found it to be a little work shed, still full of tools. He was curious as to why nobody had stolen them all the way out here, but his attention then drifted to the strange little animal skulls hanging from strings on the rafters. Scott found himself a bit unnerved, especially since he'd seen something similar in a flick he saw recently… He put it out of his mind though, absently spinning the handle of the vice clamp on the workbench, poking at the various tools like shovels and pick-axes, and pausing to briefly admire the red chainsaw hanging from two hooks over the bench. ... That night, as the group made dinner, Cheryl of course decided she'd rather sit aside with her sketchbook. She stared at the clock on the wall, the pendulum swinging back and forth, emitting a soothing 'click clock click clock click clock' as she worked. Suddenly though, the pendulum simply stopped swinging, freezing to one side, as the clock tolled midnight. A shiver ran up her spine and she stared at the clock a moment, but then, her hand started to twitch uncontrollably. She looked down at it, at first thinking it was just her shiver, but then she felt her hand grip the pencil in her hand so hard it broke the top portion off. The eraser end tumbled to the floor, but she had the graphite side in a death clutch. She gasped in fear, worried she might be having a seizure or something, and then her hand started to move across the paper, totally under its own influence! Cheryl groaned in pain as she tried to fight for control of her limb, but it just kept going, drawing a rectangular shape across the sheet. As it drew, she began to panic, cold sweat beading from her brow and she tried to call out for help, but nothing came out. Finally, as the shape seemed to be finished, her hand pushed the pencil so hard it tore the paper a bit, and her hand was suddenly free. She tossed the pencil and sketchbook aside in horror, kicking the chair backwards out from under her and pressing her back against the wall by the fireplace, bumping the mirror hanging on the wall there. She looked around, panting and almost crying from fear. When nothing happened for a moment, she slowly walked over, picking up the sketchpad from the floor. What the hell had she drawn? On the paper was a crude three dimensional drawing of what looked like a box… no, a book, and it had some kind of horrible open-mouthed frown on the cover. Cheryl had never seen anything like it before, and had no idea what it was supposed to be. Before she could think any more about it though, a dull 'thud!' sound made her jump. She heard metal rattling and looked past the sketchbook, at the corner of the cabin where the couch sat against the wall and the clock hung above it. She made her way over to the couch and pushed, sliding it aside to reveal a section of the floor was actually a cellar door, with a large iron handle attached, like a dungeon door almost. Mounted to the cellar door were chains and a lock which hung open, which explained the source of the metallic sound, but Cheryl had no idea why it had made the sound- The door suddenly jolted. Cheryl jumped again, a little squeak of fear escaping her throat before she clamped a hand over her mouth. She decided not to mess with the door, and instead slid the couch back over it, making sure the leg pressed down on top of the door to keep it pinned. As she backed away, half-expecting some monster to burst up from below, a hand touched her arm and she screamed, spinning and almost throwing a punch, but stopping short when she saw it was Scotty. \"Woah! Take it easy!\" He shouted, holding his hands up in defense. \"Scotty!\" She exclaimed, surprised. She looked back at the couch, which hadn't moved, and decided that he probably wouldn't take her seriously… and in all likelihood would probably just make fun of her anyways if she said anything. Not to mention the fact that she wasn't sure anymore if the first part had even HAPPENED… Maybe she was going insane. \"Cheryl, what's with you?\" Scotty asked. \"I was just gonna tell you dinner is ready.\" \"Nothing. It's fine.\" She said, then headed to the kitchen. ... Soon after the announcement of dinner was made, the group had gathered at the table to celebrate the start of their spring break. Ash in particular found himself thrilled, as this was a new and exciting thing for him. He'd never been away from home for an extended period of time on his own, he'd also never been off with his friends to do nothing except party either, and of course, he'd never had this much alone time with Linda until now. \"I uh…\" Ash began, standing and raising his Dixie cup full of wine. \"I'd like very much to propose a toast to all this evening.\" He said, and Linda smiled at him, also raising her cup. The others followed suit. \"As a Greek friend of mine once said…\" Ash tried continuing, but suddenly couldn't really remember what the friend had said… He'd never been a good public speaker. \"Nis-nis… Tu… Uh… Tu Tu Tarin!\" He said, probably horribly butchering the phrase, but he knew that as nobody at the table spoke Greek, it wouldn't be called out. \"Which means?\" Shelly asked. \"Party down!\" Scott said, laughing and chugging the full amount of his cup. The others laughed as well, drinking their cups. Ash looked across the table at Cheryl, feeling a twang of guilt for not having even thought of her much since they arrived. At the moment though she seemed to be enjoying herself. At least, enjoying herself as much as his little sister was CAPABLE of. Suddenly, a loud 'BANG!' came from the living room, followed by a dull 'Thud!' of wood on wood. The group all jumped, Shelly spitting her drink in surprise and covering her mouth right after in a vein attempt to stop it from spilling on her shirt. \"Shit, red stains!\" She said. The others all jumped up and rushed into the living room, surrounding the over-turned couch, which was no longer covering up the cellar door… Which was now wide open. \"What is this?\" Ash asked, frowning. \"A fruit cellar or something.\" Scotty said, motioning to the top of the front door. \"Must be what the extra key on the key ring is for.\" \"Lets just close it up\" Cheryl insisted. \"It was probably just some animal.\" \"An animal?\" Scotty asked. \"An animal?\" He repeated in shock, then burst out laughing. \"That is the stupidest thing I've ever heard, Jesus Christ…\" He said, trailing off into a chuckle. \"Well there's something down there.\" Shelly offered, no longer worrying about the stain on her shirt. \"Yeah you're probably right.\" Scotty said, then tapped Cheryl with his pocket flashlight. \"Here Cheryl, why don't you go check it out?\" He said, smirking. She swatted his hand away. \"Forget it Scotty, I'm not going down there!\" \"Alright, alright you cowards, I'll go.\" He said, shaking his head. He turned on the light and started making his way down the stairs, carefully ducking his head down to make sure he didn't hit it on the low-clearance of the cellar door frame. Ash watched Scotty disappear into the darkness of the cellar and after a moment of silence, he started getting antsy. \"Hey, Scotty you find anything?\" He called down. No reply. \"Scotty?\" He repeated, getting down on his hands and knees by the edge. The girls behind him started getting nervous, looking at each other. \"Scotty!\" Ash shouted, thinking maybe his friend just hadn't heard him. \"That's it, I'm going down.\" \"That was the only flashlight we brought.\" Linda reminded him. \"Then uh… Gimme the lantern.\" Ash said, pointing to the propane lamp on the desk by the kitchen window. Linda went over and grabbed it, passing it to Ash. \"Be careful.\" She said, touching his shoulder. Ash headed down into the darkness below to look for Scott. He got a sense that the cellar was almost as big as the cabin itself, maybe even a bit bigger, as there was loud echoes of his feet on the steps. He looked down to find dirt floor below him, and as he took a few steps, peered through the darkness to see that the walls were made of square stones, the same kind that the fireplace upstairs was made from. Ash looked around for his friend, and heard a noise to his left. He turned, peering through the dim light that the lamp gave off and spotting a door just past some gourds that had been hollowed-out and hung from the ceiling like weird Christmas ornaments. Ash pushed past them, heading for the door. \"Scotty?\" He asked, trying to mask the fear in his voice. Ash hated Cellars, he'd always been afraid of the one at his Uncle's cabin, and never wanted to go in there. This one was worse by-far. It was full of weird hanging gourds, random junk laying around, a projector sitting in the middle of the room facing a tattered old screen, and a creepy rotted old wood door with a dungeon handle like the cellar door upstairs had been. He reached for the handle, gripping the cold steel of it and lifting, turning it to unlatch the door. It slowly opened with a bit of force, and a loud 'creeeeeeeeeak' sound echoed through the basement. Ash took another look over his shoulder, paranoid that he was being watched, then headed inside. The side room was even darker than the main room since the light from upstairs wasn't getting in. He slowly made his way in, watching the floor for any potential obstacles, also feeling along the wall for a light switch of some kind. \"BOO!\" A voice shouted from right in front of him. Ash jolted back and almost fell right on his rear. He'd been looking at the floor, so he hadn't seen Scotty standing right there. Scott of course began to laugh his ass off, and Ash couldn't help but laugh too. \"The hell are you doing down here?\" Ash chuckled. \"Look at this stuff.\" He said, leading Ash over to a desk in the corner. He flipped on a small goose-neck lamp sitting on top of it, illuminating a few items on the desk. A tape recorder, a strange looking book, and a wicked, ancient looking dagger. \"Jesus, look at this…\" Ash said, picking up the book, which felt gross to touch. The front cover was some kind of pale, flesh-toned leather, strangely shaped into a gruesome open-mouthed frown. The leather binding of it seemed to be too… spongy, and almost smelled like a sweaty guy. He flipped it open and inside there was page after page of strange symbols and macabre drawings, depicting severed heads with blank, white eyeballs, creatures with snake tails, humanoid bodies, but with wings sprouted from their sides like bats. Ash was fascinated and horrified at the same time. \"Check this out, a shotgun.\" Scotty said, breaching it open. Ash looked up, recognizing the brand from work, it was a double-barrel 12 gauge shotgun. \"Nice. Probably still shoots too.\" He said, then looked back down. \"Yeah probably does.\" Scotty said, then Ash jumped as two shotgun barrels drifted into his line of sight. Scotty laughed, and Ash did too. \"This thing is the best though.\" Scotty said, picking up the dagger. The handle looked like a human femur, with ribcage designs running up and down the sides of the grip, and a spine topped with an undersized skull, grinning from the base of the handle. \"Kinda looks like your high school girlfriend.\" Scptty commented with a chuckle. Unfortunately, Ash couldn't disagree. \"Come on, lets take this stuff up. I'll get the tape recorder, you get the rest.\" He said, lifting the large, double-spooled recorder up and carrying it towards the steps. Ash gazed down at the book a bit more, feeling an odd sensation as he looked at the grotesque cover, almost like it had a face, and it was looking at him with familiarity. What made it worse, was that he felt like he'd seen it before too…[Chapter 3] CHAPTER THREE \"Book of the Dead\" Cheryl sat among the circle of friends, who were all joking and laughing about one thing or another. They'd all set aside the stuff from the cellar, the gun, the recorder, that scary dagger, and the thing that currently had Cheryl chewing her nails in fear… The book. She couldn't help but think that it was the exact same book from her drawing. She knew that was impossible, but somehow… She couldn't shake the feeling. She hoped that the others would just ignore it, and it would sit in the corner for the rest of the time. She just didn't think messing around with some weird book in a foreign language was a good idea… \"Hey guys, look.\" Ash said, sliding the recorder to the middle of the group. \"This is the recorder that was in the basement, wanna listen?\" He asked. The others all nodded in approval, even Cheryl, desperate for a distraction from thinking about the book. Ash snapped the play button on and the spools began to turn slowly, the recorder making a dull humming sound as it started to play. \"This is professor Raymond Knowby, Department of Ancient History, Log Entry number 2. I've made a significant find in the Castle of Candaar, after journeying there with my wife Henrietta, my daughter Annie and associate professor Ed Helmsly, it was in the rear chamber of the castle that I stumbled upon something remarkable… Necronomicon Ex Mortis, roughly translated: Book of the Dead.\" The voice over the recorder said. Cheryl immediately regretted them finding the tape at all, something about all this stuff just made her want to run and hide, more than usual. \"The book is bound in human flesh, inked in human blood, and contains ancient burial rites and funerary incantations. The book also speaks of a spiritual presence, a thing of Evil, that roams the forests and dark bowers of man's domain. It tells that these spirits may lie dormant, but are never truly dead. It is through the recitation of the book's passages that this spirit is recalled to active life and given license to possess the living.\" Cheryl had had enough, so she flipped the recorder off. \"Hey, what gives? It was just getting good!\" Scotty said. Shelly snuggled up closer to him, showing why Scott ACTUALLY wanted to play the creepy tape that scared the girls. \"I just don't wanna hear any more…\" Cheryl said, turning away from him and Shelly. \"Ooooooooh\" Scotty said, wiggling his fingers at her. \"So spookyyyyy!\" \"Shut up, Scotty.\" Cheryl said, irritated. \"Ah come on,\" Scott said, waving a dismissive hand at her and reaching for the tape recorder. \"I just wanna hear the rest of it.\" He pressed the play button again and the tape continued on. \"Recorded here are the phonetic pronunciations of the passages:\" Knowby's voice continued. \"Candaar, Estrata, Demontos Candaar, Nosferatus Candaar.\" Cheryl's hair stood up on the back of her neck as the words were spoken, and although none of the others would have admitted it, so did their's. \"Shut it off…\" She murmured in a frightened tone. ... Sudden energy flowed through the forest, nearby the cabin, red light flowed up from below the piles of leaves, and fog billowed from the opening crevice. The thing in the woods could not feel joy, but if it did… It would have felt it now. The words echoed through its consciousness, giving it new life with each passing moment of the incantation. ... \"Shut. it. off.\" Cheryl repeated, more agitated now, but the others were so enthralled by the bizarre recording that they ignored her. \"Samanrobara hishikento, Amantos Candaar.\" Knowby continued. ... Outside, the thing in the woods surged, rushing towards the cabin now, its life force renewed and ready to do what it was created to do… \"Candaar…\" Knowby's voice said, now echoing. ... \"Shut it off.\" Cheryl said, on the verge of panic. \"CANDAAR!\" the professor repeated, almost as though the tape was mocking her now. Finally, Cheryl couldn't stand it any longer, she stood up, covering her ears tightly to block out the horrible sounds coming from it. \"SHUT IT OFF!\" She screamed in terror. Suddenly behind her, the window shattered and something came flying into the room. She screamed in sheer terror and sprinted down the hallway to her room, slamming the door and locking it. \"Cheryl, wait! It was just-\" Linda trailed off, looking at Ash and Scotty as went over to look at the tree branch that had just broken off and fallen into the window to the left of the fireplace where they'd been sitting. \"I'd better go check on her.\" Ash nodded to Linda, then turned to Scott. \"What's the matter with you, you didn't have to play that. You knew it was upsetting her!\" \"What'd I do? I just was having a little fun. I didn't see YOU turning it off.\" He retorted. \"You just don't know when you're taking something too far!\" Ash said, lifting the tree branch and shoving it back outside. \"Ah whatever, she's just nuts.\" Scotty said, waving his hand dismissively. Ash shook his head, sighing. This was definitely not the way he'd hoped his spring break would be going. Linda was preoccupied taking care of his overreacting sister, and his best friend was being a drunken fool. Scotty walked off to rejoin Shelly by the fireplace, and Ash looked down at the tape recorder. \"Bound in human flesh\" he repeated, wiping his hands absently on his pants at the thought that he'd touched the book. Outside, he heard the distant sounds of thunder. ... After awhile, Scotty and Shelly headed into the bedroom, leaving Ash in the main room of the cabin by himself. As his hand touched his pocket, he felt the shape of the blue box still there. Just as he did, the door opened again and Linda came back into the main room. \"Hey, Cheryl's fine now, I got her calmed down.\" \"That's good.\" Ash said, smiling at her. \"Listen, you wanna stay up and listen to the storm a bit?\" \"Sure.\" She said, smiling back at him lovingly. The two of them headed over to the couch and snuggled up with one-another. Ash took her by the hand and they sat there for a time, just listening to the thunder, which Ash couldn't tell if it was getting closer or just in the distance. Either way, his efforts were focused elsewhere. He slowly and carefully pulled the blue box from his pocket and held it loosely in his hand, which rested on his thigh on the opposite side of Linda, but clearly visible. He then shut his eyes and pretended to sleep. After a moment, Linda spotted the box and looked at him, making a knowing smile as she slowly reached for the box, watching his eyes. As her hand drew nearer, she looked down at it and Ash opened his eyes all the way. \"Hey. Stealing from the blind, eh?\" She smiled. \"What's that?\" \"Here. See for yourself…\" He said, grinning and passing it to her. She excitedly opened the box up, revealing a small, magnifying lens style round glass encased in a silver frame and on a silver chain. She picked it up and looked at it. \"Oh Ash. It's… Beautiful.\" She said, smiling. Ash of course had no idea that this was a horribly ugly and tacky piece of jewelry, it had looked like a great piece in the jewelry department at S-Mart. \"So what do you think, kiddo?\" He asked, his arm around her shoulder. Linda looked at him lovingly, even if he had terrible taste, he was still so sincere. \"I love it, Ash.\" \"Well what do you say we have some Champaign, eh baby?\" He asked, smirking and getting up to grab the bottle. \"After all, I'm a man and you're a woman… At least last time I checked.\" He added with a chuckle. Linda giggled too and kissed him deeply. ... Outside, the thing in the woods watched it all, and began its echoing cry for fresh souls. It drifted along the side of the cabin to the next window, which was the first bedroom, and inside was the other boy and his woman, undressing one-another for love making. The boy tugged at her shirt, removing it and his hands eagerly clasped over her bare breasts. She moaned at his touch, and the thing in the woods stirred… It had no sensations, and oftentimes enjoyed indulging them when it had the chance to take people. It watched intently as they fell onto the bed, and the female mounted her mate, the bed beneath them rocking with her movements. As the two feverishly attacked one-another, the thing in the woods decided it would do just that when the time came. It would get to these later though, as its senses had already locked onto the one it wanted first… It drifted along again, coming to the rear room window of the house, and there inside, now wearing a nightgown, was the lonely one… It knew it needed her. It watched as she picked up her sketchbook and looked at the drawing it had compelled her to make. \"Join us…\" Her head looked up. The thing in the woods would have laughed if it could, it had gotten inside her mind, now it just needed to invade her body…[Chapter 4] CHAPTER FOUR \"Mind, Body and Soul\" Cheryl got up, looking out the window for the source of the voice. She was SURE she'd heard it this time, no question about it like before at the cellar door… She got up and put on her robe, going out into the hallway and out the back door, looking around. The lights on the house only illuminated a few feet around the back door, she hesitantly stepped out onto the grass and leaves. \"Who's out there?\" She demanded. There was no answer, but she kept hearing the sounds, so she stepped out a bit further, going just to the edge of the light's reach. \"I know someone is out here!\" She shouted. \"I heard you, I heard you in the cellar!\" Her foot drifted forward, passing outside the range of the light and her body soon followed, she somehow felt the need to see what had been terrifying her so much that night… She just couldn't let it go. As she passed into the tree-line though, she felt a thin branch from the tree fall against her shoulder and it held fast. She pushed it away, but another one touched her a moment later, sending shivers up and down her whole body. The branches felt wrong, warm, almost like they were alive as they gripped her body on contact. Suddenly there were more, from every direction now as they wrapped around her arms and legs. She gasped and pulled back, trying to go back into the light of the cabin's lamp, but the branches suddenly pulled taught, yanking her forward again into the dark. She screamed in fear and tried to pull free once more, but the branches had her now, and they yanked her feet out from under her, pulling her arms up at the same time. She tried keeping herself covered, but the branches actually ripped the robe right off her torso, dragging it away as more moved in to pin her down. \"HELP ME SOMEONE!\" She screamed, but she knew nobody would hear her out here. The branches threaded their way around her arms and yanked them away, from her chest, tearing her nightgown in the process and exposing her breast. She screamed louder now. \"Please no! NO!\" She cried out. Then she felt it, the branches winding up around her legs, wrapping tightly around them and starting to pull. Her eyes went wide and she looked down, trying to keep her legs closed, but there were too many of the powerful branches, and they yanked her legs open, exposing her. Then another large, thick branch thrust out from the darkness and slide right between her thighs. She tried to scream, but it was too much for her to bare, the pain was overwhelming as the branch entered her, and she writhed around on the ground, her senses overwhelmed by what was happening. She moaned from the sheer helplessness she was experiencing, the fear hit her like a bucket of ice water in the face now, and the smallest, most miniscule part of her consciousness, feeling almost like an outside existence that had just now joined her and tapped into the repressed, wild corner of her being… Enjoyed it. She began to panic. Feeling a sudden burst of energy, she flung out her hand, grabbing hold of a tree root and pulling. She felt the branches around her legs begin to snap and come apart, and after using all her might, she managed to rip herself free and pull the branch out from inside her. The sensation almost made her throw up, but she forced herself to her feet and sprinted away. Cheryl screamed bloody murder and didn't even notice all the prickle bushes and thorns stabbing her and scratching her bare legs up, she just didn't want whatever it was back there to catch up to her again. Then there, ahead, she saw the front of the cabin, somehow she'd gone in a total circle. She ran for all she was worth, pumping her arms to get more speed. She reached the door and began pounding on it frantically, slapping her palms against the wood paneling and screamed at the top of her lungs. \"HELP! SOMEONE LET ME IN!\" She pleaded, but nobody came. She looked back, and didn't see, but FELT the thing out there coming closer. She pounded on the door harder now, panicking. Her eyes wide and darting. Then she remembered the key ring, and scrabbled up to the top of the door frame, which was a little out of her reach due to her height, so she stood as tall up on her tip-toes as he could, grabbing the ring and pulling… but it was stuck. ... The thing in the woods drew nearer, it had tasted her, but wanted more. Her terror was so delicious to it, and it hadn't tasted anything in so long that it was like a drug to it… The thing in the woods sped along after her, drawing nearer to the cabin with each passing second. ... The keys yanked free and toppled to the floor of the porch. Cheryl dropped down, snatching for them as she felt like she could feel the thing's breath on her back now. Then a hand shot out and grabbed hers. She looked up and saw her brother's concerned face. \"Ashley!\" She screamed and pushed into the cabin, slamming the door shut. \"Jesus, Cheryl what happened!\" Ash asked, grabbing her shoulders. \"Did something in the woods do this to you?\" He demanded. \"What's going on?\" Scotty asked, emerging from the bedroom with Shelly. Linda was standing there behind Ash, having followed him out when she heard Cheryl screaming. \"No! It was the woods themselves! The woods are alive, Ashley! They're ALIVE!\" She screamed, grabbing his shirt tightly, then began to break down crying, shoving her face into his chest. Ash didn't know what to do, his sister was weeping uncontrollably and she'd been ripped to shreds by something. \"Cheryl, maybe you should come lay down.\" Linda said, placing a comforting hand on her shoulder. \"I'm NOT lying down!\" She screeched at Linda, then turned to Ash. \"Please Ashley, take me back to town, I'm not staying here tonight!\" \"Wait, I sure as hell am not leaving anyplace tonight!\" Scotty insisted. \"Look, Cheryl,\" Ash said, trying to keep his voice calm to help her do the same. \"just think about how this sounds-\" \"I don't care how it sounds!\" She said. \"Are you gonna take me to town or not?\" Ash looked around at the others, then back at Cheryl. \"Sure, of course I will, just think about this on the way-\" He started, but she turned and went for her room before he could finish his sentence. ... Later, outside, Cheryl made her way to the car, now covered up by a heavy coat as Ash led her to the car carefully. He opened her door, putting her into the vehicle and then going around to get in as well. He looked at Linda, who was standing on the porch. \"I'll be back soon,\" He said. \"don't worry, she'll be fine.\" He shut the car door and put the key in the ignition, turning it. The car didn't turn over though. He frowned, the car hadn't ever done that before, it had always started up for him… So he tried again, letting it rev for longer this time, but it still wouldn't start up. \"You see? It's not gonna let us leave…\" Cheryl said to him, as though she was about to cry once more. Ash gave her a look like she was being crazy, then tried once more, and the car started right up like usual. The others looked on as Ash turned the car around and headed up the dark dirt road back towards the bridge. With the headlights only illuminating a few yards ahead of them, Ash took the road slow, and Cheryl shifted uneasily in her seat the whole way. Ash wasn't sure what had happened to her, but it was definitely more than what she was telling them, and with the way her clothes were torn off like that… Ash began to worry that he'd left his girlfriend up at the cabin with a rapist running around in the woods. Maybe he would talk to the cops in town just in case… Suddenly, up ahead the bridge sign caught his attention, but it was leaning to the side, and one of the supports was bent horribly out of shape. Ash stopped the car, frowning. \"What?\" Cheryl asked. \"What is it?\" She asked again, her eyes darting around in fear. Ash didn't reply, getting out of the car and heading forward, towards the bridge, slowly so he didn't step in any holes. He heard Cheryl behind him \"Where are you going?\" and was about to answer, when he saw it… ... Cheryl was on the verge of panic in the car. She was alone again, and Ashley wasn't responding. She buried her face in the coat, her legs pulled up to her chest, clamped firmly together. She felt a sickening sensation as she recalled the event with the trees… What disturbed her the most though, was the sensation from the back of her mind while it had been happening… She'd liked it. As small a part as it was, as alien as the idea felt to her then and now… It had still crossed her mind, and since it happened, that nagging feeling of enjoyment had grown into a twitchy craving… She was horrified with herself beyond recognition. She finally couldn't stand to be alone anymore and got out of the car, storming in Ashley's direction. She froze though as she saw what he'd seen; The Bridge supports were ripped out of position and bent up and towards the car like claws. Cheryl's eyes went wide and she stepped back in awe and horror at the implications. \"What the hell could've done this?\" Ashley asked, mostly to himself, as he hadn't even noticed Cheryl yet. \"Oh God no!\" Cheryl screamed, \"Its not gonna let us leave!\" Ash turned, trying to calm her, but she just started crying again and her legs seemed to give out, so he jumped forward, catching her. Her arms thrashed around uncontrollably as she continued to scream and cry. Ash looked once more at the bridge, holding Cheryl closely to comfort her. How the hell were they going to get out of here now? ... \"I know now that the book's passages are more than just superstitious writings…\" Knowby's voice said. \"I've seen the dark shapes moving in the woods, and I know that whatever I've unleashed unto this Earth is sure to soon come calling… For me.\" After the incident at the destroyed bridge, Ash and Cheryl had returned to the Cabin to tell the others. Since then, Cheryl had been sitting off by herself, staring out the window and Ash had just let her recover, knowing she'd come talk to him when the time was right for her. In the meantime though, that bridge had made him think about what Cheryl had said about the woods coming to life… That steel had been bent like rubber, not a feat easily done, so maybe there WAS something unnatural going on. \"I fear that the only way to stop those possessed by the book is through the act of bodily dismemberment.\" Knowby finished, a twang of disgust in his voice. Now, seated in the main room of the cabin, with Linda and Shelly trying to get Cheryl to come out of her shell and Scotty outside chopping wood, Ash was playing more of the tape, trying to figure out what was happening. Ash had a strange feeling that he and the professor were getting to understand one-another, even though to Ash, he was just a voice on a tape. Still though… He couldn't keep away the notion that the recordings were speaking right to him… Shelly and Linda meanwhile had a deck of cards, and at first had been playing rummy, but it had devolved now to Shelly making Linda think she was psychic by having her guess cards and telling her she was right each time. \"Two of… Clubs?\" Linda guessed. Shelly looked at the card, it was the Queen of Hearts. \"That's right!\" She shouted excitedly. \"Wow! Ash, I keep guessing the cards right!\" She exclaimed. \"Yeah, truly amazing, Linda…\" He replied, focusing on the headphones he was using for the recorder. \"I dunno, maybe its like extra telepathy or something, like ESP?\" Linda said, mostly to herself. \"Guess another one.\" Shelly said. \"Um…\" Linda began, touching the sides of her head. \"Queen of Spades…\" Cheryl mumbled off to the side. Shelly looked at it and frowned. \"Hey, that- that's right.\" She said, showing Linda. \"She has it too?\" Linda asked. Shelly flipped to another card. \"Four of hearts.\" Cheryl mumbled again, not even glancing in their direction. Right again. Shelly flipped it again. \"Eight of Spades.\" Shelly stopped flipping the cards and they looked over at Cheryl, concerned. \"Two of Spades, Jack of Diamonds, Jack of Clubs!\" She shouted, then spun around to face them, her bandaged face was now deathly pale, with an almost gray tone to her skin, and her eyes were blank, white spheres in her eye sockets and she growled at them viciously. The others all jumped up in surprise, including Ash, who hadn't heard the rest, but now saw her turn. Cheryl suddenly floated up off the ground, levitating above the floorboards, her arms contorting and her head lolling back and forth. \"Why have you disturbed our sleep, awakened us from our ancient slumber?\" Cheryl's mouth said, but her voice was distorted, deeper and sounded like there was more than one coming out of her. \"You will DIE!\" She screamed. \"Just like the others before you. One by one we will take you!\" As everyone shrank back against the wall, Scotty came walking in, still holding the axe from wood chopping, and recoiled from her in fear as well. Cheryl's head rolled around and a dull, wet groan came bubbling up from inside her throat as a light green liquid came dribbling from her lips. Then she toppled forward, knocking her art supplies from the windowsill and spilling them onto the floor. For a moment, nobody knew what to do, Ash could scarcely believe what he'd just seen happen, but he had to check on his sister… So he approached. Scotty and Ash slowly made their way over to where they lay on her back, eyes closed, not appearing to be breathing. Ash looked at the others and Linda approached too, just as concerned as he was. Suddenly, Cheryl shot up from the ground into a sitting position, raised one of the fallen pencils over her head and rammed it with all her might into Linda's ankle. Linda screeched with horror and agony as Cheryl twisted the writing instrument around in her foot, then ripped it out to stab her again. Ash was faster though, and grabbed Cheryl's wrist to stop it, but she simply back-handed Linda across the face, sending her tumbling backwards into the small lamp table by the door, where she fell to the ground unconscious. Cheryl then grabbed Ash by the throat and sent him flying clear across the room into the bookshelf by the bedroom doors. He hit the shelves hard and inadvertently pulled the shelving unit down on top of himself as he fell. From underneath the heavy shelves, Ash shook his head to clear the dizziness from it, and saw his sister approaching him, her dead, colorless eyes staring straight at him and she made dark, cackling sounds from her throat as she made her way towards him, her limbs moving in jolting, stiff motions. She raised the bloody pencil into the air again as she drew nearer, but Ash was helpless, pinned under the heavy furniture on top of him. Scotty rushed forward and grabbed Cheryl by the shoulders. \"Cheryl, what the hell are you doing!\" He demanded, trying to hold her in place, but she spun him around and shoved him forward, face-first into the hallway door. Just as Cheryl reached Ash and prepared to strike though, Scotty lunged forward, driving the handle of the Axe into Cheryl's stomach, shoving her away from Ash. She toppled backwards next to the open cellar door and tried to sit back up, but Scotty kicked her in the face, sending her rolling backwards down into the cellar, where she struck the steps. Scott didn't waste any time, he grabbed the open door and slammed it shut, but Cheryl's hands came up and shoved it back open, grabbing his legs and pulling them out from under him. \"JOIN US!\" She screamed, yanking on his feet. He struck out with the axe handle again though, striking her in the face and knocking her back against the steps, then hit her again to knock her down them. He slammed the door shut and jumped on top of it, quickly running the chain through the latches nailed into the floor and snapping the lock shut. Below, he could feel Cheryl pounding on the door above her, and even with his weight on top of it, he felt it jolt up with each hit. Finally though, she stopped, and all was quiet again.[Chapter 5] CHAPTER FIVE \"And then there were two\" Light pierced the dimly lit room as Ash entered quietly. He came over to the bed in the corner, where Linda was still unconscious, understandably so. He kneeled down next to the bed and took her hand, checking if she had a fever. She didn't have one, but her pulse was very sporadic. Ash fought back the urge to panic, and kissed her on the forehead. \"It'll be alright, Linda… I promise.\" He whispered, then got up and left, closing the door behind him. Out in the main room, Shelly and Scott were sitting on the floor by the fireplace, trying not to look over at the cellar door, which Cheryl was pushing up as far as the chains would allow, staring at them and making strange groaning sounds in her throat the entire time. Ash entered and Cheryl's gaze drifted to him, her hands coming up and gripping the chains holding the door closed too far for her to get out. \"What're we gonna do?\" Ash asked, crossing the room towards the others. \"We gotta get out of here.\" Scott said. \"It'll be light in a few hours, then we'll take the bridge and…\" He trailed off, realizing that wouldn't be possible. Cheryl started laughing, slow, steady and bubbling as strangely colored fluids ran from her mouth. Shelly couldn't take it anymore and turned around. \"Why does she keep making those horrible noises!\" \"I don't know!\" Ash shouted. \"Just leave her alone, she has to have time to get better!\" He said, then fell into a seated position on the couch. Ash knew he was just fooling himself, but he could see that Shelly's terror at the situation was forcing her to be ultra realistic now… \"Her eyes… Just look at her eyes…\" She said, tears falling down her cheeks now. \"For God's sake what happened to her EYES!\" She demanded, looking from one of them to the other for an answer, but nobody had one. Cheryl slowly retracted from the edge of the cellar door, letting it close and she sat on the steps. Laughing harder now. ... The thing in the woods' attention perked. It felt another one, and began racing toward the Cabin once more. It smelled the fear, the insanity brewing in their minds, but one in particular seemed to have a weaker will then the others now. The thing reached the cabin, gliding to the front room windows, and looked in. \"Join us.\" The dark-haired woman glanced over at the window where it lurked, and the thing in the woods got excited, that was the one. After a moment, her mate helped her to her feet from in front of the fireplace, leading her to the bedroom door. The thing watched the other for a moment longer, then followed its prey, gliding along the side of the cabin to look in through the bedroom window. There, her mate kissed her and she sat down on the bed as he left to go back to join the other male. The girl began to cry now, and it tasted delicious to the thing in the woods. \"Join us.\" Her head raised and she got up, slowly moving towards the window, peering out to find the source of the sound… It knew she couldn't see it, but she could feel it, which is exactly what the thing in the woods wanted… It moved forward, forcefully directing its energies and she backed away in sweet, delectable fear. The thing roared with anticipation and the window glass shattered, knocking the very frame of the window in. The woman covered herself in terror, and a vain attempt to shield herself from it. ... Scotty jumped to his feet, looking towards the bedroom. That scream was Shelly, and the breaking glass… He grabbed the buck knife from the kitchen counter and rushed to the bedroom door. Scott flung it open to find the window shattered inward, and Shelly nowhere to be found, he rushed over to the window, looking out, but only fog and darkness greeted him. He looked down, not seeing any blood, which meant she hadn't gone over the glass and out the window. \"Sh-Shelly?\" Scott murmured, heading for the bathroom door, opposite the one he'd entered. Scotty's blood was ice cold now, as he couldn't even comprehend an idea of Shelly being dead too now. Glass crunched underfoot as he reached the door and opened it, sticking the knife into his belt to free up his hand. He flung the door wide, but nothing was in the bathroom. He poked his head in, checking the corners, but again, nothing was in sight. That was when the closet door of the bedroom creaked, and Scotty froze. How had he been so stupid? The bedroom door in the main room burst open and Ash jumped up, cowering against the wall as Scotty and Shelly came rushing out, Shelly latched onto Scott's back and clawing at his head. Scott spun around, making Shelly lose her grip and topple to the floor, but she slid too far and her head fell right into the roaring fire in the fireplace. Scott and Ash looked on in horror as Shelly's head ignited like dry leaves, and the smell almost made them vomit, but worst of all… She was still talking. \"NO! No not in the fire! NO!\" She screamed, and it sounded like Shelly, but it also sounded like Cheryl, and countless other voices came from her too. Scott couldn't stand it anymore, what if she wasn't like Cheryl? What if she'd just panicked and thought HE was turned too? He ran forward and pulled her from the fireplace quickly. \"Thank you!\" Shelly said, suddenly sitting up and touching his arms. The flesh peeled freely from her scolded face, blood and puss ran down from her eyeballs, which were the same blank white that Cheryl's had been. \"I don't know what I would have done if I'd remained on those hot coals… Burning my pretty flesh…\" She said, her voice warping even more now. \"You have pretty skin… GIVE IT TO US!\" She grabbed Scott's face, digging her nails into the sides of his head and clawing, literally trying to rip his face off. Ash rushed forward and shoved her off him, but she shot up to her feet immediately after and back-handed Ash in the face, knocking him into the wall, and into unconsciousness. She then returned her attention to Scotty, dragging him to the fireplace and trying to force HIS head inside. He resisted, so Shelly picked up the dagger from the pile of stuff they'd brought up from the cellar and tried to stab him instead. Scott was fast though, and grabbed her by the wrist, forcing the knife back upward. Scott knew she was somehow stronger, so he had to act fast, pulling the buck knife from his belt and raising it to the wrist of the hand holding the knife. He began slicing through it like a slab of meat and she screamed in agony as he did. He rammed it harder, feeling the bone crack. She shoved Scotty away and he watched in horror as she looked at her useless appendage, then began chewing it the rest of the way off like a wounded animal. It plopped to the floor in a dead heap, still clutching the knife. Ash was beginning to come around now, and saw what was happening. He pushed himself up, going for the Axe by the door that Scott had been using to chop wood. Scott couldn't take it anymore though, he grabbed Shelly's hand with the dagger still held in it, and reached around, sticking it right into the small of her back. She let out a loud, long, horrific screeching sound that made both Ash and Scotty's ears hurt. She slowly fell backwards onto the dagger, forcing it deeper and deeper into her body as her weight leaned into it. The tip of the knife emerged from between her breasts and she grabbed it, trying to stop herself, but it didn't work, she fell all the way on top of it, and began thrashing around, spewing multi-colored fluids from her nose, mouth, eyes, ears, and even the stump where her hand had been. Scott looked on in horror and rejoined Ash by the front door, Ash clutched the Axe to himself like a security blanket. After a moment, Shelly finally fell silent and still on the floor, amidst the horrible puddle of fluids she'd spewed. \"Y-You gotta chop her up…\" Ash said, remembering Knowby's words and passing the Axe to Scott. \"Only way…\" \"She's dead already, Ash…\" Scott said, not wanting to believe what his friend had just uttered. That is, until he saw Shelly's eyes open again and her hand started to move. Before he even knew what he was doing, he snatched the Axe from Ash and reared it back, screaming in fury and fear as he slammed the Axe down, hacking right through her neck. He brought it back up again and swung, this time taking off her hand, then hitting the shoulder, and so on, until he couldn't lift the Axe for one single swing more. He was panting now, sweat covered his face and he stumbled away from the pile of body parts that had been Shelly. He dropped the Axe and looked down at his hands, seeing blood. No fluids, or strange substances, just her blood… \"What're we gonna do, Scotty?\" Ash asked, terrified beyond the possibility of rational thought. Scott shook his head, not knowing. Then, through the fog of confusion, fear, and exhaustion, a thought came. He wasn't sure why, but it did nonetheless. \"We're gonna bury her.\" Ash looked at him incredulously, the craziness of it had been enough to tear his eyes away from the sight of Shelly. \"We… We can't bury Shelly, she's a friend of ours.\"\"Ash she's dead!\" Scotty said, angry at first, but then his shoulders drooped and his tone did too. \"Shelly's dead… and we're gonna bury her now.\" For a moment neither man said anything, then Ash nodded. \"Okay.\" Was all he could muster, so he and Scott headed to the workshed out back to get some shovels.[Chapter 6] CHAPTER SIX \"Abandoned\" It took them almost three hours to gather up Shelly's parts, carry them outside in a sheet from one of the beds, and dig her grave. Finally though, Scott tossed the last pile of dirt onto the heap and Ash stuck the makeshift cross into the head of the pile. They stood there a moment, thinking over what they'd just done, and praying that Shelly could have some kind of peace now. A few minutes later they trudged back inside the cabin, tossing the axe and shovels into the corner. The cellar door popped open and Cheryl looked out at them, laughing once again. \"Not many left now…\" She said, then cackled even louder. Ash rushed to the door and drove his foot down on top of the door, slamming it shut. He could still hear Cheryl laughing down below. 'No, not Cheryl' he thought to himself, 'I cant keep thinking of it as my sister, because its just not her anymore'. \"Daylight isn't coming.\" Scotty said, looking out the window. \"Sun should've at least STARTED coming up by now, but the clock stopped at 2am, and its been at least 5 hours since then… Something is stopping time here.\" \"How could you possibly know that?\" Ash asked, but felt himself worrying that it made sense. \"Look Ash, I'm getting' outta here.\" He said finally. \"Scotty, Linda cannot walk with her leg like that, she can't even stand up!\" Ash insisted. \"Well then we'll leave her here. Until we can send help at least. There's just GOTTA be another way around besides the bridge.\" Ash was at a loss for words, could Scott REALLY be suggesting this? \"I can't just leave Linda here though.\" \"Well then you stay with her, I don't care what happens to her, she's your girlfriend YOU take care of her. I'm out.\" Scott said, not even feeling the need to look away. \"Scott…\" As said, trailing off, but his friend didn't trade any more words, he simply picked up the axe, put the flashlight into his backpack, took some food, and left. Ash stood at the door a moment, watching his supposed best friend vanish into the darkness outside, then shut the door once more, looking around the large, empty room. Just as he felt the isolation closing in, the cellar door creaked open a crack, and Cheryl's face came into view. \"One by one we will take you… Soon you'll be ours… AND THEN WE'LL LOCK YOU UP IN A CELLAR!\" She screeched, banging the door against the chains and cackling. \"SHUT UP!\" Ash said, rushing over to the corner and grabbing the shotgun. He leveled it at the door, but Cheryl didn't retreat. After a moment, Ash's eyes began to tear up. Even though her face was grey, her eyes were blank white, and her teeth were mangled and dripping with those disgusting fluids… He could still see his sister beneath it all. So he lowered the gun. \"Can't bring yourself to do it… That's why you're gonna diiiiiieeeeee!\" She cackled and then dropped back down. Ash let the gun fall from his grip and it clattered to the floor at his feet. He ignored it though, just wanting to be near SOMEONE who was loving to him… So he headed back to the room where Linda was resting. He peered in, but Linda was still out like a light, so he quietly made his way over, lifting the covers and pulling the bandage aside to inspect the wound on her ankle. The bleeding had stopped at least… but before he could even finish his thought of hope, the wound began to pulsate and twist in shape, it turned black and spider web-like patterns began spreading out of it, covering her leg, and following her veins. Ash's eyes widened in horror and Linda's eyes opened as well. She shot up into a sitting position on the bed and reached her arms out, her fingers hooked into claw-like shapes as she began laughing a fast, high-pitched insanity-filled laugh. Ash was so overwhelmed by the sudden attack that he stumbled away from her and right out the door into the hallway, continuing to back up out the back door of the cabin itself. He stopped just outside the door, realizing what he was doing before he left the range of the back door's light. He stood there a moment, praying she wouldn't come out of the room… Something lunged at him from the darkness, and Ash screamed, grabbing at it's arms. \"Ash! Help me!\" Scotty pleaded, coughing up blood. Ash looked at his badly beaten friend in horror and saw that he had branches and sticks protruding from all over his body, he looked like a pin-cushion of sharpened sticks. Ash quickly shouldered him and carried/dragged Scotty down the hall to the main room of the Cabin, sitting him down on the couch. \"Scotty, did you find another route?\" Ash asked. \"Ash… Cheryl was right…\" Scott said, coughing through his words. \"We're all gonna die here… All of us!\" \"We're not gonna die.\" Ash said, shaking Scott to get him to his senses. \"We're not gonna die! Now listen, was there another way besides the bridge?\" He asked again, and when Scotty didn't answer, he slapped him across the face. \"Scotty please answer me!\" \"Yes…\" He finally mumbled. \"There's a trail… but they know. The trees, they know… Don't you see Ash, they're alive!\" Cheryl began to laugh hysterically at the pain he was obviously in, and he cried out, clutching a particularly large stick in his gut. \"Don't leave me, Ash… You're not gonna leave me, are you Ash?\" He begged. \"No, I wont…\" Ash said solemnly. \"You're not gonna leave me here are ya? ARE YA ASH!\" Cheryl cackled from the cellar, mocking Scotty. \"SHUT UP CHERYL!\" Ash screamed. Then, he head a loud, high-pitched giggling sound behind him, and he slowly turned, his eye twitching from the immense stress he was under. There sat Linda, Indian-style in the doorframe of the hallway door, playing with her hair. Her face was pure white aside from freakishly red cheeks and her lips looked permanently pursed, even as she giggled, and of course she had those blank white eyes like the others. \"Shut up…\" Ash said. \"We're gonna get you, we're gonna get you…\" Linda began to sing-song at him. \"Not another peeeep, time to go to sleeeeep.\" \"Shut up!\" He shouted again, then back-handed her across the face, but she just started laughing again, so he screamed incoherent babble at her, unable to even form words, and smacked her again, and again, over and over until his hands hurt. \"Kill her… Kill her!\" Scotty mustered the strength to say, pointing at the Shotgun still laying on the floor. Ash grabbed it and breached it open, making sure the two shells were still inside. \"God forgive me Linda…\" Ash said quietly, not talking to the thing wearing her face. He raised the shotgun, leveling it at it's face, its cackling, twitching face, which slowly drooped down, it's hair covering the creature. Ash got his breathing under control and prepared to fire… but then Linda raised her head again, and Ash forgot he wasn't thinking of these things as his friends anymore. Her face looked like Linda again. \"Please… Ash don't hurt me…\" Linda said, looking completely normal. \"I- I don't want to die… You said you loved me.\" Ash recoiled in confusion and fear, immediately dropping the gun to the floor yet again. This couldn't be real, could it? Was he willing to find out? Could he bring himself to shoot Linda in the face when she looked… Like Linda? \"Ashley?\" Another voice said, from the cellar. Ash turned towards it, his body rigid. \"Ashley I'm alright now, let me out of here!\" Cheryl pleaded. \"Cheryl?\" Ash asked, making his way over and slowly crouching down by the cellar door. He quietly and carefully fished the keys from his pocket and moved towards the lock, but stopped, peering into the darkness between the floor and the cellar door. \"Cheryl?\" He asked again, then slid the keys back into his pocket. 'CRACK!' a fist came punching up through the floorboard next to the cellar door and Cheryl's hand, still disfigured and rotted, grabbed the side of Ash's face, digging her nails into his cheek. \"ASHLEY, Unlock these chains and let me out! I'm alright now, ASHLEY!\" She screamed mockingly, cackling again. Ash twisted her hand, slamming it against the edge of the broken floorboard until she released his face. He shot back up off the floor and felt blood trickling down the side of his face. \"You bastards! Why're you torturing me like this? WHY?\" He demanded, screaming down at the cellar. \"Hehehehhehehehe\" Ash heard from behind him, so he turned around once more, finding that Linda looked exactly the same as she did before when she'd been sitting there the first time. The same blank eyes, and cupie-doll face. She giggled and laughed like a Halloween witch at Ash, who covered his ears, wishing he was dead just so he didn't have to hear that sound anymore. Finally, Ash couldn't take it anymore, he grabbed her by the feet and dragged her out the front door, kicking it open as he came to it. Ash yanked her down the steps and out onto the dirt. \"It's Useless! USELESS!\" She screamed, thrashing around and her face morphing into bizarre colors and fluids gushing from her mouth now. \"We'll come for him, and then we'll come for you!\" She screeched, then as Ash threw her feet down and rushed for the door, she began clawing after him and roaring inhumanly behind him.[Chapter 7] CHAPTER SEVEN \"Lovers Quarrel\" Ash slammed the door shut, locking it behind him. After leaning against the door a moment, he realized that he'd probably just done something stupid… Now he had a Demon in the basement AND outside, but he didn't care anymore… Almost like a robot, he went into the kitchen and filled a glass with water, drinking some of it quickly. He hadn't realized how damn thirsty he was until now… Scotty probably was too. He went back to the main room, with a refilled glass, and sat next to Scott on the couch. \"Here, drink this, Scotty.\" Ash said, lifting the glass to his friend's face. \"You'll need some fluids for strength…\" He added, but Scott didn't move, his head was leaned back against the wall behind the couch, his eyes closed. \"We'll be getting out of here in a few hours… Wouldn't you like that? To be going home?\" Ash asked, refusing to accept what was happening. \"I bet you would… You, me, Cheryl, Linda and Shelly… Well…\" Ash paused, frowning. \"No, not Shelly, she…\" He trailed off, looking at his friend again, and at the water just running down the front of his face. \"Scott?\" There was no answer, and never would be again. Ash let the glass slip from his hand, and it fell onto Scott's shirt. He looked away from his dead friend and let his head fall into his palms as he felt like he was going to throw up until he died… But for some reason, he didn't. He got up and paced around the room, and when he passed in front of the hall door, he looked back and saw that the back door was still wide open from when he'd encountered Scott… Shit. He spun around to get the Shotgun, but Linda rushed at him from the bedroom door, wielding the ancient dagger in her hand. She slashed downward with it and Ash jumped back just in time to avoid it stabbing him in the face, but it ripped a jagged cut down the side of his arm, and he cried out in pain, kicking her in the chest to knock her away. Ash cradled the wound and Linda hit the wall by the couch, bouncing Scott forward onto the floor in a heap. Linda giggled and Cheryl pounded the cellar door in a bloodlust as Linda charged again. Ash grabbed Linda's wrists, stopping her from attacking him with the knife, but she still tried to bite his face. Ash wrestled with her, shocked at her strength considering her size. Ash groaned as she pulled her empty hand free to dig into his arm wound, and he spun her around to try and brace himself against the wall, but ended up too near the cellar door. Cheryl's hand shot out, clawing mercilessly down the back of his leg, ripping his pant cuff and the flesh beneath to bloody shreds. Ash screamed, bringing his knee up into Linda's stomach and then stepped back, stomping down on the cellar door with all his weight, pinning Cheryl's forearm in it. He heard something crack, but he didn't move, driven by a survival instinct now. He charged forward and tackled Linda to the floor, knocking the dagger from her grip in the process, so he reached over and grabbed it. He raised it up and shouted a battle cry like some kind of warrior and plunged the dagger down into her sternum, burying it inside her to the hilt. Linda's body shuddered violently and Cheryl was still banging the cellar door behind Ash, but he ignored it, keeping the knife in place even as Linda spurted white, red and black liquids from her mouth, splattering them all over Ash's face. He shut his eyes, but held fast until she stopped moving completely. He panted hard, then got to his feet, pulling the dagger out and tossing it aside. He looked back, but found Cheryl had retreated down into the cellar again. He knew Linda wasn't all the way dead… He'd heard Knowby's tape, he saw what stopped Shelly… He had to finish it. ... The workshed door swung open, the light bulb flicked on, Linda's body was placed down on the work bench, chains were wrapped across her and tightened. Ash looked down at her a moment, trying to preserve her normal face in his mind as long as possible… Then he reached up and grabbed the Chainsaw from the hooks. Ash yanked the ripcord and it fired right up. He revved the saw a few times, letting the noise give him some courage as he slowly lowered it towards Linda's body, but just before the whirling chain came in contact with her soft, undamaged flesh, he stopped. The necklace. He saw the necklace he'd given her, still around her neck, and couldn't bring himself to do it. \"Oh God, Linda…\" Ash said, tears forming in his eyes. He put the chainsaw back up on the hooks, and fell across her, hugging her a moment, but she was cold, and he felt empty inside. Outside it was cold too, and Ash saw Shelly's grave marker still in place, confirming his hopes that this really did work. He set Linda down on the dirt and picked up the shovel from where he'd stuck it earlier. ... The thing in the woods had grown impatient with trying to make the last man go insane, it commanded, and Cheryl's body responded. She started pounding against the cellar door with all her might, grunting with each hit. The thing in the cellar wanted the soul of the last one… and it would have him. ... Ash gave up after only 4 feet… Stepping out of the hole and sticking the shovel back in the dirt. He made his way over to Linda, pausing a moment, wondering if he saw her eyes move… He waited, but decided he'd imagined it, instead picking up the body and placing it in the shallow grave. He then proceeded to shovel the dirt in on top of her, feeling like he was having a hard time breathing from the grief. ... Cheryl grunted and groaned louder, like an animal fighting for freedom. She felt the wood around the chain brackets cracking apart now, and the thing in the woods urged her on even more, growling with anticipation. ... Finally having covered her up, Ash tossed the shovel aside, picking up the sticks he'd made into a cross like on Shelly's grave. Ash looked down at the necklace he'd taken off Linda, placing it in his pocket for safe keeping, and then turned to head inside. Suddenly, Linda's hand burst up from the grave, snatching Ash's ankle violently. Already torn up by Cheryl from earlier, agonizing pain shot up his entire leg and he cried out, toppling forward and rolling down the hill. When he hit the bottom, his whole body ached, and Ash rolled onto his back, unable to get up. He watched as Linda pulled herself up from the grave, horrific liquid dribbling from her lips and he desperately searched around for something to defend himself with. Linda giggled, her throat gurgling from the fluids seeping out of her, and leapt into the air, plummeting towards Ash down the hill and screeching like a banshee all the way down. Suddenly, Ash's hands closed around something heavy above and to the right of him, and he swung with all his might. The shovel Scotty had used to bury Shelly was what he'd found, and he felt the tool jerk as the blade hacked through Linda's neck, snapping the bone and sending the head tumbling down the hill, where it landed next to Ash. Linda's body landed right on him, knocking the wind out of Ash and more of the noxious fluid spurted from Linda's neck hole. Her head cackled next to him and her body grabbed hold, spewing more bile onto him as her hips grinded against him, thrusting over and over. Ash screamed in disgust, feeling like he might vomit, but fought it back, shoving with all his might and throwing Linda's body off him. He dragged the body up the hill, and tossed it back in the grave. The pain in his ankle was too much for him by this point though, and he stumbled down the hill back towards the cabin. Inside, the cellar door stood wide open, and Cheryl was nowhere to be found.[Chapter 8] CHAPTER EIGHT \"Last Man Standing\" Ash stumbled back into the cabin, where his attention was immediately drawn to the cellar door. He swore silently under his breath at the sight of it hanging open and the metal brackets broken. He snatched up the shotgun from where it sat near the front door and checked, seeing that there was still two shells inside. He felt the loneliness close in around him, as if the very feeling was coming to life now… Cutting him off, making him feel like there was no world outside the small cabin. He had to get the house secured. Ash raised the shotgun and slowly made his way across the main room, trying to keep quiet in spite of the bad limp he'd developed after his fight with Linda outside. He tilted his head to look through the open pass-through window into the kitchen, but saw nothing. He also checked down the hallway for any movement, but there wasn't anything there either, so he made his way towards the bedroom door to the left of the hallway door. His hand slowly reached out, his ears perked as he listened for any sound whatsoever, any hint of movement. Silence only greeted him, not a natural silence either, a dead silence, as if someone had pressed the mute button on a remote controlling Ash's life. He gripped the knob and slowly turned it, cringing at the sound of the latch, which in the silence seemed like every little squeak and jolt was deafening. He finally gave up on stealth and yanked the door all the way open, leveling the gun at the room… But it was empty. The next door, leading into the bathroom was ahead and to his right, so he headed towards it, but stopped when he heard movement to his left. Ash put his back to the wall and leveled the shotgun at the window, which was still broken and open from when Shelly had been taken. He slowly moved closer to the window, hoping he would be able to get the drop on Cheryl first. He felt sick thinking it, but knew that once he put down Cheryl for good, he would be able to find a way out in peace. As he reached the open window though, he didn't see anything outside. Just the rolling fog moving across the grass illuminated by the small scarlet-colored light coming from the bedroom lamp. Ash kept the shotgun at the ready, peering around the corner of the window frame. Suddenly, two hands clamped down on the shotgun from below the window, in the shadow of the sill. Ash recoiled and let out a startled scream, jerking the shotgun away from Cheryl, who cackled at him evilly. Ash clenched his jaw and whipped the shotgun towards his possessed sister, squeezing the trigger. The gun jerked in his hand and let out a deafening \"BOOM!\" in the small room. Cheryl's shoulder exploded in a shower of blood and bits of bone as she was flung backward into the darkness. Ash rushed forward to finish her off, but arrived at the window just in time to see her stumbling around the corner of the front of the cabin… Towards the front door. Ash raced out of the bedroom to the main room and quickly slammed the door shut, locking it. He then spotted the back door still ajar and raced all the way down the hallway, kicking it shut and locking it as well. Panting now, Ash frantically rushed back to the main room as the doorknob started to jiggle around. He pressed against the door to brace it as Cheryl's fists pounded violently and she roared like a beast outside. He held fast, and soon, she stopped. Ash paused a moment, trying to get his heart to stop racing, leaning his back against the door just in case she tried breaking in again. The wood on either side of his head shattered, and Cheryl's fists punched right through the door, closing around his throat. Her hands squeezed and Ash yelped in pain as the airflow was cut off. \"Let me go, you bitch!\" He chortled out, but she just laughed at him. \"Sorry Ashley, didn't mean to take your breath away!\" She guffawed. Infuriated by her sarcastically stupid pun, Ash growled loudly and pulled as hard as he could forward, hearing Cheryl's head smash against the door as he yanked her arms. Her hands slipped off him and he toppled forward from the sudden release. The Shotgun landed on top of him and he rolled onto his side, taking aim through the holes she'd made. Her face was framed right there, so he squeezed the trigger. BOOM! The shotgun echoed, and Cheryl's face was blown out of sight, spraying blood against the door in the process. Ash breached the shotgun, popping both empty shells out and felt his pockets, but found nothing. \"Shells…\" He said to himself, racking his memory. \"Where did I see that box of shells?\" Then it came to him, he'd left them downstairs where they'd found the book and the tape recorder. Ash quickly popped the broken cellar door open and descended, aiming the useless shotgun into the dark ahead of him. A strange feeling of déjà vu came over Ash as he made his way down the stairs and through the main room of the basement. He recalled how only hours ago he'd been down here searching for Scotty, before the world had turned upside-down and dropped him into a land of insanity and horrors. It seemed almost like a world away to him now, as if he'd been in this new world forever… He felt something liquid drip onto his face, and wiped at it, but paused, catching a glimpse of it in the low light coming down from the cellar door. It was red. He looked up, confused, and saw a pipe above him, sagging somewhat in the center of the length of tubing, and something was wrapped around it. He peered closer, and realized that it was wrapped in some kind of cloth, as though it was bandaged, and the cloth was completely soaked through with the same red substance. Suddenly, a loud groaning sound echoed through the basement, and the pipe gave way, opening wide and a river of the disgusting liquid poured freely onto Ash's face. He was taken so by surprise that he lost his footing and toppled to the ground on his back. The blood flood continued and he desperately scrambled out from under it, trying futilely to keep it from getting in his mouth or nose. After he was free from it, he feverishly wiped at his face, trying to get it out of his eyes, and screamed at nobody in sheer disgust and desperation. Then all around him, he heard Linda's sing-song voice again, disembodied, singing that stupid \"we're gonna get you\" song at him. \"Shut up, Linda!\" He shouted at the darkness, then got to his feet, limping through the rest of the basement. He suddenly went blind with white light, and held his hands up in front of his face. A moment of panic struck him as strange memories of people on tv talking about out-of-body experiences, and the tunnels of light they saw at death. Was this it? Had he somehow just died and he was going to the other side now? Alas though, he heard a loud, whirring sound ahead of him, and turned, squinting to find a projection screen behind him. He gritted his teeth and turned back, barely able to spot the old projector ahead of him, and for a moment, was disappointed that he wasn't dead… For if he was, his troubles would have been over now… As these thoughts crossed his mind, more blood dribbled from the ceiling all around him, onto the projector's lens now, making the light turn red on him. Ash pressed on, finally reaching the door to the office side of the basement. He painfully trotted to the desk, slamming the shotgun down on it and grabbing the box of shotgun shells. Ash popped two fresh shells into the barrels and snapped the gun shut, stuffing the rest of the shells into the breast pockets of his shirt. All-together he counted about 7 shells total, not much. He turned and hurried out of the room, determined to get out of the basement from Hell. As he passed, the projector, wet from the blood, sparked and exploded, forcing him to shield his eyes as he recoiled from the violent burst of sparks. As the projector died, the basement returned to silence again, and Ash looked around, nothing moved in the dark, nothing tried to kill him. He weakly trudged through the dampness of the blood-soaked dirt flood beneath his feet, climbed the stairs one painful step at a time, and reached the top, looking at the still motionless clock next to his head. Ash didn't see it, but suddenly, Scotty's body shot up into a sitting position behind him, and it's head slowly turned, the neck bones quietly popping as he turned it all the way around to look at Ash by the cellar door. Scotty got to his feet, the noise of which caught Ash's attention finally. He looked, wide-eyed as his former friend got to his feet, eyes fixed on him, blank white now. Scotty's body turned to face the same direction as his head now, another horrific popping sound of the bones accompanying the turn. Ash moved away from the cellar door, shaking his head angrily at what these horrible things had done to his friend. He raised the shotgun and prepared to fire, when suddenly the front door was hit behind him and swung open wide, smashing into his back. Ash let out a loud grunting sound and toppled into Scotty, who grabbed Ash by the throat and started to throttle him. Ash gasped for air, pounding on Scott with all his might, but to no avail. The possessed man did not give up, and Ash felt his head swimming as he was starting to pass out. With no other option available to his fading consciousness, Ash reached up, clutched Scotty by the sides of his head, and shoved his thumbs into those blank white eyes that were staring at him. A sickening slippery sensation greeted him as he shoved as hard as he could, and a disgusting bursting sensation followed. Ash felt the contents of the eyeballs squirt out of the sockets, but shut his eyes to avoid the visual as it seeped out onto Scotty's face. Scott let out a scream of pain and released Ash's throat, making him fall to the floor in a heap. Scott fell to the floor a moment later, and clutched blindly at his face. Ash gasped for air, looking around for the fallen shotgun as he caught a glimpse of Cheryl out of the corner of his eye ramming into the table he'd put in front of the door to keep it closed. With each hit, the table was knocked a little further away from the wall, and Cheryl was getting inside. Ash's vision still swam from the oxygen deprivation, and he saw the table shake violently, and the Book of the Dead, that horrid thing that began it all, flew off the table and next to the fireplace, the roaring flames close enough to singe it a bit. Ash heard Cheryl moan in distress and looked to find that her and Scotty's bodies were smoking now… Ash looked at the book, seeing that it too was smoking from the close proximity to the flames. Ash quickly pulled himself across the room, an idea forming in his head, if the spirits they'd set free were still bound to the book, then the book must be their connection to this world. If he destroyed it, maybe that would kill the thing once and for all! He reached out to grab the book, but felt a hard, clamping feeling on his ankle, then looked down to find Scotty had blindly grabbed for him and had a firm hold on his ankle. Still on the floor, he pulled Ash backwards to stop him from reaching the book. Ash cried out in desperation and his nails raked painfully across the floorboards to stop himself, but it failed. He did however feel something get caught in his fingers, and looked up to find the necklace he'd given Linda laying on the floor, having fallen out of his pocket apparently. Suddenly, a searing pain ripped through Ash's whole body, and he cried out, looking up to find Cheryl standing there, brandishing a fire-poker. She giggled in delight at his pain and raised it up, smacking him along the back with it once more. Ash again cried out in pain, and reached for the book again, but Scott held him firmly in place, then began biting into his leg just to add insult and injury to what was ALREADY an injury. Ash screamed in agony, kicking his leg furiously, but the Demon held fast. A desperate plan hit Ash's pain-filled mind and he grabbed the necklace, gripping the chain and tossing the magnifying head out towards the book. The small glass disk bounced off the book, but did not catch. Ash cried out again as the poker smashed his back once more, and he grit his teeth, forcing himself not to pass out from the sheer agony of the attacks on his body, and pulled the amulet back again, tossing it once more. By now though, the Demons must have figured out what he was doing, and began pulling him back away from the book even further. Ash looked down to see that Scott was now on his knees, preparing to lunge at him, and knew he was now well out of the necklace chain's range of the book. He looked away, up towards the book once more, but saw it MUCH closer than he thought. Apparently the second toss had somehow snagged the book JUST barely by the \"eyebrow\" of the horrific flesh cover, and he'd pulled it WITH him. Renewed with hope, Ash kicked Scotty in the face, head-butted Cheryl in the stomach, and dove for the book. Ash clutched it in his hand and reared it back, whipping it at the fire with all his might. The book slammed into the burning logs and instantly ignited, the alive-feeling flesh cover went up in flames and the two demons screamed in agony around him as their bodies were engulfed by smoke from beneath their clothes. Suddenly, giant, inhuman hands burst from within the bodies of Ash's former friends, showering him with blood and gore as their mortal forms were ripped to shreds from within. As this happened, the monster hands ignited into flames as well, then receded back inside. Ash watched in horror as the two bodies began to rot, the flesh peeling away from their bones, and Cheryl toppled to the floor, her skull hitting the floor and shattering, spraying her melting brain all over Ash's face. \"Oh GOD NO!\" Ash shouted, sobbing horribly as his sister finally died, not moving again.[Chapter 9] CHAPTER NINE \"The End?\" Ash awoke, still on the floor where he'd been laying during the fight, his hand clutching the necklace to his chest. He'd been awoken by the sound of a clock ticking and for a brief, brilliant moment, he thought he'd dreamed it all. Then the pain hit him. The aching was terrible in all his muscles, and they promised him more pain to come later. Ash didn't care though, he pushed it out of his head and sat up. Around him, the corpses of his friends had all but dissolved into horrific liquids of varying colors, and he looked away from them in disgust. He got to his feet painfully and limped, blood still wet all over him, dripping as he walked toward the front door. He saw sunlight pouring in from outside and realized with joy that it had worked. The book was destroyed and the Evil Dead's hold on this place was gone. He prayed that this would mean their influence had been undone or something, like how it always happened in the movies… Hoping against hope the bridge would be back to normal. ... Off in the woods though, Ash did not hear the stirring. The thing in the woods was in pain, and was not pleased. It stared down at the floor of the forest, a single leaf there. It felt Ash stirring inside the cabin. Having been hurt by the destruction of the book, but by no means defeated, it roared hungrily and zoomed off toward the cabin. The rear door came into view, but it was not challenged, and rammed it. The door blew open, ripping the lock apart as it did, then the inner door that led to the main room shattered to pieces, and the front door came next, breaking open to reveal Ash standing there outside. ... He spun around and screamed as the thing bore down on him and flew straight into his open, screaming mouth. Everything went black.[Chapter 10] CHAPTER TEN \"The Beginning\" Ash woke up screaming. He sat bolt upright in the backseat of his car and looked around, horrified. He felt a hand grab his, and recoiled, shoving his back into the seat behind him, eyes wide. There, ahead of him in the front seat was Linda, with a concerned look on her face. She didn't look possessed at all… She looked normal, and… somehow completely different than in the dream, but he knew it was Linda somehow… Wait, dream… Yes, it had been a dream. All of it had been. Had he made up those other people? Ash looked around the car, but found that the two of them were alone. \"Ash, honey are you alright?\" She asked, reaching out and grabbing his hand again. \"Sweetheart, you were having a nightmare, it's okay!\" She said, touching his face with her other hand. Ash panted, trying to get his heartbeat to slow. That had been the single most horrific dream he'd EVER had in his entire life… He nodded. \"Yeah… Sorry, baby… I'm alright. Just a really intense one.\" She smiled and leaned over the top of the seat, kissing him. \"Well, don't worry, lover. We're here.\" \"Where?\" Ash asked, scratching his still disoriented head. Linda laughed, climbing out of the car. \"The cabin of course.\" Ash froze. The cabin. Now he remembered, they'd taken a vacation from S-Mart and school to come up to a secluded cabin in the woods outside Dearborn. That's where the dream had taken place… Ash opened the door and climbed out, looking around. He felt his stomach sink as he looked at the cabin for the first time… It looked just like in his dream. Not similar, EXACTLY the same. Ash looked around the dark woods around him, and felt like he'd seen all these trees already too, knew there was a work-shed in the back yard, knew ALL of it already. Behind him, a scream split the night and Ash spun around, but Linda was gone. \"Linda!\" Ash called out, but there was no answer. No. Not again. He didn't even think about it, rushing blindly off into the woods to search for her. He couldn't lose her again, not like this… \"Linda!\" He called out again, but there was only silence in reply. All around him, the trees towered in the darkness, the only source of light coming from those almost floodlight lanterns on top of the cabin's forward leaning roof. Suddenly though, the silence was shattered as Linda burst up from the bushes into view, right in front of Ash. Her face was pale, her eyes blank white now, and her teeth sharp. He recoiled in fear and toppled backwards into the grass. Linda began to giggle and chortle, stretching out her arms and staggering toward him like a zombie. Ash scrambled backwards, remembering this as if it had just happened. His hand closed around the shovel that just appeared next to him, and Linda leapt through the air. For a moment, Ash didn't know if he could do it again, but his hand moved all on its own it seemed, driven by some powerful force to survive. The head of the shovel hacked right through her flesh and bone, and the head bounced away, rolling down the hill as her body toppled to the dirt. Ash shoveled the last load of dirt onto the grave and looked down at the necklace that he hadn't even given Linda yet. \"Oh Linda…\" He mumbled to himself in horror. This felt so familiar… How had he known this would happen? Why wasn't he more surprised that the horrific dream was coming true? Ash headed toward the cabin, unsure why he'd even buried Linda to begin with. Was it just because that's what happened in the dream? He looked back at the cross he'd made from branches, and realized that must have been it. Ash reached the steps of the cabin and looked up at it, frowning. He stepped back, staring at the place like it's windows were eyes, and it stared right back at him. Suddenly, the window-tops angled down and towards one-another, and the step of the porch contorted like a mouth. \"JOIN US!\" The cabin demanded. Suddenly, the front door burst open and Ash felt something coming for him. He screamed in horror and shut his eyes, then felt his feet leave the ground and kept screaming as he rocketed backwards through the woods. His screaming came to an end when his back struck a tree and he toppled forward, landing head-first in a large puddle of water. He didn't move. After a moment, bubbles came up from beneath the water, but then nothing. Suddenly, Ash yanked his head up and cried out, his voice warping and his face contorted like his friends had been when they were possessed. Somewhere inside himself, Ash was still Ash, and he saw all of this as though he were a spectator. His eyes had gone blank white, like the others, and he felt defeat wash over him… It hadn't been a dream at all, waking up had been the dream. As he succumbed though, the sunlight from the dawn crept up to his fallen form and shone brightly into the Demon's eyes now inhabiting his body. It growled, holding up Ash's hand to shield itself from the rays of sunshine. It growled in pain and then clutched Ash's face, but then Ash felt a hard tug, and had the strange, exhausting sensation of being yanked back into his own tired, beat-up body. His vision went blank white, but only for a moment, as the white swirled away from his vision like water going down a toilet, and he felt free again as the warm sunlight washed over him. Ash felt like his face was heavy, and his jaw hung open, he gasped for air, and let out a cry of horror as the pain from the injuries he'd sustained the night before washed over him again. The cuts and bruises re-appeared all over his body, and he passed out from the agony. ... Ed stood at the edge of the landing field where he'd been instructed to park. The airport was small, and he saw the little private plane taxi to a stop. He smiled and waved, hoping that Annie would see him. Ed was a tall man, blonde hair, blue eyes, a master race poster child, and good-looking to boot. He came from a wealthy family, and dressed accordingly, a very fine brand of shirt, off-white in color, with a yellow sweater on his back, sleeves tied around his neck, and of course, khaki pants to complete the look. He was an Associate professor from Michigan State, and had been anxiously waiting for weeks for Annie to call him back. Annie, who was now stepping off the plane, was not like Ed in many ways… She was average looking. Pretty, but not BEAUTIFUL by the conventional standards. She had big, dark brown hair, and usually dressed for the outdoors, due to her upbringing. Her father Raymond had always taken her on his trips with him. Her mother hadn't been the outdoors type, but always loved the two of them together, so she never minded them being away. She'd learned everything she knew about archeology from her father, who was currently a professor at Michigan State, and had helped her a lot towards getting her own doctorate from the college. She'd met Ed through her father's work of course, as Ed was her father's T.A. throughout most of her schooling. The two had hit it off very well very fast, and Ed had proposed to her just before she left for the dig in England. Annie had told him she needed to think about it, but kept the ring anyway. As she approached, he smiled at her and rushed forward, hugging her tightly. She kissed him on the lips passionately, and he (as usual) returned the kiss in a sort of mellow way. Ed had never been much for passion, of any sort. The two had slept together already, but Annie found it to be only… satisfactory. Ed's lack of passion was one of the reasons she hadn't said yes to his proposal straight away. \"Annie, how was the trip?\" \"Ugh. Long.\" She said, rolling her eyes, trying to put the thoughts of proposal out of her head. \"VERY excited about getting to work though.\" She said. \"So, what condition are they in?\" Ed asked, referring to the item she'd mentioned in her letter. \"Taka a look.\" She said, holding up the display case to him. \"They haven't aged a day in over 3000 years!\" Ed exclaimed. \"Maybe longer.\" Annie said with a smile. She looked down fondly at her find, and really hoped her father would be impressed. The case contained the missing pages of Necronomicon Ex Mortis, the Book of the Dead. \"So, when do we begin the translations?\" Ed asked. Annie headed over to the car as Ed picked up her suitcase. \"Tonight.\" She said eagerly. \"Is everything ready with my father?\" \"They should be, but I haven't spoken with him in a week. No phone at the cabin.\"Annie nodded, remembering those long summer weekends her and her family would spend up at the place. \"Yeah, forgot…\" Ed tossed the bags into the trunk of his car as they reached it. \"Annie, you hinted in your telegram that you and your father were onto something with the first part of your translations. What has he found in the book of the dead?\" Annie smirked. She had almost forgotten about the initial translations she'd done with him, so excited about the new find she'd put the previous one out of thought till now. \"Probably nothing… but just maybe… a doorway to another world.\" She said. As the two of them climbed into the car, Annie once again looked down at the ancient pages in the case she'd brought, and wondered just how much of this stuff she really believed in. Her father never had, but after so many years hearing him tell stories of this ancient text… Annie seemed to have developed a certain romanticized, adventurous feeling, WANTING to believe that the book really could commune with the Dead, bring them back to life even… And as the car drove on through the fading light of day, she realized that she obviously believed a lot more than she thought she did.[Chapter 11] CHAPTER ELEVEN \"Screaming at the Dark\" Ash's eyes shot open and he sat bolt upright in the dirt. His gaze drifted around, trying to focus in the fading light of dusk. He had been unconscious for a long time apparently, and his body felt a bit better, but that soon became irrelevant, as Ash realized that it WAS in fact, dusk. He did not want to spend another night here, so he got to his feet, then remembered the possession and looked himself over, searching internally for anything… out of place. \"It's gone…\" Ash mumbled to himself, then looked at the horizon through the trees. \"Sun must've driven it away.\" He said, smiling a bit in relief. The relief was short-lived though, as he realized that the sun was indeed still setting. \"Better blow outta here before nightfall though.\" The tires squealed and the car rocketed forward down the old road that he and his friends had come down the day before, and Ash feverishly wiped the crusty blood and other fluids off himself as he drove. He had no idea what he would tell the authorities… and tried not to think about what he would tell his mother about Cheryl… \"Oh God, Cheryl… Linda, Scotty…\" He said to himself, trying to keep himself from freaking out. His friends were all dead, and he was going to have to explain all this. Then a thought occurred to him. The dream he'd had, about waking up in the back of the car… Was that reality? Had he just come up here with Linda and the others WERE made up? He racked his brain, but somehow, the answer eluded him… He remembered them all, but he ALSO remembered a life with just Linda… His thoughts were interrupted though, as he saw the bridge ahead and slammed on the brakes. \"Oh no…\" He said. Ash climbed out of the car, staring in disbelief at the structure ahead. \"NO!\" He shouted, pounding on the roof of the car. The bridge was indeed still destroyed. Ash fell against the car, and remembered himself and Cheryl finding it the night before, and he knew then that it had all been real. He wasn't dreaming, and if he was… Would probably never wake up. That's when the feeling came over him again. He'd felt it a few times last night, but had been too busy to analyze it. A creeping feeling that he needed to run. Fast. He'd felt it this morning too, when the door of the cabin had busted out and he'd been thrown all the way out into the woods… That thing in the woods, the Evil force itself must have been responsible, and he could FEEL it coming now. The thing in the woods was hungry again. It was furious over the burning of the book, and in it's weakened state, couldn't withstand the sun, but now, as the sun drifted down below the horizon, it knew it could go after the last one again… It roared up the Cliffside towards the wrecked bridge where the Ashley one's car was, calling out for him. Ash jumped back into the car, slammed it in reverse, and stomped the pedal, looking over his shoulder to drive. The car sped backwards and he knew the thing was getting closer. He had no idea where it was, or if he could even see it if he looked, but he dared not find out. He just sped back towards the only cover he knew of… The Cabin. As much as he didn't want to go back there, he knew that it was his only chance. Ash yanked the wheel to the left and the car spun, sliding on the dirt road sideways a bit, then stopped. ... The thing in the woods saw the car screech to a halt, and it zoomed forward with renewed interest, almost right on top of Ashley now. ... Ash stomped on the gas pedal again, and the car shot forward, back onto the road going forward now. Ash couldn't help himself, and stole a look over his shoulder, night falling FAR too quickly around him to be normal, and he knew that the thing was growing strong again. He peered back, but saw nothing, so he turned back to the road. Too late. Ash cried out in surprise and slammed on the brakes. The bumper struck the wood-chopping stump in front of the Cabin and Ash felt himself fly forward, crashing through the windshield. He hit the ground and rolled, dazed, but conscious somehow. Ash got to his feet, feeling like he'd bruised a rib, but miraculously was not hurt. Ash stumbled towards the door to the cabin, feeling that the thing was still coming for him. He heard the rear window of the car shatter too now and knew it was right on his heels. Ash reached the door, slamming it behind him, but the door broke open once more before he could lock it, and he backed away, not sure what to do, so he ran. He ducked into one of the side rooms and didn't look back, running for all he was worth and slamming doors behind him all the way. ... The thing in the woods was furious. It would never have had this much trouble keeping up if the book hadn't been burned, but somehow it felt its strength returning to it as time went on, and it smashed open the doors Ashley had closed in front of it. Finally, it burst through the door into the main room of the cabin, but found it empty. The thing looked around, but it simply had lost sight of Ashley. Its unsecured strength failing it now, the thing roared in anger and zoomed back out into the woods, leaving the cabin behind. ... Inside the cabin, all was quiet now. The furniture was unmoving, the forest outside was still silent as before, and the clock once again stopped ticking even. Then, a creaking sound split the silence, and the cellar door slowly lifted. Ash, shaking like a leaf, peered out to find the room empty, but also felt alone once more, the thing in the woods was gone. He climbed out cautiously, making his way to the door and shutting it, locking the latch once more. ... A few miles away, Ed's car pulled up the long, lonely road to the cabin, but stopped at the sight of a pickup truck parked in the middle of the road ahead. He frowned and got out, Annie close behind. They approached the truck and saw the driver in front of it, setting up a roadblock with a blinking light on top. \"Excuse me.\" Annie said, and the man turned to look at her. He was a heavy-set man, sweaty with disheveled hair. He wore a white tee shirt covered in grease stains, and a pair of blue overalls as well. A set of army dog-tags hung from his neck. Jake was a lazy man by nature, he'd just been raised that way. One would think that his time in the military would have fixed this, and he loved talking about his time in \"the war\", but the fact is, Jake had never been in the military. The tags he wore were his grandfather's from World War II, and he just wore them to pick up girls at the bar. He hated city folk, as they were the ones who called him out on his story most of all… \"Excuse me.\" Annie repeated, and Jake simply popped a cigarette into his mouth, nodding to her. \"Is this the road to the Knowby Cabin?\" She asked. Jake nodded again. \"That's right, but you aint goin' there.\" He said, his thick southern accent shining through. Annie frowned, crossing her arms. \"And why not?\" Jake just smirked, and reached through the window of his truck, flipping on the headlights. The beams split through the dark ahead, illuminating the trashed remains of the bridge. \"Good God…\" Ed said, amazed. \"There's gotta be another way in.\" Annie said, looking to Jake for an answer. \"There's gotta be a road or something, right?\" Jake looked as though he was about to blow her off, but a voice from behind the group caught their attention. \"Sure ain't no road…\" The group turned and saw a woman now leaning against the truck, chewing tobacco. She spit and leaned back again. \"What the hell you wanna go up there for anyway?\" She was an attractive woman, but wore FAR too much makeup for her own good, with overly loud eye-shadow, bright lipstick, and blush that made it look like someone had taken pliers to her cheeks. Annie immediately hated her. She placed her hands on her hips, shooting her a look. \"None of your business.\" The woman looked thrown that someone hadn't just immediately answered her question, and looked as though she wanted to hit Annie already. Fearing a fight, Jake quickly stepped in. \"Hey, I just remembered!\" He said, nervously chuckling, exposing several missing teeth in the front of his mouth. \"Yeah, that's right, there is a trail. You could follow Bobby-Jo and me.\" \"Sounds alright to me.\" Ed said, looking from Annie to the others. \"It'll cost ya though…\" Jake mumbled. Annie sighed. \"How much?\" she asked spitefully. These dumb hicks were starting to piss her off now. \"Forty-five-\" Jake started, but halted as his girl elbowed him. \"Uh… Hundred buck.\" he finished. Annie thought it over, and an idea occurred to her. She glanced back at the car, motioning to it with her head. \"Tell you what, you take my bags and you got a deal.\" Jake moved to the car and peered inside, seeing Annie's carry-on bag and the display case with the pages inside, but obviously did NOT see the large crate of clothes Ed had put in the trunk earlier. He chuckled. \"Sure!\" He said enthused. Annie and Ed both chuckled as well, knowing what he'd just agreed to. ... Ash jerked in the rocking chair, awoken by something he couldn't remember. He looked around the main room of the cabin and relaxed a bit, seeing he was still alone. It had been hours since he'd eluded the thing in the woods, and he'd used that time to crudely patch up the doors to secure his stronghold. He'd also used the kitchen table to board up the windows of the main room, even going so far as to fix the cellar door so that he could keep it closed, the memories of Cheryl tormenting him from within too fresh in his mind to stand it sitting open. Ash couldn't shake the feeling of unease that had woken him up though, so he got to his feet, peering out the front, right-side window of the house, searching for any movement in the trees. Nothing was there though. He was about to look away, when he saw the cross on Linda's gravesite tip over. Ash watched in horror as a hand burst up from the ground, and Linda's headless corpse followed soon after. He hadn't been able to bring himself to finish her off, so she was returning yet again to torment him… Linda's head came rolling up the hill next to the graves, and her body bent at the hips, dipping down and allowing the head to latch onto the neck stump. She then waved to Ash, giggling and she began to dance, twirling and moving between the trees in a macabre beauty. Ash felt his heart sink as he watched this, for Linda's body was now back to the way she'd looked when she was alive, and her clothing was tatters of cloth draped across her naked form. Then, Shelly's grave stirred, and her hacked-up parts rose into the air, re-assembling as well. Ash blinked, and in that short time, Shelly was back together, looking alive as well, smiling at him as she joined Linda's dance. The two women touched, watching Ash as they did so, clearly trying to illicit a reaction. They giggled the same, eerie, echoing laugh as they danced with one-another, their bodies rubbing together. Eventually, the dancing façade ended, and they simply began to touch one-another all over. Ash's first impulse was, of course, to watch, but then their bodies began to whither, wrinkle, and rot back to the way the demons had made them. Ash looked away, biting his lip. After a moment, he looked back, and Shelly's corpse glanced over her shoulder at him, grinning a rotten-toothed smile before kissing Linda, then crumbling back into her hacked-up form. The pieces of Shelly slid back beneath the dirt, and Linda looked at Ash, her body now gray, rotten and withered like the corpse she was. All aside from her head, which looked exactly the same as it did in life. After a moment, she leapt off the top of the hill and vanished into the trees, an echoing laugh lingering in the air, then the woods returned to silence. Ash leaned closer to the boards, peering between them to give himself a wider range of sight. Suddenly, Linda popped up right in front of the window and snarled at him, her eyes blank white and her teeth sharp like a shark. \"DANCE WITH ME!\" She snarled. She began giggling again and reached through the boards, grabbing Ash by the sides of the head. She yanked him hard, smashing his face against the boards painfully. Ash grabbed at her hands, wrenching them off him and backing away from the window, screaming in terror as her head simply rolled off her neck, blood shooting up from it like a fountain. Ash's eyes opened and he screamed in terror uncontrollably in the rocking chair, his hands clutching the arms of it in a death-grip. He panted, feeling the cold sweat beading down his brow, and his head shot towards the boards on the window he'd dreamed of standing next to, but saw nothing there now. None of it had happened, the Demons were just trying to screw with his mind again. \"Just a dream ya idiot…\" He mumbled to himself. \"You're fine… It's alright…\" Something plummeted from the roof and landed right in Ash's lap. He looked down, screaming again when he saw what it was. Linda's head looked up and smiled inhumanly wide with those shark teeth again. \"Hello lover.\" She said, then chomped down onto his hand. Ash screamed and jumped up from the chair, swinging his arm wildly, smashing the head against the nearby fireplace mantle. Linda refused to release him though, and Ash fell to his knees, grabbing her head by the hair in agony. Suddenly, through the pain, a plan formed in his mind. \"Workshed!\" He exclaimed. Outside, the door of the workshed burst open and Ash stormed in, feeling out the work bench with his free hand in the dark. The pain was agonizing, and blood was now running down his right arm freely as he finally located the vice he'd been looking for. He shoved Linda's head into the clamp, and spun the tightening handle, then ripped his hand free, taking a few teeth with it. Linda spit blood and variously colored fluids, giggling at him as he hit the light to see what he was doing easier. \"Even now we have your darling Linda's soul! She suffers in TORMENT!\" Ash glared down at this thing before him that had stolen Linda's face… Had taken her away from him. The thing in the woods didn't have a body, didn't have something for him to shoot, stab or chop up… This thing here though… This thing he could hurt. \"You're going down!\" He shouted, reaching up for the chainsaw, but found nothing. \"Chainsaw…\" Ash mumbled, looking around for where he'd left it. The door to the shed burst open again and a loud revving of an engine split through the silence of the space. The chainsaw fired up and Linda's headless corpse lunged at him, brandishing the saw out in front of it. Ash recoiled in fear, desperately grabbing the first sturdy thing he could, a crowbar. He held it up in front of him and the saw's spinning blade connected, sending sparks flying as Ash shoved the blade back. Linda's body was thrown off balance and Ash struck before it had time to react. The chainsaw, heavy in Linda's body's weakened arms, fell back towards the body and the whirling chain sunk right into the neck hole, ripping down into her midsection, spraying Ash with blood and bits of gore. He groaned and tackled the body to the ground, grabbing the saw and gaining control of it to finish the job and chop Linda's body to pieces. After a moment of catching his breath, he turned off the chainsaw and yanked it from Linda's hands, standing up and looking down at her head, still alive on the vice. Now though, it looked like Linda again, and was crying. Ash backed away, not in surprise though, as he was used to their tricks… But he just couldn't take looking at her any more. \"Please Ash, please don't hurt me. You swore we'd always be together! I love you!\" \"I… I love you too, Linda.\" Ash said, then yanked on the Chainsaw's rip-chord to start it up. Linda's face contorted and reverted to the Demon's face again, knowing it wasn't going to be able to trick him. \"Your lover is mine… and now she burns in HELL!\" It screamed at him. With renewed anger, Ash furrowed his brow, clenched his jaw. \"Alright, that's how you wanna play it? OKAY!\" He screamed at it. He revved the saw up full-blast and rammed the tip of the blade into the Demon's face, refusing to look away as the blade ripped violently into the head, shattering bone and spraying bits of flesh and brain all over the workshed, a torrent of blood and Demon bile spraying so thick it hit the single naked light bulb and colored everything in the shed in a red filter.[Chapter 12] CHAPTER TWELVE \"Misery Loves Company\" A few minutes after the scene of carnage, Ash stumbled out of the shed door. He'd wiped off the light to aid in the cleanup a bit, but had mostly just tossed the body parts out. The chainsaw hung loosely in his grip and he looked down at the blood all over his shirt and was overcome with a strange, sickening sense of calm now that he knew Linda was gone for good. He'd been grieving for her loss all along, but now he wouldn't have to worry about seeing her again… Ash shut the door behind him and latched it, then stumbled down the incline to the back door of the cabin, opening it and going inside. He latched the door, locked it behind him and leaned against it, catching his breath. After a moment, he slowly made his way back toward the main room and half-heartedly tossed the saw to the floor of the kitchen. He reached the main room, looking around and finding a towel on the counter, which he used to dab off as much of the blood as he could, then tossed the towel aside. He grabbed the discarded Shotgun from the floor and turned to the rocking chair once more to come up with a plan, but froze as the chair turned toward him. Ash checked to make sure the gun was loaded, it was, and he leveled it at the chair, just in case. He wasn't about to take ANY chances at this point… Too much weird shit had happened. The chair began to rock slowly, and let out a loud creaking sound with each movement, as though someone was sitting in it. Ash felt his heartbeat get faster, how could the chair have someone in it? He found himself asking. Was it, an invisible person? Demon? Thing! Ash slowly let go of the shotgun with one hand, reaching out toward the chair. Just short of him touching it though, it suddenly stopped moving altogether. Ash stopped as well, and realized that he might've been imagining it moving from the start… He backed up, letting the shotgun drop to the floor again and rubbing his head, thinking hard. Was the chair actually moving? He moved over to the corner to the left of the front door, placing his hands against the wall on either side of the head-level mirror hanging there. He stared at himself, at the bags under his eyes, the pale complexion he'd developed from all the horror he'd been through over the course of… \"God how long have I been here?\" a voice asked. Was that his voice? Ash took a deep breath, looking at his own mouth as he spoke into the mirror. \"Get a grip man, you're fine… Everything is… Fine.\" He said, nodding. That is, Ash nodded. His reflection didn't though. The mirror Ash suddenly lunged forward, grabbing Ash by the shoulders as it came right THROUGH the mirror as though it wasn't even solid. Ash was frozen in fear as this reflection of himself stared at him, wide-eyed. \"I don't think so.\" It said. \"We just cut up our girlfriend with a chainsaw… Does that sound… FINE?\" It asked him, then clutched him by the throat and began making laughing sounds, in spite of the fact that it wasn't smiling in any way. The laughter echoed in Ash's mind as the hands clutched his neck, choking him and Ash shut his eyes tightly, then stepped back, but the hands stayed firmly around his neck. He opened his eyes and saw his reflection back inside the mirror, and he also saw his OWN hands around his OWN throat. Ash released himself and looked down. \"What the hell?\" He asked nobody, looking at his hands intently. The bite marks on his right hand looked like they might be getting infected somehow, and Ash wondered a moment if he would turn into a zombie or something, but pushed that out of his mind, that's how it happened in movies… This was… Well, he had no idea if this was reality anymore… Suddenly, the veins around his hand began to show through his skin, and his right hand trembled a bit as the veins turned black. He gasped, and cringed at the pain accompanying the activity. The hand raised up in front of his face, and Ash was confused, as he felt like he wasn't telling the hand to do that… Then suddenly it began jerking back and forth, and his fingernails, to Ash's horror, grew longer, and green, with blackness forming in his cuticles. Ash didn't know what to do, but didn't have long to think about it, as the hand suddenly shot forward into his face, digging the nails into his skin. \"AH!\" Ash screamed, grabbing his wrist with his left hand and yanking it away. It lunged again, but Ash held it fast. \"You bastards…\" He said, almost in disbelief. \"You dirty bastards!\" He shouted, falling to his knees. He watched as his own hand jerked and struggled against his grip, trying to get at him, so he slammed it to the ground, which seemed to stun it. Tears formed in his eyes, he was alone, in the middle of nowhere, with nobody to help him… and now his own body was turning against him. \"Give me back my hand…\" He choked out, then rage replaced terror and he furrowed his brow, growling. \"GIVE ME BACK MY HAAAAAAAND!\" He called out. The hand continued to thrash around though, seeming to get stronger as time went on. Not knowing what to do, Ash got up, rushing to the sink in the kitchen, running cold water over it. He had no idea, but the horror he was experiencing had driven him to child-like reaction, doing as his mother had always told him to do with injuries when he was a boy. Ash left the hand in the running water, which actually seemed to do the trick, as it went limp. He couldn't move it, but it didn't move on its own either… So it was a start. Ash leaned against the sink, his head resting on his left forearm as he tried to come up with a plan. How could he make it out of this if he couldn't even stop the Evil from infecting his body parts? What part would they take next? That thought terrified him too much to allow it to enter his mind any more than that though… Maybe he could take the gun and the saw and try the old trail again- SMASH! Ash's world swam with spots and colors, he stumbled backwards, using his left hand to catch himself before he fell. He saw bits of a glass plate from dinner topple to the floor at his feet, and looked over just in time to see his hand flying at him with another plate. He shut his eyes just as the plate collided with his head like the first and he cried out in pain, feeling blood trickle down his face from the first strike. He caught himself again and blocked the next strike out of sheer instinct, making the plate fall from his right hand's grip and shatter on the floor. The hand instead shot to his hair and yanked his head down into the counter top so hard he felt one of the back teeth on his left cheek crack. He tried to move away from the counter, completely stunned by the ferocity of the attack, but the hand slammed into his stomach, doubling him over, then smashed him in the jaw in an upper-cut. Ash tried to fight back, but the hand grabbed is hair again and flipped him head-over-heels to the floor, on his back. The pain was horrible, and then a bottle shattered over his cranium, knocking his lights out completely. ... The thing in the woods was now the thing in Ashley's hand. It giggled to itself, amused at it's own amazing idea as it reached for the remains of the fallen plate on the floor, but stopped as it spotted something better… During the scuffle, the knife drawer had apparently been thrown open, and a meat cleaver had been knocked onto the floor. It lay a few feet from Ashley's unconscious form, on the other side of the kitchen, by the hallway. The hand skittered as far as it could get, but Ashley's reach wasn't long enough. The hand went to work though, digging it's nails into the floor and pulling with all the force it could muster. Ashley's body slid forward, dragging him along on his belly. Inch by inch the meat cleaver drew closer, and the thing in the woods' blood-lust grew. It still didn't know why this one had been impossible to possess permanently, but in a moment, it wouldn't even matter- Excruciating pain shot through the hand, and the thing in the woods felt it. The butcher's knife was stuck fast into the floorboard of the kitchen, and Ash's left hand clutched it. ... Ash's whole body shook with the pain, but he fought through it, his voice trembling as he spoke. \"Uh huh… That's right… Who's laughing now?\" He asked. His gaze drifted and, in his crazed, pain-soaked brain's state, he saw the Chainsaw on the floor of the kitchen, and it was his salvation. He let go of the knife, leaving his right hand pinned to the floor by it, and ignored the agony as the hand violently tried to rip itself free. He turned the saw over and latched onto the rip-chord grip with his teeth, squeezing the trigger of the saw, hoping it wasn't too cooled down. He yanked his head back and the saw fired up like a miracle. He let go of the chord, looking down at the hand and glared. \"Who's laughing now!\" He demanded again, knowing that the thing in the woods was listening. He revved the saw up full-blast and lowered it onto his wrist, screaming in unbelievable agony as the whirling steel chain tore into his skin and bit through the bone underneath. Blood hit him in the face and he screamed even louder, almost in a battle cry at this point as he finished the job and the hand was ripped free. Somehow, even through the pain of the self-surgical removal of his hand, Ash didn't pass out, and as soon as the hand had been taken off, the pain had actually LESSENED. As though the Evil had become so entrenched into the flesh of that limb, that it hadn't even been part of him anymore. Ash had gotten to his feet and turned on the clothing iron before finding a trash can and placing it over the hand. \"Here's your new home.\" He said bitterly. To make sure it didn't get out, he reached into the bookshelf built into the desk by the kitchen hallway door and grabbed a random stack of books. He placed them on top of the trash can, and couldn't help but stare at the top book. 'A Farewell to Arms' was the title that looked up at him. He shook his head and got to work fixing himself up. Oddly enough, by the time Ash got his stump wrapped up, there was little to no bleeding from the wound, and it reinforced Ash's notion that the possession of his hand had somehow turned it into an autonomous creature, and his arm now just ended at his wrist… It still hurt like a bitch though. He wrapped it in a dry, clean cloth and wrapped the cloth in duct tape just in case, praying he didn't die of some kind of infection after all this. He heard a tapping sound behind him in the main room of the cabin and went out to investigate, seeing the trash can still in place, so he turned to go back to the kitchen. CRASH! CLUNK! Ash spun around and the trash can was laying overturned in the corner, the hand nowhere to be seen. He picked up the Shotgun, knowing the thing was still dangerous even if it wasn't attached anymore. Ash listened intently, and then spotted it scrambling across the floor towards a small hole in the base of the wall. Ash took aim, but it was gone before he could fire. He swore to himself and raised the gun again, moving closer to the wall, listening intently for any sound of the hand. He heard a scraping sound, like nails, as it probably climbed the inside of the wall. He pinpointed it best he could, firing off both shells in the general vicinity. After the deafening 'BOOM! BOOM!' of both barrels, there was silence again. Ash listened, but no more sounds greeted him. A thin trickle of blood did seep from one of the shell holes though. \"Gotcha didn't I, ya little sucker?\" He mumbled. Just as he was about to turn away though, the trickle turned into a spray, and a fire-hose blast of blood began to shoot out of the shotgun holes, knocking Ash right off his feet. He felt it fill up his mouth and spit it out furiously as he tried to regain his footing, but failed. He felt the entire cabin begin to fill up with blood like a fish tank and his head hit the ceiling as he tried to go up for air. Suddenly, the cabin was empty, and all was back to the way it was before, aside from Ash still being soaked in blood, and black goop that had shot out at him. Nothing else was touched by it though. He was furious, the Evil was screwing with his mind, and he was getting sick of it. \"Show yourselves! Ole double barrel here'll blow your balls to kingdom come!\" He shouted, but nothing answered. Ash panted a bit, then moved over towards the chair. \"See if we don't…\" He trailed off, then sat down in the chair, which fell apart under his weight. He toppled to the floor and considered just laying there, until he heard a crackling sound from the wall above the fireplace. Ash's gaze shot towards the source of the sound, finding the deer head was now looking right at him, the eyes were larger, and blank white though. \"HAH!\" It guffawed, and began to bellow out a loud, raucous chorus of laughter at him. He blinked quickly several times, but the deer head was indeed laughing at him… Then a higher pitched laugh joined the Deer, and Ash saw it was the bookshelf doors, flapping open and closed quickly as laughter emanated from it too. He backed away, leaning his back against the front door, but the goose-neck lamp on the side table, next to where the rocking chair had been sitting, began bobbing up and down and laughing a loud, wheezing, cruel laugh as well. Ash turned away from it, trying to ignore it all and wait it out, but it was too much, and soon, every single piece of furniture in the cabin was laughing at him. The noise was deafening, and Ash stood in the center of the room, clutching the Shotgun in his one remaining hand, turning and looking at each of the laughing things, then he heard another laugh, loud and booming and full of cruel humor too. It took him a moment to realize he was the one that had started to laugh last, and he guffawed in such an over-the-top manner that he couldn't help but double-over from the intensity of it. He didn't know why he found this so funny, but his mind was so far-gone that he couldn't stop to figure it out now. Then slowly, as this realization dawned on him, his laughter grew more long-winded and less reverberated, until finally, he was merely letting out desperate, terrified screams, and he was now the only thing in the room making noise. He looked at the furniture, still screaming and daring anything else to even MOVE. The doorknob jiggled. Ash spun toward the front door and let loose with both barrels of the shotgun, punching through the boards he'd used to repair the door earlier. He heard a woman scream on the other side of the door and froze. Who was that? Ash breached the shotgun quickly, popping both shells out, and rapidly reloaded, snapping it shut once more. No sound clued him as to what was out there, so he slowly approached the door, unlocked it, and pushed it open. The wind and sounds of the forest outside greeted him, and for the first time… the forest looked… Normal to him. In spite of his blood-soaked, one-handed state, aside from the chaos that the interior of the cabin looked like… Everything outside seemed normal. A figure darted in, pushed the shotgun upward, and tackled him to the floor. Ash instantly went back to fight mode, punching wildly with his left hand at his attacker, but another man joined him and held Ash's arms down over his head. Ash screamed and pleaded up at the hillbilly-looking man on top of him, but didn't have long to wonder what was happening, as a fist flew at his face and once more, Ash was greeted by darkness, and it seemed as though they were old friends by this point. Annie stormed into the cabin as Ed gave the all-clear. She saw Jake and Ed pulling a third man toward the cellar door, he was raggedy looking, missing a hand, and covered in blood. \"Oh my God… Where are my parents!\" She shouted, then ran inside, looking in the kitchen and peering into the side bedroom. The window was shattered, and there were clothes and suitcases next to the closet, but no sign of her mother and father's things. There was blood though, all over the place. Splattered against the walls, on the floor, everywhere were signs of violence. Annie re-entered the main room and saw Jake tending to Bobby-Joe's injured shoulder, where part of the buckshot had winged her. Annie saw the shotgun, and then she saw the chainsaw… Drenched in blood as well. She rushed over to the unconscious man and grabbed him violently by the shirt collar. \"What the hell did you do to them? WHAT THE HELL DID YOU DO TO THEM!\" She demanded, shaking him hard. He opened his eyes, but it was clear that he was still out of it. Ed came over and pulled her away, hugging her as she began to cry. \"Annie, calm down…\" He said, patting her on the back. \"Maybe they never came here at all. None of the stuff in those suitcases are even their things.\" \"But these are!\" She said, pointing to the ceremonial dagger and tape recorder sitting on the desk by the kitchen counter window. The man on the floor began to stir more now, and Jake knew he was coming around. \"I'm throwin' him in there.\" He said angrily, getting to his feet. Ed went over to the cellar door, where Jake was pointing, and lifted it up. \"Wait… Wait. I made a mistake.\" The stranger said pleadingly as he tried to regain consciousness. \"Wait, don't put me down there… Cheryl…\" He mumbled. Jake yanked him by his arm all the way over to the door, and the stranger stopped himself at the edge, looking up. \"Wait! I made a mistake!\" He said again. \"Damn right you did, you flat-mouthed sumbitch!\" He shouted, then kicked the man in the face, sending him tumbling down the stairs to the floor of the cellar. \"I hope you rot down there!\" Bobby-Joe shouted, clutching her wounded arm. Annie ignored them all, flipping the play button on the tape recorder. The spools began to turn and she listened as her father's voice came through the speaker. \"It has been a few hours since I've translated and spoken aloud the first of the demon resurrection passages from the Book of the Dead, it is now October first…\" \"Listen.\" Annie said to the others. \"This is my father's voice.\" The last time she'd spoken with her father was Thanksgiving last year over the phone, when she'd still been overseas. He told her he was planning to come up to the cabin for a few months to catch up on his work with the book… But Ed had spoken to him on the phone a week ago, hadn't he? \"Now I fear that my wife has become host to a Candaarian Demon.\" Knowby's voice said, trembling as he spoke. \"It is now October Third… Henrietta is… Dead.\" He said. \"No…\" Annie said, her hand covering her mouth in horror. Ash lay at the bottom of the steps to the cellar, staring up at the ceiling. He could see the newcomers moving around upstairs through the hole Cheryl had punched through earlier. He'd heard the yuppie guy call the dark haired one Annie, and remembered the name from Knowby's tapes, that must have been why she was so steamed at him. He lay there though, taking deep breaths to get his senses about him, and tried to figure out what to do. If they got possessed like the others, he'd have one hell of a fight on his hands… \"I could not bring myself to dismember her corpse.\" Knowby's voice continued reluctantly. \"So I dragged her down the steps and I buried her.\" Ash's ears perked up at that, and he looked around. \"I buried her in the cellar.\" Knowby confirmed. \"God help me, I buried her in the Earthen floor of the fruit cellar…\" Ash's eyes darted to the pile of dirt clumped over near the wall and realized with horror what it had been this whole time. Suddenly, the head of an old woman burst up from the dirt pile, worms wriggling out of two holes in her head. Ash screamed and scrambled up the stairs as Henrietta howled inhumanly at him in response, clawing her way up from the hole. \"Someone's in my fruit cellar…\" She said, stepping up onto the solid ground. \"Someone with a fresh soul!\" Ash pounded up against the cellar door, but the chains prevented him from opening it any more than Cheryl had been able to. \"Help! Lemme out, there's something down here!\" He screamed. \"Let him out!\" Annie ordered Jake. \"It's a trick, I know it!\" Jake said, obviously having heard the noise of Henrietta below, but unable to accept it. \"LET HIM OUT!\" Annie shouted, more urgently. \"Open the door!\" Ash shouted again, looking down. Below him, the portly, bloated, rotten form of Henrietta approached the steps. Most of her clothing was rotted away, exposing the horrid remains of her body below, and none of it appeared human. She was mostly sickly green, purple and gray colored now, and her eyes were the trademark white that the Demons had shown up till now. \"Come to me…\" She said, wiggling her finger at Ash in delight. \"Come to sweet Henrietta!\" She said in a sensual voice, in spite of it being warped by the possessing spirit. \"HELP ME PLEASE!\" Ash begged, slamming the door again. Henrietta climbed the first few steps, looking up at him. \"I'll swallow your soul!\" She shouted, then her face contorted even more than it already was, and her neck shot out, stretching and bringing her head toward him, the mouth splitting her cheeks and opening wide to devour him. Ash screamed as two strong hands suddenly clamped down around his head, pulling him upward. He grabbed hold of Jake's arms and was pulled to safety just in time. An instant later, Henrietta's pin-head popped up from below, snarling and spitting horrid Demon bile everywhere. Ash kicked at it and it was knocked back down a bit, but Ed tried to punch at the Demon, and received a strong hand to the face for his troubles. The Demon squeezed his face, clawing him a bit, then shoved him so hard he flew clear across the room and hit his head on the wall, cracking the plaster. Bobby-Joe screamed in horror at the sight of the creature, backing away and hiding behind Annie, who just stared wide-eyed. This was a Candaarian Demon… Just like in the paintings… Ash kicked the cellar door shut on Henrietta's head, and it was caught between the door and the edge of the floor. Ash jumped on top of it and one of Henrietta's eyes burst from the socket, flying out and hitting Bobby-Joe in the face, causing her to scream louder and swipe at herself in disgust. Jake finally kicked Henrietta in the face, sending her toppling back down the steps and allowing the door to shut fully. He and Ash quickly put all their weight on the door and the two of them worked quickly, locking it with the chains once again. For a time, nobody spoke. Annie helped Ed up and sat him down on the couch, pressing her scarf to his head where it was now bleeding. Jake clutched Bobby-Joe to him as she sobbed in fear, and Ash just stood there, unsure of what to do. \"So, name's Ash…\" He said with a small wave. \"Nice to meet ya.\"[Chapter 13] CHAPTER THIRTEEN \"Dead By Dawn\" Ash tossed another log onto the fire, which he and Jake had finished re-lighting by the time he finished his explanation of what happened. \"There's something out there, still…\" He continued, looking at the others. Though he was helping, Jake remained skeptical the entire time, in spite of what he'd just witnessed. Bobby-Joe remained in a constant state of panic, being the weakest one of the bunch mentally, which caused Ash to worry about her chances of withstanding Demonic Possession. \"That witch in the cellar is only part of it.\" Ash said. \"It lives out in those woods, I think it always has. It's something that was brought back from the dead… and it wants to kill every single one of us.\" \"Jake please, can we just get outta here!\" Bobby-Joe begged. Annie looked at her annoyed, and continued to bandage Ed's forehead. He'd been out of it most of the explanation, and she was actually beginning to get fed up with him. After all, Ed hadn't taken that hard of a hit, and she suspected that he might just be milking his injury so he didn't have to help. Not to mention that this guy Ash, whoever he was, seemed much more up to speed, and had to be something special if he was to be believed, and survived everything he'd told them sofar. \"Look nobody goes out that door, not until daylight!\" Ash ordered. \"You listen to ME!\" Jake said, grabbing Ash by his collar. The two looked as though they were about to fight, but a soft, singing voice interrupted everyone. \"Hush little baby, don't say a word, Mamma's gonna buy you a mocking bird. And if that mocking bird don't sing, Mamma's gonna buy you a diamond ring.\" The voice sang. Ash looked, seeing Annie's reaction, and knew EXACTLY what was about to happen… \"Remember that song, Annie?\" Henrietta asked from inside the cellar door. She now looked exactly as she did the last time Annie had seen her, and Annie smiled, relieved to see her alright. \"I used to sing it to you when you were a baby.\" \"Mother…\" Annie said. \"Unlock these chains, quickly!\" Henrietta begged. Annie, so overcome with what she was seeing, instinctively took a step towards the cellar, but Ash grabbed her by the arm. She looked up at him, angrily at first, but saw that haunted look in his eyes… This had happened to him already. She looked down at the cellar again, right at her mother, whom she loved with every fiber of her being, and shook her head. \"No…\" Henrietta's eyes welled up with tears. \"You were born September Second. I remember everything about that night so well, because it was snowing.\" She said. \"So strange, it would be snowing in September.\" Annie shut her eyes, turning away. \"That thing in the cellar is NOT my mother!\" She declared, looking at the others. Suddenly, Ed shot up from the couch and roared a loud, inhuman roar, his entire head stretching vertically and his mouth widening into a massive, tooth-filled maw. He wagged his tongue at Annie, who recoiled in horror and jumped back. Bobby-Joe let out a scream and Jake pushed her behind him defensively. Ed floated up off the floor, his legs kicking out with glee as multiple voices bellowed from his throat, his lips and jaw not moving with it though, as if the voices were shouting from deep inside him somewhere. \"We are the things that were, and shall be again!\" The voices said, giggling and chortling. \"We want what is your's… LIFE! Dead by dawn, DEAD BY DAWN!\" It screamed, then Henrietta began pounding up against the cellar door, chanting along with the chorus of \"Dead by dawn!\" Suddenly, Ed floated across the room, his fingers wiggling at Bobby-Joe and he shoved Jake aside as he passed, then locked his jaws onto a clump of Bobby-Joe's hair. Ed then yanked a tuff of it right off her head in his teeth, she screamed, clutching her head in pain as Ed proceeded to swallow her hair like Spaghetti. \"You sonovabitch!\" Jake shouted, grabbing him by the shoulder. Before he could do anything though, Ed's head spun around 180 degrees and his body followed suit a moment later. He knocked Jake's hand off his shoulder, then grabbed him by the face and flung him straight up into the roof, where he was knocked unconscious by the rafter above. He returned his attention to Bobby-Joe once more, after Jake fell. In the corner, Annie cowered behind Ash, who was frozen in place, until suddenly in a burst of speed… He ran from the room. \"Where are you going?\" Annie demanded. \"Help us, you fucking coward!\" Bobby-Joe backed up against the fireplace wall of the main room of the cabin, Jake shook his head, trying to jerk himself back to consciousness. Henrietta, back in her Demonic form, banged on the cellar door. \"Set me free!\" She demanded. Ed made his way toward her, grabbing hold of the chains, but before he could do anything more, the door to the main hallway burst open and Ash stood there with the axe. Ed spun toward him and snarled. Ash didn't waste a moment, he sprinted across the small space, hefted the axe over his head and shouted a battle cry filled with fury and vengeance, swinging the axe one-handed diagonally. The blade struck Ed's face and cracked his skull, cleaving off a corner of his entire head and sending it flying. Ed clutched his wounded face, but Ash didn't give him a chance to recover, he raised the axe again, bringing it down on Ed's shoulder, driving him down to the floor, where he began hacking mercilessly at his limbs. Behind him, Annie screamed in horror as she watched her fiancé being hacked to pieces. \"We live! WE LIVE STILL!\" The multiple voices bellowed from Ed's mouth. As Ash finally stepped back, panting from the exhaustion, Ed's hacked-up limbs fluttered and twitched on the floor, but his body was done-for. Ash glared down at it, he didn't know the man he'd just killed, so it was easy for him to just focus on it as striking a blow at the Evil Dead themselves. Annie though, she was taking it pretty hard. She cowered in the corner next to the desk and wept softly as Ash approached and placed his hand on her shoulder, trying to comfort her. She turned, looking up at him with tear-filled eyes, and Ash saw himself in her eyes… She looked like he felt, and he knew they were all in this together now. An hour and a half later and the group had secured the cabin yet again. Ed's body was bagged up in a sheet and buried outside, along with Shelly, Linda, Scott and Cheryl, the last two of whom they'd also taken the time to bury, although Ash couldn't be certain which pieces belonged to who. Annie hadn't spoken to anyone since Ed had been killed, but Ash couldn't figure if she was in shock, or just thinking. Jake was doing all he knew how to do, which was complain and spit, as he struggled to keep Bobby-Joe calm; a feat which would have been tough for a man with even a FULLY functional brain. \"Look, I've had enough of this shit!\" Jake finally burst out angrily. \"This place is absolutely fucked, and we best git ourselves to some help!\" \"Where you gonna go for that, slim-jim?\" Ash asked, an irritation building in his voice. Jake scoffed. \"We'll take the trail!\" He shouted, pointing in the general direction of it out the window. \"Oh yeah?\" Ash asked, leaning against the window he was indicating. \"What trail would that be?\" Jake furrowed his brow in confusion, then looked out the window to prove his opponent wrong, but found that he couldn't see the trail at all for some reason. He opened his mouth to speak, then just grunted. \"Like I said, nobody goes out that door 'til daylight.\" Ash repeated. \"You go to hell!\" Jake shouted. \"You done somethin' to that trail!\" \"Oh I did? I snuck off while you were taking a piss and moved some trees around? Get your head out of your ass, you dumb hick!\" Annie stood bolt upright from the desk where she'd been sitting. \"Shut the hell up, all of you!\" The others in the room fell silent, looking over at her as she fumed in their direction. She crossed the room to the fireplace, staring at the cracking and popping flames. \"Fighting each other isn't solving anything, and the more time we waste doing it, the more time whatever is out there has, to plan IT'S next move.\" Ash nodded. \"Well, I'm sort of out of my league here, I don't know anything about this evil, or that book, so what would you recommend we do, boss lady?\" Annie thought for a moment, recounting the details she'd been sorting in her head before Ash and Jake's fighting had interrupted her. \"You said you burned the book, correct?\" She asked Ash, who nodded. \"Nothing is left of it?\" \"Nothing.\" Ash said. \"Was the only way I could stop my sister and my friend from killing me, so please don't say that was the only way to stop this mess.\" \"It might not be…\" Annie said, \"but I don't know everything about Candaarian Rites either. I can translate them, sure, but the actual folklore of it all was my father's expertise…\" She said, trailing off at the end of her sentence as she got slightly choked up. She hadn't really allowed herself to grieve yet for her parents' deaths, and knew it would catch up to her soon. She just hoped that they could get out of this alive first… \"Well he aint exactly around to help us, is he?\" Jake scoffed. \"Well I was thinking about that…\" Annie said, shaking her head at how stupid she what she was about to suggest was. \"If the Demons that Candaarians wrote about really exist, then maybe all the folklore surrounding them was accurate too.\" \"How's that help us?\" Ash asked, intrigued now. Annie turned to him and crossed her arms. \"We can hold a séance, try to contact my father and find out if he knew how to stop this thing once and for all.\" \"Worth a shot, but don't you figure he'd have done it himself if he knew how?\" Ash asked. Annie nodded. \"Maybe he did, but died in the process, maybe you and your friends set it free again when you played the tape.\" Ash nodded back. \"Hell, it's got my vote, just tell me where to light the smelly candles…\" \"Aw hell, this mumbo-jumbo bullshit's a waste of time!\" Jake said, waving a dismissive hand. \"You got anything better, cletus?\" Ash asked. Jake glared at him for a moment, but didn't say anything. \"Alright, lets get to work then…\" Annie said. A few minutes later, the group had gathered the necessary ingredients for their ritual. They'd dug around for all the candles they could find, drawn a circle in the floor, and sat in a circle around it. Jake and Bobby-Joe had even joined in, reluctantly of course, but with nowhere else to turn, they obviously didn't want to be left out. Annie was flipping through pages of her father's notebooks, finding various translated texts and symbols for the ones she needed for the séance, and once she'd found the right ones, she began to chant the Sumerian incantations softly. Across from her, Ash felt a moment of hesitation, the last time someone had spoken this language around him, all his friends ended up slaughtered and his hand had tried to kill him… Though Annie seemed to be much more in-the-know about this hocus pocus than he and his idiot buddies, so maybe… just maybe, she could pull it off. \"Those spirits from beyond our plane, we call out for you to join in our circle this night.\" Annie said, having odd flashbacks to her high school years, hanging out in her darkened bedroom with her girlfriends. \"By the rights of three circles coven, we ask for those that mean us help, and no harm, come to us. All together now.\" She said, then continued to chant. As Annie continued to speak the words, the others joined in, soft at first, then as a group. After a few moments, the room seemed to darken a bit, even moreso than it had been before, and the doorknobs of the room began to jiggle ominously. They continued to chant, but looked around the room with fright each time something moved, as picture frames began to fall from their perches, shattering in the corner, drawers in the dressers slammed open and shut, ghostly footsteps pounded on the roof. \"Father!\" Annie shouted. \"Please come to us if you are there! RAYMOND KNOWBY, THIS IS YOUR DAUGHTER, ANNIE! HEAR MY VOICE AND COME TO US!\" Suddenly, a loud, shrill scream split through the cabin and a pair of hands materialized from thin air in the center of the circle. They were glowing silver-gray, and the group could see right through them, but the real shock came as a face followed, the face of Professor Knowby. \"Father!\" Annie shouted over the noise. Knowby's eyes were all-but invisible, black holes were all that remained, and his cheek-bones overshadowed the sides of his face. His lips looked cracked and dry, and he looked down at his daughter from above the circle. \"Annie…\" He said, his voice shaky, filled with pain. \"I… I could not survive, I'm sorry…\" \"I'm here, dad, it's alright!\" Annie said, tears forming in her eyes. \"We need your help though. The Demon you stopped is back.\" \"Yes…\" Knowby groaned. \"It is a dark spirit, and wants all of your souls. It took Henrietta, but I took my own life before it could claim me as well.\" He said. \"How do we stop it, father?\" She asked. \"Your salvation… lies there…\" He struggled to say, pointing a shaky finger behind Annie, at the side table by the door. She followed his direction, spotting the display case containing her find. \"The pages of the book.\" Knowby confirmed. \"You will be able to find the right passage. Recite it, save my soul…\" He pleaded, then twitched crying out in pain. \"And your own lives!\" He shouted, then suddenly his head tilted back, and he let out another scream, which echoed deafeningly through the cabin, and a burst of light shot out from where he'd been. The candles and the fireplace were all blown out by a gust of wind, and the room was plunged into actual darkness. A moment later, Jake lit a match, using it to ignite a lantern, which he held up. \"Ever'one still alive?\" He asked. The room remained silent, but the others all nodded. \"Good…\" He said, lowering it. \"Jake, you're holdin' my hand too tight…\" Bobby-Joe said, but Jake looked down, confused. \"Baby, I aint holdin' your-\" He began, but stopped, his eyes widening as his gaze went to her hand and she raised it. The others' faces all went wide with horror as Ash's possessed hand clamped onto her palm. Bobby-Joe screamed in terror, flailing her arm around to get it off. She thrashed her whole body and Jake jumped up to help her, but she accidentally knocked the lantern from his grip, shattering it on the floor. Ash quickly jumped up as the others scrambled away from the fire. He snatched a towel from the kitchen counter and soaked it with water from the sink, then rushed back and slapped at the fire with the wet cloth until it finally went out. A moment later, the lights snapped on, thanks to Annie. The group tried to catch their breath, looking around for Ash's evil hand, but found it nowhere in sight. \"Hey…\" Jake piped up from the other end of the room. \"Where's Bobby-Joe?\" He asked. They all looked around again, but just saw the door hanging open… Bobby Joe sprinted blindly through the trees, screaming for help, or just screaming in general depending on one moment to the next. She was snagged and scratched by tree branches, but barely noticed in her panicked state. Suddenly though, one tree root shot up from the forest floor, colliding hard with her ankle and she shot forward, slamming into a tree trunk. She cried out in pain, clutching her ankle, leaning on the tree for support, but recoiled when the bark of the tree moved under her palm. She looked and saw a hideous face form in the wood, and the trunk itself split jaggedly as a fanged mouth. It growled hungrily at her and she screamed again, stumbling backwards in retreat. She almost fell, but caught herself on something, looking up to find that, in reality, she'd actually BEEN caught. A vine had wrapped around her wrist and yanked her back up, her feet just barely off the ground now as more vines shot in from all directions, wrapping around her limbs tightly. She screamed in horror, swatting at the attacking forest in vain, but soon, she was completely bound by the branches, her limbs stretched outward. She screamed so loud she felt her voice crack, but soon it didn't matter, as the vines began pushing into her mouth, blocking any noise from coming out, then she felt more vines shoving into the skin of her face, neck, shoulders, tearing off her clothing as well, plunging into her flesh all over. She felt the vines swirling around and up her thighs as well, felt them shove into her ears, nose, all her orifices. The pain was so unbearable she almost didn't notice when the vines yanked her toward the monster tree, which grinned hideously at her, opening it's \"mouth\" in anticipation. Her eyes bugged from her head as the vines punctured her insides, and the tree swallowed her whole.[Chapter 14] CHAPTER FOURTEEN \"Last Chance\" The display case shattered, and Annie picked the shards aside, pulling the pages free and holding them close to the light so she could see better. Ash looked at them as well, not knowing what they said, but not wanting to feel useless either. Behind them, Jake peered desperately out the window still, regardless of the fact that he'd just been shouting her name from the porch for almost 10 minutes, until they'd pulled him back inside and bolted the door again. \"Where the hell is she?\" He demanded, looking back at them. Ash turned to him sternly. \"If she went out in those woods, you can forget about her.\" He said, then turned back to Annie, holding one of the un-needed pages she was sifting through. Suddenly though, a sharp chill ran up his spine and he shook his head. \"What is it?\" Annie asked, noticing his reaction. \"Just felt like somebody… Walked over my grave…\" He said, then cleared his throat, trying to shake it off. He looked down at the page. \"What's this supposed to be?\" He asked, indicating the picture that took up most of the macabre flesh paper. The picture depicted a man standing between two shattered archways, hefting a spiked weapon over his head victoriously, a headless monster laying at his feet, and another weapon with fire coming from it hung at his side. Behind the man, numerous knights stood, their fists in the air, as though cheering. \"In 1300 AD, they called this man 'the hero from the sky'. He was prophesized to be the one who destroyed the Evil Dead.\" Annie explained. \"Didn't do a very good job…\" Ash muttered, then looked at the page Annie had stopped on. \"Find it?\" She nodded. \"I think I found SOMETHING at least. There's two passages here that concern the dispelling of the Evil Dead…\" She began, indicating a few lines of symbols. \"Recitation of the first passage will force this Evil spirit to manifest itself in the flesh, making it a physical creature.\" Ash frowned. \"Why the hell would we wanna do that?\" Annie pointed at the bottom portion of the page. \"Because recitation of the second passage opens a rift, in time and space, forcing the physical manifestation back to it's source, where it will be destroyed.\" Ash nodded. \"Well alright, can you read it all?\" \"Yes, I just have to-\" She was cut off by the loud 'clack!' of a shotgun breach being closed, and they both turned around to find Jake holding the gun, leveling it at both of them. \"Uh huh… That's right, I'M runnin' the show now.\" He said, a furious scowl on his face. \"We're gonna go out in them woods and look for Bobby-Joe, NOW!\" Ash glared at him and stepped forward. \"No, you idiot, you'll kill us all!\" Jake hesitated, and Ash motioned to Annie. \"Listen to me… Your girl is dead by now, and with these pages, at least we have a chance.\" Ash said, trying to keep his tone even and calm. Jake's face twisted around a moment, and he looked from the window to the pages a few times. Then his scowl returned and he stalked over to Annie, shoving Ash aside, keeping the gun on him as he went. \"Buncha mumbo-jumbo bullshit!\" He said, snatching the pages from her in a tight fist. \"These pages don't mean SQUAT!\" Ash and Annie watched helplessly as he backed up over to the cellar door, keeping the gun on them with one hand as he bent down, opened the door a crack to prop it open with his foot, then shoved the pages down the steps, where they scattered. He quickly moved away from the door again, letting it shut and nodded. \"Besides… Now you aint got no choice.\" Jake said with a growl. \"Now MOVE!\" The clearing outside the cabin seemed smaller, as though the treeline had moved in on them since the last time Annie had been outside. She and Ash moved out onto the grass, their hands in the air as Jake shoved them on. Ash hesitated, she could tell even HE was scared to go out into the trees, and she didn't blame him one bit. \"I said move!\" Jake shouted, then clubbed Ash in the back with the butt of the shotgun. \"You stupid, bastard!\" Annie said in a sharp, but hushed tone, then crouched down, helping Ash to his feet. Ash growled angrily and turned to attack Jake, who held the gun to Ash's chin. \"I'll blow your fuckin' head off.\" Jake warned him. Annie tugged at Ash's shirt, urging him to keep going so she wouldn't be the only sane person left alive with Jake… After another beat passed, Ash turned and continued forward, his hands held up. Annie shot him a thankful look, which he nodded to as they approached the trees. Jake urged them on until they couldn't walk anymore without going fully into the treeline, which even Jake didn't want to do. \"So… No trail, where to now?\" Ash asked, sarcastically. Jake paused, a look of panic on his face, as though his simple mind hadn't thought even THIS far ahead in his plan, which indeed he hadn't. Annie almost felt sorry for him by now, for he was just reacting out of fear for his wife… \"B- Bobby Joe!\" He shouted loudly. Both Ash and Annie looked around in fear, knowing his cries would bring anything nasty right to them. \"Bobby-Joe!\" He shouted again, louder this time. ... They'd left the cabin. The thing in the woods had been waiting all this time, and now it's chance had arrived. It spurred into motion, speeding through the trees towards the voice that cried out, and could smell the fear building among the three survivors. ... \"Bobby-Joe!\" Jake screamed again, shoving past the other two and peering into the trees. \"Stop! You'll get us all killed!\" Ash shouted at Jake. \"Shut your mouth!\" Jake shouted back, clubbing Ash in the stomach with the shotgun, then swinging it upward into Ash's jaw, knocking him off his feet, and out cold. \"Leave us alone!\" Annie shouted, slapping him across the face. \"Get outta here, then!\" He snapped, shoving her down with his hand. \"BOBBY-JOE!\" He screamed again. \"Where are you, girl…\" He mumbled, as the realization dawned on him that she was almost certainly dead, and no amount of screaming would bring her back. He let the gun fall from his grip and fell to his knees, crying. Annie sat up and took hold of the gun, pulling it away from Jake, but he didn't even try to stop her. \"I'm… I'm sorry.\" Jake mumbled. \"I just… She was my whole world.\" Annie's anger with him eased, and she looked around desperately. Ash was unconscious, and she got the feeling that something was approaching… Jake was her only hope right now. \"Come on, lets just go back inside, okay? Help me carry Ash.\" \"She was everything to me… I mean, I aint much to look at, and she was so gorgeous… She loved me anyways though.\" He said, not hearing Annie's urges. Jake pounded his fist on the ground and stood up. \"Fuckin' monsters!\" He shouted at the forest. \"Gimme one shot and I'll kill ya with my bare hands!\" Suddenly, Ash shot up from the ground into a standing position, roaring monstrously. His face looked sunken-in, and his eyes were blank white like the others had been… He was possessed. Annie screamed and recoiled from him, clutching the gun desperately. Jake spun around and attacked Ash, as though he was the Evil Dead itself, which, in a way he was now. He pummeled him with punches, which knocked him back with each swing. \"Take that you bastards!\" Jake shouted in defiance. Evil Ash just laughed, with multiple, deep-throated voices. \"Our turn…\" It chuckled, then grabbed hold of Jake's shirt, and hefted the big man up over his head with his one good hand. Ash cackled evilly, and hurled Jake with all his might, sending him head-first into a tree. Annie had seen enough by now, she pulled the trigger, but the gun clicked uselessly, and she breached it, finding both barrels empty. \"Oh God…\" She said, then looked up to see Evil Ash spin around to her. \"Annie…\" It growled hungrily. She gasped, and sprinted back toward the cabin, still clutching the gun as she ran. She reached the door and slammed it shut just a moment before the stumbling Evil Ash reached the porch. She held the door shut as he pounded violently against it, then bolted the lock. \"ANNIE!\" Evil Ash shouted, then stopped pounding and she heard his footsteps pound off the porch. Annie searched desperately, but couldn't find any sign of the shotgun shells, and realized that Ash probably still had them in his shirt pocket, so she grabbed the Candaarian Dagger instead. She shut off all the lights in the main room, staying still to listen for any footsteps. She heard crunching leaves near the back of the cabin, and made her way down the dark main hall, trying to keep her footsteps as quiet as possible, but the creaky floorboards made it difficult. She reached the back door, and saw the door handle jiggling, trying to keep quiet. She reached for the lock instinctively, but stopped, realizing this could be her chance to get the element of surprise, and kill it. She put her back to the wall to the left of the door, hefting the knife up, ready to strike when the door opened. The knob turned all the way, and the door slowly creaked open, the sound piercing the otherwise silent corridor, and she saw the figure step in. She lunged forward, and it spun around just as she thrust the knife forward into his gut. The figure froze, and clutched the knife in surprise, and Annie hit the light switch, revealing Jake standing there before her, the Dagger sticking out of his stomach. He chortled in pain, and fell to his knees, then onto his side, still holding the handle of the knife. \"N-No…\" She said, looking down at the blood on her hands. \"I… I didn't mean…\" She backed away from the groaning, wounded man, her back hitting the corner of the room. She didn't know what to do, and would have stayed frozen if Evil Ash's hand hadn't plunged through the glass of the window and grabbed hold of her hair through the space between the boards Ash had patched it with earlier. Ash laughed raucously and tried to yank her outside with him, but she screamed and delivered a hard punch to his arm, slamming it against the wooden board. His grip was broken, and she immediately ran to the back door, kicking it shut. Except it didn't shut. A cry of pain told her that she'd just kicked the door into Jake's back, and she looked down to find him blocking the doorway. She cried out in horror and reached down, yanking him clear just as she heard Evil Ash's footsteps on the back porch. She once again kicked the door shut, and latched it this time, unprepared for a fight now. She grabbed Jake by the arms and started trying to pull him back to the main room, where the axe was still leaning against the desk. Jake cried out in agony. \"Goddamn you, woman!\" He screamed. \"Do I look like a fuckin' monster!\" \"I'm sorry!\" She shouted, struggling to heft his weight down the hall. Her blood-slicked hands lost their grip halfway there though, and she slipped, falling onto her rear and dropping Jake roughly to the floor. He screamed loudly again, coughing raggedly as he did. Annie panicked, she knew Evil Ash would be on them again in a moment, and Jake was giving away their position in the house. \"Shut up! SHUT UP!\" She shouted at him, then continued to pull him down the hall. After a few excruciatingly loud, and painful minutes, they finally reached the main room of the cabin, and Annie managed to put Jake up against the front wall, in a position that didn't cause him agony. \"Get… Get the axe…\" Jake said weakly. \"Kill him when he comes back…\" Annie's eyes stung with tears, this was the only person left alive besides her, and she'd probably just killed him by the back door… She grabbed the axe and hefted it up, trying to anticipate where Evil Ash would be coming next. \"Check the windows he's probably-\" The cellar door suddenly burst open, and Henrietta screamed in delight, reaching out. She grabbed Jake by the shoulders, and he cried out in terror, trying to hold onto the window sill, but Henrietta was strong, and being stabbed hadn't helped him out much… She grabbed him on the sides of the head and yanked him head-first under the cellar door, giggling and morphing her head into that of the demonic one that had attacked them earlier. \"NO!\" Annie screamed and rushed toward Jake to help him. Jake cried for help, pleaded for her to save him, but the Demonic old woman in the basement was too strong, and his whole upper-body was soon vanished below the door. Annie wouldn't let go though, and screamed as a torrent of blood shot from below the cellar door all over her. Somewhere in her mind she knew that Jake had stopped screaming, and couldn't imagine what would be left of him if she DID manage to pull him free, so finally, she let go, and he was yanked down into the cellar, a trail of blood and chunks of flesh left behind on the floor behind him. \"Oh God no!\" She said, backing away from the cellar in horror. There was nobody else left now… The breeze from the open front door was cold against the warm blood covering her now and… The front door was open. She spun around to get the axe, but Evil Ash was standing right there, and grabbed hold of Annie's shoulders. She screamed and fought hard, scratching and punching him with all her might, but Evil Ash simply picked her up, whipping her through the air into the wall. Annie's body hit the floor hard, and Ash cackled evilly, eyeing her fallen form. The bare legs, the blood-soaked shirt… \"Oh yeah…\" He growled in anticipation, and moved toward her. He lunged at Annie, who started swatting and screaming, trying desperately to fight him off. Evil Ash was too strong though, and giggled in delight as his hand ripped at her shorts, trying to shred them off her. \"No, no no!\" She begged. \"Please don't!\" Annie kicked as hard as she could, knocking him back a bit, but he was on her again in an instant, pressing his right forearm into her throat, and tugging her now undone shorts down. She screamed a shrill, desperate cry, reaching for anything to defend her self with. She whipped books, papers, pencils, anything she could at him. Finally, a small, silver chain was in her grip, and she swung it as hard as she could. It struck Ash in the face, cutting him across the lips diagonally. He grunted angrily and she swung again, but he grabbed her attacking arm with his left hand, striking her across the face with his wrist-stump. Her eyelids fluttered and she passed out. He looked to her hand, finding a necklace in her clutches, and picked it up curiously. Something inside him stirred at the sight of it, and a realization came over him. 'Linda…' Something inside said. \"No…\" Ash said, clutching the necklace tighter now. Not another one. He would NOT kill someone else that he cared for. \"NOT AGAIN!\" His real voice screamed. Evil Ash fell to his knees, and his face contorted painfully, his eyes regaining their pigment. \"AAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!\" He screamed in fury, then fell forward, suddenly in control of his body once again. Ash rose back up to a kneeling position, cold sweat beading from his brow, and he tried to catch his breath, looking at the necklace, then down at Annie, and he realized how foolish he'd been. Linda had been his first love, but Linda was gone now… and he cared very much about Annie for some reason… Maybe the man he'd become was uncontrollably attracted to the strong, capable woman she'd become, but whatever the reason, Ash felt like he HAD to keep Annie alive. 'CRASH!' The head of the axe collided with the floor-boards just to Ash's left, and he jumped away from it in fear. He looked behind him to find Annie there, conscious, and wielding the weapon like a warrior woman. Ash pressed his back up against the wall next to the couch, holding out his hand and stump to Annie. \"No! No wait, wait!\" He shouted, but she didn't stop, she screamed in fury and swung the axe horizontally at him. He ducked just in time, and the head smashed into the wall where HIS head had been a moment before. Ash lunged forward, wrapping his right arm around her body and grabbing her axe-holding wrist with his good hand. \"I'm alright now, I'm alright!\" He shouted. \"That thing is gone now!\" He released her, and she fell into a sitting position. He let her keep hold of the axe, and backed away, his heart feeling like it was going to pop out of his chest from his near-death experience… (a feeling he was creepily getting used to now). He backed away, leaning against the wall once more to catch his breath, but suddenly the axe slammed into the wall next to him once more. Annie thought the Evil Dead was using Ash to screw with her. \"Damn it, I said I was alright!\" He shouted angrily. He knocked her hand off the axe handle, leaving it sticking out of the wall, then grabbed her face with his good hand, forcing her to look into his eyes. \"Are you listenin' to me? Do you hear what I'm saying!\" He demanded. \"I'm ALRIGHT!\" Ash shouted. He then realized that he must look insane right now, so he released her again, still locking eyes with her and pointing at his chest. \"I'm alright…\" He repeated, calmer this time. Annie stared at him, tears in her eyes, and she buttoned her shorts once more. Ash remembered what he'd almost done, and didn't blame her for being so quick to hack him up. She finished fixing her clothes and glared at him. \"Okay maybe you are… But for how long?\" She demanded. If Ash had been on the fence before, he now was sure that he liked this girl… She didn't play into the bullshit, and in some way, she'd seen through the Evil Dead's games faster than he had the night before. Was she right? Was he just temporarily released? This wasn't the first time he'd been possessed, then let go… But was he even really free right now, or had the others all thought they were okay when they'd looked like themselves again? Ash couldn't know for sure. \"Listen,\" Annie said, snapping him back to attention and placing a comforting hand on his cheek. \"We need those pages if we're gonna get out of this alive.\" Ash looked at her a moment. \"Yeah… You're right.\" He said, eyeing the cellar door. \"So let's get ourselves ready, head down into that cellar… and carve ourselves a witch.\" Down below, Henrietta heard them as she picked the last of the meat from Jake's bones… and she cackled in amusement. Another pair of fresh souls to eat. \"How delightful.\" She said, then burst out another guffaw of laughter.[Chapter 15] CHAPTER FIFTEEN \"Witch Hunt\" The work-shed door burst open, and two flashlight beams fell across the blood-soaked work benches that Ash had done his best to clean off earlier. Ash was beyond caring about such things now though, and simply dragged his hand across the bench, shoving aside the drying crusty remains of Linda, shoving old screws, wrenches and hammers aside to clear a space to work with. Annie hit the light, so they set aside their flashlights, and a rat scurried away from the humans invading his meal time. Ash heaved the chainsaw up onto the bench, and Annie passed him the screw-gun. An hour passed as Ash and Annie worked together opening the saw up, and Ash used his knowledge of motors to re-rig the trigger mechanism, attaching a piece of metal, and cable to it. This he fed through the body of the saw and connected it to the rip-chord, effectively making the tool one-handed. After this was completed, Ash found an aluminum pipe-clamp, and screwed the clamp into the back of the chainsaw itself. He then stuck his wrist in, and screwed it tightly to his forearm. Annie meanwhile had been rigging up a series of leather straps to her father's old shotgun scabbard that they'd brought from the cabin. When she finished, Annie helped Ash don the harness, and attached a V-hook to the front, near Ash's right shoulder, which he hooked the pull-chord handle of the chainsaw into. Finally, the two looked at one-another, and Annie nodded to him. \"Go for it.\" She said, hopeful that their plan would work. Ash hooked the pull-chord handle into the V-hook once again, and yanked downward with all his might. The saw sputtered loudly, then did nothing. Ash grimaced, but re-hooked it and yanked down once more, with the choke all the way up. The mechanism inside did it's duty this time, and the saw roared to life, the blade jerking as the chain spun. Ash raised it and let it idle a moment to make sure it wouldn't die, then extended his arm, making the engine roar and the chain spin once again. He smirked and nodded, satisfied. Annie meanwhile had gotten the steel saw and finished sawing off 6 inches from the tip of the double barrel shotgun, handing it to Ash. He held the gun aloft, testing the new weight. Satisfied that he could much more easily wield it one-handed, he spun it a few times on his finger, then stuck the gun into the scabbard on his back. \"Groovy.\" He said. They were ready. Back inside the cabin, Annie hefted the axe up, as she had proven herself quite effective with it before, and Ash fired up the chainsaw once again. Jake had the keys to the cellar door on him when he'd been taken down by Henrietta, so he shoved the blade of the saw right through the boards of the door, slicing down the middle. When he'd gotten through, he retracted his arm, letting the saw idle once again, and then kicked hard, shattering the door inward. Ash and Annie readied themselves in case Henrietta came at them, but all was silent in the cellar. They looked knowingly at one-another, and Ash stepped down onto the staircase. She was gonna make them come to her. Ash slowly descended, the chainsaw putting softly on the end of his arm, his muscles straining to keep it aloft as he made his way down. His eyes darted all over the cellar, the layout familiar to him by this point. He spotted one page at the bottom of the steps, so he scooped it up and tucked it into his shirt quickly. He looked around, but nothing moved to attack him, so he kept on moving. Ash spotted another page next to the door on the opposite end of the cellar, the one leading to the room where he and Scotty had found the book and the tape recorder. Ash carefully stepped around the pools of blood that had been collecting in the cellar floor since last night, and kept turning quickly to lessen the chances of being ambushed from behind. He revved the saw every once in awhile to keep it from shutting off, but this put him on edge, as it cut down on his ability to hear well in the otherwise silent basement. The door creaked loudly as usual when Ash tugged it open. He peered inside, saw nothing, so he scooped up the couple pages laying on the floor. He was about to head back to the stairs, when he saw them… The last two pages, on the floor, at the opposite end of the second room, next to Knowby's desk. Ash looked over his shoulder at the seemingly empty basement behind him, then back into the other room. This entire thing would be for nothing if he didn't get all the pages, so he stepped inside, revving the saw again to hopefully intimidate Henrietta if she was watching and waiting. Each step was agonizing, every bit of ground he crossed in the cellar felt like he was walking deeper and deeper into a trap, but he had no choice. He suddenly spun around to face the way he'd come, revving the saw once more… But only silence greeted him when he let the saw idle again. Ash waited a moment, then backed up the last few steps to the corner until he felt the desk behind him. He kept his eyes on the room, intently as he crouched down to pick up the pages, feeling around on the cold stone floor. He felt something and his fingers sought it out, but it wasn't the pages… It felt gooey. Ash looked down in horror to find that there, stuffed behind the desk, was the partially devoured corpse of Jake, flesh stripped almost completely down to the bone now. Ash recoiled and wiped the gore from his hand, then grabbed the pages, which were still laying on the ground next to the desk. He snagged them up, stuffed them into his shirt with the others, then immediately headed back towards the door, passing through it, and ducking under the gourds, still hanging from the ceiling. He passed the burned out projector, the blood puddles from his previous night of horror, and reached the staircase once again. \"The pages!\" Annie said in a hushed, but excited tone, setting the axe aside to reach down for them. Ash folded them in half and then tossed the small stack up to her, quickly turning back to the room as he heard something heavy fall towards the back of the room. \"Hurry up, Annie…\" Ash said, making his way backwards up the staircase. Upstairs, he heard Annie starting to recite the words of the first passage, and for just a moment, he considered the fact that they MIGHT have pulled this off… He should have known better. A beastly screech sounded from below him, and Ash felt two strong, clawed hands seize him by the ankles, having reached out from beneath the stairs. Ash cried out in surprise and pain as the hand squeezed his injured ankle, then Henrietta yanked his feet through the gap between steps, toppling Ash face-first down the staircase, where he hit the ground HARD. The Chainsaw revved, but the dirt floor caused it to choke, and die. Ash groaned in pain, but felt the hands yanking him back even further and pulled him all the way through the stairs into the darkness below them. Upstairs, Annie heard Ash cry out, then heard his Chainsaw die, but kept reading, until she heard the staircase smash into pieces and a dull 'Thud!' of someone hitting the wall downstairs. She froze, looking at the cellar doorway. \"A-Ash?\" She said, slowly moving toward the Axe she'd set aside to get the pages. Suddenly, Henrietta's monstrous, bloated, rotting form shot up from the cellar, floating in mid-air. She screeched at Annie, who screamed in fear, and tried to retreat into the kitchen to keep reciting the passages. She only made it a few steps though, and a hand clamped down on her hair from above. She cried out in pain and looked up to find Henrietta hovering above her head, floating in the air. Annie thrashed to try and break free, but it was impossible, as Henrietta yanked her all over the cabin's main room by her hair, laughing insanely. \"What fun!\" She shouted. Ash pushed himself up, shoving the broken staircase boards off himself. His left sleeve had been ripped completely off, and Henrietta had clawed him down the left side of his chest, but the wounds were minor scratches, nothing compared to the anguish he'd already suffered. Something inside Ash shifted, and the pain of his injuries was pushed aside. A fury and will to fight welled up inside of the man, and he reached up as high as he could, gripping the lip of the cellar door, then hefting the heavy chainsaw up, using it's weight and his left hand's grip, pulling as hard as he could and climbing up from the cellar. He groaned and grunted, finally getting up out of the basement to see Henrietta tormenting Annie without mercy. He'd had enough. Ash whistled loudly and Henrietta's head turned toward him, roaring angrily. She released Annie's hair and her body swung around in the air to face Ash, who jerked his head in a 'come hither' motion. \"Let's go.\" Henrietta roared again and shot through the air toward him like someone had fired her from a cannon. Ash re-hooked the pull-chord of the saw and fired it up, but Henrietta landed on the floor in front of him and caught him by the wrist mid-swing. She shoved him back into the wall and lunged teeth-first at him, but Ash was faster. He drove his boot straight into Henrietta's massive bloated stomach and heard something burst inside it, and some kind of goop started plopping to the floor from beneath her shredded dress. He then hefted the saw over his head and slammed it down on top of Henrietta's skull, knocking her to the floor. A cacophony of garbled, mangled noises emitted from her mouth and her head morphed once more into the Demonic creature she truly was. Her neck shot up and curved around like a snake, now letting her head tower over Ash, who could only stare as she did. \"I'll SWALLOW YOUR SOUL!\" She screeched, and her head shot down to do just that. Ash simply balled up his fist though, and drove it right into the side of her face, knocking it off-course. He revved the saw up and swung with all his might, but Henrietta's body stepped out of his arm's length, and her head slammed down into his, knocking him dizzy. Ash looked up as Henrietta prepared to strike again, but then they both heard Annie's voice. \"Hush little baby, don't say a word…\" She sang, and Henrietta's body froze. The long neck turned, and her monstrous face seemed to soften a bit, almost looking sad. \"Momma's gonna buy you a… Mocking bird.\" Annie said, trying not to stammer. Ash meanwhile stepped behind Henrietta, seizing the opportunity Annie had given him, and revved the saw full-blast, thrusting it right through Henrietta's back and out her chest, spraying blood and gore everywhere. Henrietta howled in agony and Annie swung the axe, clubbing her flopping head back toward Ash, who punched it down to the floor. He then swung the saw vertically, lopping off one of her arms, then the other. He then side-stepped and swung the saw once more, cleaving right through her neck and spraying more blood all over the front wall of the cabin. The head plopped down on the floor next to him and dribbled blood from it's neck and mouth as it flopped like a fish. \"Hey!\" It shouted. \"I'll swallow your soul!\" Ash stomped down on the neck, stopping it's flopping, and pulled the shotgun from the holster on his back. \"Swallow this.\" 'BOOM!' The shotgun blast echoed through the silence of the cabin and then all was quiet once more. Henrietta's body toppled over and didn't move again. Ash blew the smoke off the tip of his gun, then re-holstered it on his back. He then turned at the sound of Annie sobbing, spotting her leaning against the desk, almost falling over from the quivering in her shoulders. He's just dismembered and killed her mother right in front of her… Demon yes, but it still had to hurt. He made his way over to her and placed a hand on her shoulder. She looked up at him, trying to control the sobs. \"I… It just hit me. Sorry.\" Ash nodded. \"It's alright, let it out, kiddo.\" He said. Annie threw her arms around him and pulled him close, sobbing hard for another few moments, then her sobs slowed, her shoulders stopped shuddering so much, and she pulled back, looking up at him. She still had the grief on her face, but there was a sort of peace in her eyes. Ash felt that same sensation and tried to muster the best smile he could for the situation… Annie leaned her face toward his, and closed her eyes, and Ash couldn't help but do the same. Suddenly though, the calm silence was shattered as the ENTIRE cabin shuddered like a giant had just kicked the side wall. The two were thrown off-balance by the hit, and looked around in confusion. \"Oh God.\" Annie said. \"What? What is it?\" Ash asked, then another massive hit rocked the cabin in the other direction. \"I only read the first of the passages, to make the Evil a thing of the flesh!\" Annie shouted over the deafening noise, as more and more THINGS hit the cabin, smashing it so hard the wood started to crack. Ash feared the whole place was coming down on top of them, and the furniture slid all over the place, threatening to knock them over. \"Hurry up and read the second one! NOW!\" Ash shouted, then felt the tingle in the back of his head… It was coming. ... The thing in the woods was angry. It was experiencing something it was not accustomed to, and was NOT willing to let go unpunished… It was in pain. The agony of being ripped from a spiritual form and bonded to the very forests it mastered like a puppeteer was immeasurable. The thing in the woods rushed toward the front of the cabin, feeling a BODY forming around it, the bark of the trees lunging toward it and wrapping around it's essence, the texture of it morphing into flesh, and with it came new agonies. It could feel everything… and the thing in the woods wanted blood for this insult. ... Ash spun as the front wall of the cabin shattered, and a monstrous face shoved itself through the gap. It was horrible to look at, puss-covered flesh, raw like an open wound was what made up it's 'skin', if one could call it that… It's eyes were open sores full of ever-seeping white fluid, the center of which held a purple sack of purplish sludge. The mouth was a vast maw of teeth, rows upon rows of them, like a shark's, and dotting the face like little white heads, were the faces of those that the Evil had taken. Henrietta, Cheryl, Shelly, Linda, Scotty, Bobby-Joe, Jake, all of them were there. Ash felt a squeezing sensation on his heart, like the mere sight of it was shaving years off his life, and his mind was buzzing with incomprehensible terror of this thing before him. He backed away from it, grabbing hold of Annie to stop her from turning too. \"Don't look at it, Annie, just keep reading. Get rid of it!\" He shouted in desperation. \"CANDAAR! IGRATO! CANDAAR!\" Annie shouted over the massive boomings of the trees outside pounding on the cabin, the shattering windows, the crunching of the cabin's foundation. Ash revved up the chainsaw, facing the creature without a HINT of bravery left… He was terrified, but with nowhere to go, he chose fight, not flight. \"IGIDIDE, ACADEEM- UGH!\" Annie shouted behind him. Ash spun around, seeing Annie reaching behind herself, a wide-eyed expression of horror on her face as she toppled forward, revealing Ash's possessed hand clutching the Candaarian Dagger… Which was jammed into Annie's back. It hopped off the knife and scurried away as Ash rushed over to her. \"NO!\" He screamed. Outside, Annie's words had been getting results, flashes of lightning and a mighty wind whipped through the woods, shaking all the trees, possessed or otherwise, and making Ash's car shudder, groaning in protest as a swirling vortex began to form in mid-air just behind the massive hulking form of the Evil Dead's flesh form. It was ignorant of what was happening though, because Annie couldn't finish the spell, and the vortex would not be able to pull it in. \"WE'VE WON!\" A chorus of demonic voices shouted, coming from deep inside the maw of the Evil Dead, and from the mouths of it's victims all over it's face. \"VICTORY IS OURS!\" Ash clenched his jaw, holding Annie as she looked up at him weakly, her hair blew wildly in the gusts of wind, and she gripped the pages of the Necronomicon tightly in her hand. Ash laid her down gently on her side, turning to once again face the Evil Dead creature. He revved the chainsaw and rushed at it, swiping across it's face and carving a massive bloody gash just under it's eye. Purple blood sprayed from the wound, hitting Ash, but he ignored it, and shouted a battle cry, shoving the saw right into the monster's eyeball. Another gush of purple blood flowed from it's pupil and it screeched in a deafening cry of pain. A massive hand punched through the ceiling of the cabin, grabbing hold of Ash, but he held fast, revving the saw full-blast in the creature's eye socket, determined to cause it as much pain as he could before it took him. He felt the hand clamp down around him and could barely breath as it pushed Ash toward it's mouth, chomping it's teeth eagerly. Ash ripped the saw out and swung it vertically down in front of him, ripping through the fingers of the creature, crippling it's hand. \"Ackamemnon! Ackadeem!\" Annie shouted weakly from the floor. \"Candaar, Candaar!\" She struggled, but her strength gave out, and the pages flew from her grip in the strong wind. She rested her face on the wood floor of the cabin, unable to even lift it anymore. Ash's feet hit the ground again, and he revved the saw full blast once more, preparing another assault. \"Can…daar…\" Annie mumbled out, almost inaudibly in the noise around her, but it was enough. Ash saw his car fly up into the air and plunge into the swirling vortex, but it wasn't alone. The creature screeched, locking it's one good eye with Ash's eyes, and he stared it down defiantly as it was pulled back. Desperately, it clung to the cabin like a life-line, but the cabin would be ripped up too from the pull of the vortex. Ash struggled against the powerful suction, making his way to the creature's remaining hand, clamped down around the fireplace. He raised the chainsaw, gunned the engine, and sawed straight down through it's fingers. The creature let out one final scream of anger, and was sucked back away from the cabin and into the vortex, where it exploded into billions of pieces, and then burned to ashes, which vanished into the void. Ash stumbled over to Annie's form, struggling over the roar of the vortex as he lifted her up. \"You did it, kid!\" He turned her over, but saw her eyes fluttering, and blood seeping from the corner of her mouth, and knew she was in bad shape. Ash felt his heart sink. \"No, not you too…\" Suddenly, the wind kicked up extra hard, and Ash felt his body lurch from it. The rest of the cabin wasn't moving, Annie wasn't moving, but he was being pulled into the vortex now too! \"What the hell!\" He shouted, lunging for the kitchen countertop, and his legs were pulled out from under him. Ash screamed in pain as he felt like his fingers were going to be ripped off. The Chainsaw's weight almost pulled him back, but he whipped it forward, and wedged it between the counter and the pass-through window. \"For god's sake, how do you stop it!\" He shouted, but Annie had gone limp, probably dead. Then, Ash realized what had happened. He had a piece of the Evil Dead inside him. He had been possessed, and that had tainted his soul, so the vortex wanted him too, it had to purge ALL of the Evil Dead before it would close… Ash felt the cabin itself shudder once again, and knew the vortex would take the whole thing if it couldn't have him… Ash closed his eyes tightly, let go with his hand, and now only held on by the chainsaw blade wedged into the counter. He said a prayer for himself, and begged all his dead friends for forgiveness… Then yanked the saw free. He screamed and tumbled through the air, spinning around and around toward the endless vortex in front of the cabin, not knowing what awaited him inside. He felt his body hit the other side of the void and his whole being was jerked violently as he tumbled through the vortex into endlessness. Blackness engulfed him and brilliant, blinding lights flashed at him from all directions as he spun. Then, there was no sound at all as he fell. He felt himself still screaming, but no sound could be heard, and he just fell into the inky blackness… Nothing left to do, no way out. Then, he felt nothing, no falling, no pain, nothing. He didn't even feel his body anymore, and couldn't see anything except whiteness around him. The only thing Ash J. Williams felt now, was an odd sense of calm, he knew, and had accepted, that for him, this was… THE END. EPILOGUE A flash of light, or rather the flash of the VANISHING of light. The whiteness was gone, Ash could feel his body once more, and he was falling again. Not in a void though, he felt gravity and wind hitting his face. Then he opened his eyes, and saw the ground coming up at him. He hit the ground hard, face-down, and violently, feeling like he may have bruised one of his ribs as he bounced, landing on his back, finally coming to a stop. \"Ugh…\" Was all he could muster, coughing to regain his ability to breath. He gasped for air, finally managing to get enough to assure himself he wasn't going to suffocate. He opened his eyes, but the sunlight above stung, due to the amount of time he'd been in the dark… Where the hell was he? After a few moments, Ash pushed himself up into a sitting position, realizing he heard people and horses around him. Ash looked around, finding dead men scattered all around where he'd landed. \"Where the hell…?\" He mumbled. He found himself standing in the middle of what almost looked like a rock quarry, a high-rising cliff edge was a few hundred yards away from him, and the ground was all made of dirt and rock. He thought he could see some kind of stone blocks underneath the dirt though… Suddenly, a group of men came running toward him, and the first thing Ash noticed about them was that they were, from head-to-toe, dressed in armor, and the second thing he noticed was, they all had swords pointed at him. Behind the men in armor, a man in robes, with a long white beard, came riding up on horseback. Ash held his hand up defensively at the knights surrounding him, still pointing their weapons at him. \"Slay the beast!\" The bearded man commanded. \"I sense evil within his soul!\" \"Tis a Deadite!\" One of the knights shouted, and motioned to the others to all prepare to stab Ash. \"Woah! Easy now! I'm not!\" Ash pleaded, but they ignored him. What they DIDN'T ignore though, was the beastly screech that came from the sky behind them. The knights all spun around quickly, spotting a winged creature flying straight toward them. It looked like a snake with wings, forearms and a spiked tail. The bearded man on the horse kicked his feet to urge his mount to flee from it, and the knights all forgot about Ash. \"Retreat! Back to the castle!\" One shouted, and they took off. Ash frowned. This wasn't right. The Evil Dead shouldn't be here… The vortex was supposed to kill it. He stood up defiantly, pulling the shotgun from the scabbard on his back and leveling it at the fast-approaching monster. It's forearms reached out and it's jaw opened hungrily. Ash stood firm, waiting until the right moment, and then, when it was merely a few yards away, he fired. 'BOOM!' The shell exploded the creatures head in a violent splatter of bone and blood, and the creature's body tensed, sending it gliding to the ground, where it crashed, skidding to a stop just in front of Ash's feet. He looked down at it and spit on it's corpse. Behind him, he heard gasps, and clanking armor, so he turned to face the knights who had started to flee, and then he noticed a few more things… His car was laying a few yards away from him, looking like it had fallen from the sky too, there were many more knights in armor, all wearing blue decals on their chest pieces, and the bodies around him were wearing red ones, and above and behind them, was a massive castle, nestled into the side of a cliff. The man with the beard got down off his horse and slowly approached cautiously. He walked with a large staff now, and eyed Ash curiously, but only for a moment, then his eyes widened with realization. \"Hail he who has come from the skies to deliver us from the terrors of the Deadites! HAIL!\" All around the bearded man, the knights began punching their fists in the air. \"HAIL!\" they shouted with each pump of their fists. Ash too widened his eyes in realization… also terror. He looked around and saw on either side of him two shattered columns, looked down at the creature, facing away from the army of knights behind him. \"No…\" He mumbled. \"No.\" He repeated. \"NO!\" Ash screamed, turning back to them. \"NO!\" He insisted, but the knights all kept chanting. \"NOOOOO!\" Ash screamed in protest, but he knew they weren't listening. He knew there would be no ending for him, because like Annie said… 'The hero from the skies' had to destroy the Evil. And that was him now. ","Summary":" The Evil Dead CHAPTER ONE \"S-Mart to Damnation's Road\" \"Ash, price check, Aisle three. Price che"},{"Movie":"Evil Dead Army of Darkness","Title":"Evil Dead: Dead of Night","Author":"Broken Blade","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9210316","Passage":"[Chapter 1] EVIL DEAD: DEAD OF NIGHT Chapter 1 There are dark places in the world. Small, shadowy crevices and monstrous hollow caverns, all hidden away from sight—in the mountains, in the forests, in deserts and cities, and there are places full of darkness within each of us, lurking in our hearts and minds, waiting to swallow us forever into their hideous depths. \"Mia. Mia, we're here, sweetie.\" The small, auburn haired girl had fallen into one of those dark places, and was on the verge of being lost forever in an eternity of lightless oblivion. So deep had her desperation become, before being carried off into sleep by the steady rumble of the Jeep's engine, she faintly caressed the morbid hope that maybe this time…she wouldn't wake up. For a moment, she thought the voice that roused her belonged to her mother. Even as the impossibility of that thought dawned upon her, she still imagined opening her eyes to a picture out of the past, when her family was still complete and she wasn't a useless piece of junkie trash. \"Come on, Mia, wake up,\" Olivia prodded again, shaking her pale friend from slumber. \"You should eat something. You've been out all morning.\" It broke Olivia's heart to see her once best friend in such an awful state. The girl's skin was so white it was nearly translucent, and her eyes looked tired and yellow all the time. She had easily lost twenty pounds from her already petite frame, making her look as though even a slight wind could topple her. \"I'm not hungry,\" Mia answered, fumbling for the door handle and stepping out. Her friend Eric was already standing in front of the Jeep, stretching off the tension of the ride and scratching his scruffy blonde beard. \"Well,\" he said, \"this is…nice.\" He was as full of shit as ever. It had actually been a while since she had seen either one of her friends before they managed to track her down and force another awkward intervention. While his appearance might have changed with the growth of his long hair, he was still the same old geek she had always known. As if seeing it for the first time, Mia gazed around the clearing. Grey clouds blotted out the sun overhead, making the surrounding woods feel closer, somehow more sinister. A sense of vertigo hit her momentarily. The world spun and it looked as if the tips of the trees were about to topple down around her. She exuded an almost conscious effort not to look at the cabin, but her gaze inevitably drifted toward its worn wooden face. The windows on either side of the door looked like giant empty eyes. Her arm suddenly started to itch at the joint. The few tracks she had accrued had largely healed and were almost completely gone, but they still burned for the poison she'd let herself come to need. \"Hey, you okay?\" asked Olivia. Mia nodded. \"I'm fine. I think I'm going to go around back for a while. It's just…I haven't been here in so long. It's a lot to take in. Do you guys mind?\" \"No, go ahead. We'll wait for David out here.\" Mia grabbed her bag and started for the back of the house, stopping at the corner of the front porch. \"Do you think he'll show?\" \"Of course, honey. He's your brother. He wouldn't—\" \"No, not…I'm not talking about David.\" \"Oh. I don't know. We'll see.\" Unsatisfied with the answer but determined not to make it obvious, Mia nodded faintly and walked off. When she was out of sight, Olivia shot Eric a wicked look. \"What?\" he said defensively. \"I still can't believe you invited him up here.\" \"He had a right to know. The poor guy was going crazy when Mia disappeared. Besides, he's our friend, too.\" Olivia sighed. \"I just don't know if it's a good idea for them to be together through this. The last thing she needs right now is extra stress. You haven't seen it when it gets really bad. One wrong thing and she could snap.\" \"What she needs is people who care about her, and nobody cares more than him.\" \"How do you figure that?\" \"I figured it around the time when he was calling me every day asking if we had any news about her. When I told him she was back on that shit I thought he was going to lose it. So yeah, I think he should be here.\" Defeated, Olivia crossed her arms and kicked the dirt. \"Yeah, well, you better hope nothing goes wrong.\" Eric was glad the argument had ended there, but the ensuing silence filled him with an unexplainable dread as the woods around them groaned in the wind. XXXXX \"Shit,\" Rick Taylor said as he came to a stop where the road intersected with a rocky stream flowing down out of the hills to the west. For hours he'd been regretting his decision to ride his motorcycle on such a long trip, and the unfavorable roads were the least of his mounting unease. It was deep wilderness out there. Everything seemed inhospitable, and he couldn't get his sick worry for Mia out of his head. The farther into the woods he rode, the heavier the feeling in his gut became. The thought of her going through something so hard and potentially dangerous way out in the middle of nowhere seemed wrong to him. There was no cell reception or internet so far out, and the last working phone resided at a gas station miles back. Rick didn't like it one bit. After making the decision to go, he'd jumped on his bike largely on impulse. Forgetting the fact that he would have had to borrow a vehicle, he still thought his motorcycle would allow him to travel faster. Looking at the sky, he wished he had thought about the weather. The temperamental bike was a handful even on city streets. He did not feel the need to test its limits on rough terrain. In any case, he was stuck with it. He took one last look across the stream where the road wound up into the hills, disappearing into the darkness of row upon row of sharp green pine. The sky overhead was crowded with angry looking clouds. The last thing he needed was rain. For the moment, all he cared about was getting to Mia, so he cranked the throttle and started across. Thankfully, the water was barely heel deep, but it still splashed up as he rode across, soaking through his jeans. Oh, this is real nice. Fresh air, the open road, a fifty-mile wedgie. Come on, what are we doin' up here Rick? Once across, he picked up speed, wishing the roar of the engine and the hiss of passing wind could drown out the words bouncing around inside his skull. And Mia…hmm, sweet, succulent Mia… \"Shut up,\" Rick said inside his helmet and accelerated until the handlebars began to shake. After regaining his calm and thinking better of it, he back off the throttle. Smart. After all, what good would you be smeared all over the road? It was a good question. An even better question was what good would he be at all? He hadn't seen her since the hospital, and even then they hadn't had much to say. There was nothing he wanted more than to finally set things right, but old ghosts made him question whether or not that was even possible. Outside his head, the road stretched onward, devoured mile by mile by his wheels, but inside…his thoughts shook. XXXXX Thirteen months ago… Miskatonic University had one of the most famous and storied libraries in the United States. Experts, professionals, and scholars routinely traveled far distances to visit the historic grounds and see firsthand the vast array of knowledge housed within the campus walls. The occult section in particular was a dream come true for a student like Rick. For his admissions essay, he'd written a treatise on the historical connection between mental illness, demonic possession, and haunted locales, and even spent the night (illegally) at Philadelphia's Eastern State Penitentiary to add credence to the paper. The work paid off, as he was admitted and even won the early esteem of Wingate Peasley, the school's leading psychology professor. Upon admittance, however, he quickly became acquainted with Dr. Henry Armitage, the Chief Librarian. With hard work, luck, and perseverance, Rick was eventually admitted nearly full privileges and access to all but the most restricted works kept under lock and key by Dr. Armitage himself. When he would otherwise be considered dead to the world, Rick could be found somewhere in the myriad aisles, browsing various works of miscellaneous lore. Parapsychology had been something of a favored pursuit since childhood. Unfortunately, there was not much one could do in such a field, but the halls of Miskatonic had a way of collecting strange stories. Rick was sitting in the light of a single lamp at one of the library's enormous wooden study tables, trying to translate an ancient Sumerian tome for one of his professors when a voice penetrated the fog of his concentration. \"Hey, Rick.\" Rick looked up and slid aside a stack of books a foot high, exposing his face to his friend, Felix. \"Hey, man,\" he said. \"What's going on?\" \"Not much.\" Felix set a large file box on the end of the table. \"Just got some cool stuff here. Thought you might want to be the first to check it out.\" \"Sure,\" Rick said. \"Whatcha got?\" \"Some pretty interesting stuff. Have you ever heard of a guy named Raymond Knowby?\" \"Yeah, sounds familiar. Archeologist, right? Professor Armitage showed me a few of his articles once.\" \"Well, apparently, he was a demonologist, too. Looks like he was researching some crazy stuff.\" Rick stood up and joined his friend at the end of the table. \"Was? I didn't know he died.\" \"Nobody knows if he died. He's missing. It's been a few weeks now, I'm surprised you haven't heard about it.\" \"Missing? Holy shit.\" \"Yeah, he was into some pretty heavy stuff. I guess Dr. West invited him to speak here a few years ago, but the guy never made it out. West said a few people in the academic community thought Knowby was losing his marbles. I thumbed through one of his journals and don't disagree.\" \"Isn't a few weeks a little soon for us to have his personal research?\" \"This was all sent here from his office. Guess he wanted the university to have it. Anyway, I thought you might like to look over some of this stuff before I put it into the archives.\" \"Hell yeah. Thanks, man.\" \"No prob. Hey, do you know where that book on Philip Lemarchand is?\" \"Yeah, I had it out the other day. It's in the back office with the Elm Street files. You want me to grab it?\" \"No, I'll get it later. Doctor West was asking for it.\" Rick pulled out a large but battered wooden box. \"What's this?\" \"Good question. I'm not going to try to open it. It's officially the property of the school now.\" \"What the…is it nailed shut?\" \"Yeah, all the way. And get this—the thing was wrapped in razor wire.\" \"Seriously?\" \"Yeah, and not just wrapped, like…covered in it. They snipped it off at the post office. Look, don't mess around with that okay? You know how much trouble you could get into.\" \"Yeah, I know. Don't worry, I'll take care of it. I won't even touch it.\" \"I'm just saying, it would be your ass. Hey, I think your phone's ringing.\" Rick looked up from the box and suddenly heard the vibrations of his phone rattling next to his notes. He looked over his shoulder and saw the picture on the screen. \"It's my friend, Mia.\" Felix's eyebrows went up. \"Still just friends, huh?\" \"Shut up.\" \"Ha! I'll catch you later,\" Felix said and turned away. \"Yeah, later.\" Rick picked up his phone. \"Hey. What's up?\" \"Not much,\" Mia said. \"What are you going?\" \"I'm in the library working on some stuff. You?\" \"Just got back from the hospital.\" \"How's your mom?\" \"She's okay. I think it's getting worse, though. If she just wasn't so damn stubborn.\" \"So that's where you get it from.\" \"Not really, I just like to get on your nerves. So, listen, you wanna hang out tonight?\" Rick's first impulse was to say yes right away, but he was painfully aware that he had been making himself unattractively available over the past year or so. Coupled with the heavy vibes he couldn't help but give off, it was no wonder he had been stuck in the friend zone for so long. \"I don't know,\" he said. \"I've got a lot of work to do.\" \"Cut the shit. Just come over later, okay? I've got something I want to show you.\" \"What?\" \"My severed head collection! Just come over, okay? Please?\" \"Yeah, okay. I'll see you in a little bit.\" \"Okay, bye.\" Rick ended the call and let his imagination run wild. Mia had been one of his best friends for years, and they'd grown as close as two people could since her mother had gotten sick. To top it all off, he'd been falling hard for her for a long time, and every time he thought she couldn't get more oblivious, she said something or made some move that signaled every nerve in his body quite intensely that she was onto him. Things were too complicated to just come out and say it, though, and until she made it obvious that she felt the same way, or at least felt something , he wasn't going to be the one to say anything. \"Way to go,\" he said to himself, rubbing at his eyes. What a pussy . He looked up, sure that Felix had come back to give him a hard time, but scanning the room he saw that he was alone. \"Hello?\" he spoke into the empty space. Only silence replied.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 \"I don't know,\" Natalie said at the crest of a small dip in the road, just before her stomach lurched with the rapid rise and fall of the terrain. \"I just feel weird coming along for something like this. I mean, meeting your friends during a… intervention ?\" Her feelings of unease had spiked when the woods had begun closing in, just miles before the asphalt gave way to rocks and bare earth. She had tried to keep them contained, but now, in the gathering shadows of the deep forest, they finally spilled out. \"It'll be fine, baby,\" said David, placing a hand on her knee. \"Besides, I haven't seen these guys in a while and I want them to meet you. I hate that it has to be like this, too, but my sister needs help and I really need to be here for her.\" \"Yeah but…\" she looked out the window at the trees whipping by, \"way out here?\" She didn't notice David's knuckles go taught and white as he gripped the wheel. \"I know, sweetie, it seems strange, but I trust my friends. I just hope Olivia knows what she's doing.\" Olivia. David felt bad that he was more nervous about seeing her again than his own sister. It seemed like it had been so long. He and Olivia had broken up only weeks before he decided to leave, and there had been a lot of unresolved issues left on the table. He was sure she'd moved on, as he had himself. A part of him still couldn't help but wonder if she ever thought about him the way he occasionally found himself thinking about her. When he met Natalie, he thought she was the final piece, the last step of putting everything behind him. He'd worked so hard to get out of the shadow of his former life, to shake loose the bonds of his crazy, neglectful mother and build a life for himself somewhere new. Now, after all he'd gone through, after all he'd changed, he was back. Back because his sister didn't escape the way he had and wasn't able to handle it. \"It's so sad,\" Natalie said, placing her hand on his. \"To get messed up like that.\" David shifted nervously. \"Yeah. She's had to go through a lot. After I left, Mom just kept getting worse and worse. I don't know exactly when the drugs started, but I guess it's pretty bad, so try to be prepared, okay?\" She nodded. \"Okay.\" \"I don't want you to be uncomfortable, but I don't know how long this is going to take and I didn't want to leave you back home. I don't know, maybe this whole thing is a mistake.\" She intertwined her fingers in his and squeezed gently. \"No, baby. I want to be here for you. I can't imagine how hard this is on you.\" \"We'll get through it. We just might have to put a few plans on hold for a while, because I can't leave my sister again.\" \"I understand. We'll do whatever we have to.\" The words were pretty, but they caked the truth of the matter like heavy makeup. He didn't tell her that he'd known something was up for a while. He never told her about the calls he'd gotten, the warnings, the pleas for understanding. He'd been too busy to pay them any heed, too hopeful that it would all just go away on its own. Now he saw that was a mistake, and he was going to have to pay the price. He smiled and kissed her hand. \"Look, we're here.\" He pulled his SUV into what could be considered the front yard, only instead of grass it was a plate of dirt and dry pine needles. He parked on the side opposite the Jeep and killed the engine. The first thing he saw when he stepped out was Olivia's smile. She was even more beautiful than he remembered, and his memory was quite vivid. He tried to keep inappropriate thoughts at bay, but it was difficult as he took in her lithe and shapely physique tucked into a pair of tight black pants and a leather jacket, probably designer wear. \"Hey there, city boy,\" she said. The light ran amok over her raven black hair as she approached. He couldn't help but smile back boyishly. \"Hey Olivia.\" \"Don't you 'hey Olivia' me,\" she teased, mocking his tone. She held up her arms. \"Give me a hug. Come on, two hands, like you missed me.\" They met in a warm embrace. David breathed deeply, taking in every bit of her scent. She had smelled as good on so many nights together. Coming back from such memories, he was careful not to linger, and quickly pulled away. \"Hey,\" he said, stepping back and pulling Natalie close to him, \"this is my girlfriend Natalie. Natalie, this is Olivia.\" Olivia feigned her most sincere smile and took the blonde girl's outstretched hand. \"It's so nice to meet you,\" she said. \"You too. I hear you and David go way back.\" \"We sure do.\" A moment of stiff silence invaded the space between the three of them. Sensing the sudden rise in tension, David turned, much to Olivia's relief, to give his attention to Eric, who was standing patiently beside the Jeep, breathing on his glasses and wiping them with his shirt. \"Glad you could make it,\" he said. David's eyes widened. \"Jesus, look at you. Looks like Grizzly Adams took a shit on your head. When did you grow all that?\" Even through his anger at his friend, Eric couldn't help but break a half-smile. \"A while ago. At least I can grow a beard. I see you've stayed dainty.\" \"Yeah yeah. You look good, man.\" \"I know,\" he said, sliding on his glasses. David turned to Olivia. He didn't need to ask. \"She went around back,\" Olivia said. \"You should go talk to her.\" David looked at Natalie. \"I'll be back in a few minutes, babe.\" \"Don't worry about us girls,\" Olivia said. \"She's going to tell me all about how you two met, and then I'm going to tell every embarrassing story about you I know. Eric's going to help me, right Eric?\" Eric smiled. \"Oh, I've got a couple doozies.\" David leaned in and kissed Natalie on the cheek. \"Don't listen to a word they say.\" He left them and walked away. On the far side of the house, out of sight of his friends and not yet within sight of his sister, it was just him and the woods for a short lonely stretch. He reached out and ran his fingers along the rough wooden boards of the cabin. Worn and weathered, they bowed out in places, cracked with miniscule splinters and magnificently ugly knots. One knot in particular was the one on which he'd always placed his forehead when playing hide and seek. Stopping for just a moment, he kneeled down and placed his head against it. He closed his eyes, only instead of the sweetly nostalgic sepia-toned images of a childhood passed, he was bombarded with the horrific scene of his mother in the hospital, skeletal and pale. Her wide-open eyes rolled like greased ball bearings inside her head as she tore at her face until bright red blood streaked the sheets. With a slick hand, she reached out and screamed his name. DDAAAVVVVIIIIIIDDD! He opened his eyes with a sick feeling, unsure of where the awful thoughts had come from. He looked up at the side of the cabin looming above him, except now he did so with a sense of foreboding. Things were not the same…not by a long shot. Mia was sitting on the rusty hood of their dad's forgotten Oldsmobile. He'd barely gotten the old junker there before it gave out entirely and he and David had been forced to push it into the woods behind the cabin. For years the old man swore he'd get around to making it run again. That was the least of the promises he hadn't kept. Mia, scribbling in a notebook and smoking a cigarette, looked up as her brother approached. His, long, lean frame had filled out some, but he still looked somewhat stringy, no doubt from the hours spent working in a garage. She had expected to be filled with some great rage seeing him again, but instead she felt only the weight of her own exhaustion. At this point, she didn't feel like trying to hurt him anymore than she felt like running a marathon. \"Hey, sis,\" he said. \"Hey, bro. What brings you to this neck of the woods? Just passing through?\" David stuck his hands in his pockets. \"I don't know. Thought I might stick around for a while. You're looking—\" \"I know I look like shit.\" \"I was going to say beautiful.\" \"You're still a bad liar.\" \"And you're still such a smartass.\" They looked at each other for a moment until he said, \"Come here.\" She rose from the hood of the car and walked into his open arms, happy to be reunited with family for the first time in a long time. \"I'm sorry,\" she said. \"I'm sorry to rip you away from your life and bring you into my problems.\" \"Hey, don't say that. You've got nothing to be sorry for, kiddo. I just…I wish you would've called me, talked to me.\" \"I know. I didn't talk to anybody. When Rick disappeared and then Mom died, I…guess I just went off the deep end. Have you…talked to him?\" There it was—the name David had dreaded hearing. At one time, Rick had been a good friend and someone David thought was good for his sister, but then the guy started falling apart, acting weird and drinking all the time. Later, when Eric had told him about Rick leaving, David felt it was for the best, though he now saw just how much it had hurt Mia. Just do it quick, he thought, like ripping off a band-aid. \"Yeah. Listen, Mia, I have to tell you something. Over the fall and winter, I got a couple of calls from Rick.\" The shock was clear on Mia's face. \"What?\" \"He called my apartment, then the garage. He, um, he told me he was worried about you. He…wanted me to come back.\" Her eyes narrowed. \"What do you mean, worried about me?\" \"He told me about the drugs,\" David said, voice shaky. \"I had already heard from Eric that you were acting weird, but I was really surprised when Rick called. He told me that he was pretty messed up, that he was drinking a lot and that he didn't think it was safe to be near you.\" \"Last winter? That was before he left.\" \"Yeah. He knew he was getting worse. He…told me how much he loved you. He was afraid Mom's condition was really getting to you, but I swear he didn't say anything about you being addicted to that stuff.\" \"That's because he didn't know!\" \"I know, and I should have come home then, but when Eric told me he split I thought you would be in the clear. I should have come back, but Mia, I just…\" \"I can't…whatever. It's in the past. I know I should be pissed at you, but I'm just too goddamned tired, David. You're here now, and Rick's not.\" \"I don't know what happened to him, I don't know what he was going through, but it really sounded like he cared about you a lot.\" \"Yeah, he cared so much he ran the other way.\" \"Mia…\" The approach of a far off motor hit their ears. It came in rough, staccato coughs, echoing roughly through the trees. Mia looked up. \"Who else is supposed to be coming?\" she asked, a hopeful glaze coating her eyes. David shrugged. \"No one, I…I don't know.\" Mia closed her eyes and smiled slightly, shaking her head in disbelief and confused joy. \"I'll be damned. It's him.\" XXXXX Uh-oh. I'm gettin' a bad vibe here, Rick. It smells like shit and rot and…something old…really old. Hey, this might be fun after all. \"Stop trying to mess with me,\" Rick said. The words were largely unnecessary. He could converse through the weight of his thoughts, but speaking was a force of habit. Can the bullshit, would ya? I know you feel it, too. It's getting worse the further we go. There's something in these woods. \"What do you care? Afraid you'll run into a pissed off cousin?\" Hey, I'm just lookin' out for you. \"Since when?\" C'mon. You're my vessel…I mean, buddy. You and I both know I'd get around one way or another eventually, but I'd still like to hang on to you. It's been a long time since I've met somebody I enjoy fuckin' with so much. Seriously, though, keep your guard up, bucko. \"There's nothing up here but bear shit and bad emotions. Just don't try to start any trouble or you'll end up a beaver's chew toy.\" Fine, be a hard-ass. No sweat off my sack…you know, if I had one. Just keep me close, Rick. If the shit hits the fan, you're gonna want me around. \"As charming as you are, I can't imagine anyone not wanting you around,\" Rick said sarcastically as they crested another small hill. The trees began to break in the distance and he could finally see the cabin, nestled back away from the road. \"We're almost there. Remember what I said. Not another word or I will toss you into a pile of that aforementioned bear shit.\" Whatever you say, tough guy. Just remember what I said, too. Something's off out here. We'll see how big you talk when you come begging me for help. Though he wouldn't admit it, Rick did have a bad feeling growing in the pit of his stomach. Ever since he was young, he'd always had a sense for bad juju, and just seeing the place sent it tingling. He couldn't say what it was. Ghosts, maybe? Or just ugly memories. Either way, it wasn't his greatest concern as he pulled into the clearing where the cabin stood and silenced the bike. Rick swung his leg off the motorcycle and pulled off his helmet. His clothes were covered with powdered dirt from the road. He patted at his shoulders and coughed lightly at the plumes of dust that rose into the air. Olivia was the first person he saw, standing around with a pretty blonde girl whom he didn't recognize. He and Olivia had always gotten along just fine. He even liked her as a person, but he always had a feeling she didn't think very highly of him, which often made him feel awkward and self-conscious in her presence. He stuck his helmet on his bike, took a breath, and turned to face the two women. \"Olivia,\" he said, wishing he could have opened with something warmer. \"Hello, Rick. It's been awhile.\" \"Yeah. How have you been?\" \"You mean before or after learning that my best friend was addicted to heroin?\" Well, that didn't take long , Rick thought. He tried to move past it, as if instead he had heard something like: \" Why, I've been just peachy, Rick, and oh how swell it is to see you again. \" He bowed his head like a dog after a whack on the nose. \"I heard you got your nursing license. Congratulations.\" She placed her hands on her hips and looked away, ashamed that she'd already started in on him. \"Thanks.\" Rick looked around. \"Where's Eric?\" \"He's off pissing in the woods or something,\" she said with a wave of her hand. Behind them, they heard the sound of leaves crunching underfoot. \"Look at this sorry sack of shit,\" Eric said, zipping up his fly. Rick turned to greet his old friend. \"Whoa,\" he said, \"it's redneck Jesus. What's up with the plaid, amigo ?\" \"Style, that's what's up. Why don't you get some?\" \"Hey, hobos are in this year. Where've you been? Off humping a tree stump?\" \"Couldn't help it, you know how much I love thick wood.\" He slapped his friend on the arm. \"It's good to see you again.\" \"Yeah, you too. Both of you. It's been…too long.\" \"Yeah, it has. Where the hell have you been all this time?\" Rick didn't quite know what to say. \"It's kind of hard to explain. How've you been?\" \"I've been good. Mia…not so much.\" Rick's face became grave. \"Where is she?\" \"Around back,\" Olivia said, \"with David.\" Rick turned to face her. \"David's here?\" She nodded. \"Are you two going to be all right?\" asked Eric. Rick took a breath. \"I hope so. I didn't come here to start trouble. I just…I need to see Mia. I've been looking for her forever. You guys have to know that.\" Eric put a hand on his shoulder. \"We know, man. You're here now, that's all that matters.\" \"I just don't want to fuck this up,\" Rick said. He noticed the blonde girl standing off to the side politely while they indulged in conversation. He held up a hand and gave a shy wave. \"Hello.\" Olivia looked back as if forgetting the girl was there. Rick didn't know that's exactly what she was wishing. \"This is, uh, David's girlfriend, Natalie.\" Rick nodded to her. \"It's nice to meet you.\" \"You, too,\" she said. \"You're Mia's boyfriend?\" \"I…uh…I was, sort of. It's kind of complicated.\" Oliva's eyes rolled. \"That's the understatement of the century.\" \"Hey,\" Eric said, \"give him a break.\" Rick shook his head. \"No, she's right. I have no idea how she's going to react to me being here. Either of them. I really screwed up.\" Eric nudged his arm. \"You'll be fine, Chicken Little. If it does come down to a steel cage match, though, my money's on Mia.\" \"Mine, too,\" Rick said. As if on cue, David and Mia walked around the side of the cabin. At once, David fixed a steely gaze on Rick. \"You've got some nerve to come up here.\" \"David, don't,\" Mia tried to stop it before it could start. Rick took a breath, unsure of how to proceed. \"I know,\" he said, \"but I'm here just the same.\" They began walking across the clearing toward one another, like two gunslingers ready for a high-noon duel. Instead of bullets they had words, and instead of guns they had fragile emotions and pitiful excuses. Either way, things could get messy. \"I'm telling you right now,\" David began, \"if you brought any of that shit up here—\" \"I didn't, I swear. I'm clean, I've been clean, and I just want Mia to get clean, too. That's why I came. I want to be here for her, for everybody.\" When David stepped forward again, closing the last bit of distance between them, a part of Rick expected to be slugged in the face, but his fears were assuaged when his old friend wrapped his arms around him. The hug was quick and to the point, and when David stepped back his face had softened. \"It's good to see you again,\" he said. \"You too, man. It's good to see everybody, and I…\" he looked at Mia and the words stuck in his throat. Seeing her face again after so long awakened a dormant chamber deep within his heart—an old machine that screeched to life once again, pumping new blood through long dry veins. She was small, but her current state made her look like a ghost. He marveled once again at her muddy-red hair and deep glassy eyes. Her skin, devoid of nearly all color, looked as smooth as fine china. Unknowingly, he rubbed his clenched fists with thumbs, remembering perfectly the feel of that smoothness. \"Yeah,\" she said. \"You're late.\" \"Yeah.\" David looked at his bike. \"You're still riding that old thing?\" \"Until it breaks down, I guess.\" \"I'm surprised you made it up here. These dirt roads could have swallowed it whole.\" \"I would've walked the rest of the way if they had.\" The whole gang, reunited, stood in the shadow of the cabin, seemingly ten times larger than the structure itself. The woods had fallen into perfect silence, and in the distance, pockets of thunder tore through the sky. Memories and old emotions passed through them all in those precious and horrifying moments. It could have… should have been a happy time. \"Well, everybody's here,\" Olivia said. \"Mia, you ready to do this?\" Trying to keep her eyes away from Rick's, the girl nodded. \"Yeah, I'm ready.\"[Chapter 3] Hey guys. I want to say a quick thanks to everyone who has checked out the story so far, and thanks for the comments and follows. You have no idea what it means to me that anyone even reads my stuff and it really keeps me motivated to keep going. Though there's been a lot of buildup and reveal in the beginning, I just wanted to throw something out for anyone who might not know by this point. The Rick Taylor in the story is the character from the Splatterhouse video games series, but seeing as the storyline of the games doesn't really come into play, I didn't want to categorize this as a crossover. Now that we've got that out of the way, on with the story. Chapter 3 Beside the cabin stood the shed, and beyond that was the old stone well, nestled lonely at the edge of the woods. They went there together as a group, David leading the way and Rick flagging behind. Mia walked next to Olivia, twisting her neck every so often to look back at Rick. She kept her head down and let her hair fall over her face to mask her attempts, but Olivia knew well what was going on. Rick's eyes stayed mostly on the ground as they walked, but just as frequently rose to watch her. She wore a skirt and he chastised himself every time he let his gaze linger for too long on her smooth, perfect calves. Even in a state of ruin, her body held an irresistible draw he'd been trying to forget since their last goodbye…the bad goodbye. He remembered the first time he'd been allowed to touch them unrestrained. His hands might as well have been filled with lead. His fingers fumbled awkwardly over her flesh as if every inch of her was a piece to a puzzle he couldn't get to fit together. He still thought of her like that sometimes. Maybe if he'd spent just a little more time trying to put those pieces together, things wouldn't have gotten so far out of hand. \"I still remember how much this thing used to scare me as a kid,\" David said, his voice breaking Rick from his thoughtful daze. \"I used to think there was something down there, waiting for me to come close.\" They formed a loose circle around the well. It was stacked three stones high with a makeshift spindle of calcified wood slowly turning to dust over the mouth. The sight of it called to mind old horror movies with evil ghosts hidden by locks of long black hair. A thick fog had begun to roll in from the woods, blanketing the forest floor and licking at their heels. The last of the light suffusing the surrounding woods had become as flat and grey as concrete. The sky was now darkly overcast, promising rain with every chilly breath. Rick watched Mia with rapt attention, noticing the quickening of her pulse as she reached into the pocket of her letterman jacket and produced the clear baggy containing the last of her stash. The sight of the powder made his gut twist in need—old feelings he had hoped were left behind for good. Memories came back to him in a frenzied rush of sensation. He saw in image of her face, eyes wild and bloodshot after they'd been awake for almost two days. He saw her sleeping on his couch afterward, beads of sweat rolling off her forehead, her jaw clenching as her body dealt with the poison gliding through her veins. Lastly, he saw her after the first time they'd made love—the way she looked at him like she finally let herself see something she never had before, and the look of fear that maybe she had made a terrible mistake. He'd spent days wrapped in that look, trying to figure her out the way he had a million times before. Mia's voice was strained but solid as she began. \"I know I've put you all through a lot. I know I messed up, and I'm sorry. I'm sorry that I've been such a pain in everyone's ass. I can't thank you guys enough for coming up here to help me with this, and I promise—\" she held out her hand and upturned the packet, spilling its contents into the depths of the darkness below, \"I will never touch this shit again.\" They all watched the soft powder fall away into the well like a fresh snow. David watched with pride and hope, Olivia watched with skeptic doubt, Eric and Natalie watched with pity, and Rick watched with unnamed dread. He looked into Mia's eyes and saw the fire that burned within as her great pleasure and pain was wasted in the company of interlopers who couldn't mind their own business. He could practically hear the voices in her head telling her to keep calm and keep putting on a good show. They were the same voices he'd heard so long ago when he was protecting his own habits. It felt like barbed wire around his heart when he thought that, just maybe, she'd learned that trick from him. As the rest of them gazed into the dark abyss, Mia's eyes shot up, capturing Rick's like a hidden snare. It was the first time she'd looked directly at him. The heat from that gaze could have burned him as she said. \"Time to face some demons.\" With that stare he was thrust suddenly and violently back into the past…back to the first taste of that dreadful, wonderful pain. Back to the first time he'd tasted her. Poor Rick, the voice resonated in his head. And to think, you didn't even smell it on her—the stink of the guy she fucked to get it. XXXXX Mia's apartment complex slumped at the ass-end the industrial district, along an 80-mile lane of parts warehouses, storage units, dodgy used-car lots, and nondescript office buildings. It was perhaps the most depressing stretch of road Rick had ever seen, and he loved it. At three visible points along the horizon, skinny towers belched grey-black smoke into the sky. In the early evening, when the stacks had been puffing their poison all day, the stench of sulfur was almost strong enough to give you a headache. Rick stood outside, growing damp under a light rain from a dark sky. He'd been growing steadily more nervous around Mia. As thoughts of revealing his attraction skittered around the edges of his mind, his anxiety increased in turn. After leaving the library, he stopped by his own apartment, tidied up a bit, and grabbed three vodka miniatures from his stash. He had finished the second as he pulled into the parking lot of Mia's apartment building, but decided to leave the third in the glove box. He had the beginnings of a nice buzz working and he didn't want Mia to think he'd been drinking. She shared the apartment with her mother ever since she and David had been forced to sell off the family house. Once their mother became too ill to work, it had become impossible to keep up with the payments. She lived now almost exclusively on her mother's disability checks and whatever money she could make waitressing. Rick went in on the rent quite often, or lent her money whenever he could pick up an extra shift at S-Mart, a department store near campus. He knew she had it rough, and he admired her strength more than he could say. Feeling the way he did for her, the feeling that she deserved so much more sometimes overwhelmed him. Upstairs, he knocked and let himself in, the box from the library tucked under one arm and covered by his jacket. Mia was on the couch reading an Electronic Gaming Monthly magazine he'd left there. Her honey-red hair was blow-dried smooth and glossy, standing out in stark contrast against her milky skin. She wore a baggy Deftones sweater and shorts that were a little too tight for Rick's comfort. Her face lit up when he walked in. \"Hey stranger. Whoa, what did you bring me?\" \"Very cool stuff,\" he said, trying to ignore the way she rubbed one socked foot against the pale flesh of her leg. \"Really?\" \"Yeah. Felix brought it into the library today.\" \"What is it?\" \"Most of it is research notes, journal entries, stuff like that. It's pretty creepy though. And there's this.\" He held up the scratched and battered wooden box. \"Felix said it was wrapped in razor wire.\" He walked to the fridge. \"Want a root beer?\" \"Sure, thanks. So…what's in it?\" \"Sugar mostly, though the name comes from the sassafras root.\" \"I mean the box, dork.\" \"Oh, don't know. It's nailed shut.\" \"So…let's pop the sucker open.\" \"Nice try. You know how much trouble I'd be in? I really shouldn't have taken it out of the library, but I want to look through it before we file it all away and I thought you'd get a kick out of it.\" He carried the box and the drinks to the living room and sat them on the table. The couch was L-shaped and he sat on the end furthest from Mia. The buzz from the alcohol was reaching just the right frequency and he couldn't help but let his gaze linger on her stretched body. The sweater had ridden up just enough to allow view of her belly. \"Why'd you sit way down there?\" \"You looked comfy. I didn't want to cramp you.\" She looked at him oddly for a moment. \"Have you been drinking?\" \"Hmm? Nope.\" \"Don't lie, Rick.\" \"I had, like, two shots of Vodka. That's all.\" She looked disappointed and made no attempt to hide it as she turned her attention back to the magazine. \"I told you not to drink without me.\" \"You don't have to keep tabs on me, you know.\" \"You're drinking before dinner time, so, I think I do.\" \"Fine. So, anyway…\" He let the sentence trail off and watched her face for clues as to what she was hiding. It was obvious she was no longer reading, but simply looking at the pages in an attempt to tease him. A faint smile tugged at the corner of her mouth. She knew he was watching her, and she was having fun with it.\" \"What did you want to show me?\" Again she ignored him. After a moment she looked over the top of the page at the box where it sat on the table. \"That thing looks like a psycho's jewelry box. It's probably got Norman Bates's porn stash inside…or a penis collection or something.\" \"Come on. Don't change the subject…Mia!\" She broke a wide grin of shiny little pearl teeth and tossed the magazine. \"Okay,\" she said, rising to her knees. \"I got something cool today, too. I want you to try it with me.\" With a raised eyebrow, Rick said, \"Maybe I should be drunk for this, after all.\" \"Shut up,\" she said, hopping off the couch. His eye caught the gentle swell of her breasts through the sweater as she hung for a millisecond in midair. He always hated himself for letting such thoughts crowd into his brain. He was supposed to be her friend, for God's sake, so he shook them loose and picked up the magazine she'd thrown aside, thumbing through the pages as the bounced off down the hallway. \"I got it from this guy my friend works with,\" she called from her room. \"He said it's a real rush as long as you don't do too much.\" She swayed back into the living room with her arm behind her back, the sweater slipping down and revealing one smooth, white shoulder. The smile on her face was as devious as he'd ever seen. This girl is trying to kill me, Rick thought. \"Well,\" he said, \"what is it?\" \"Guess.\" He scratched the scruff on his chin. \"Hmm, new Monster Energy?\" She shook her head. \"Nope.\" \"If it's some kind of vegan snack, I'm going to be really disappointed.\" She laughed and showed him the little glass bottle of off-white powder. \"Ever heard of diamorphine?\" Rick's tone became serious. \"Where the hell did you get heroin?\" he asked in surprise. She dropped her hands in frustration. \"I go through all this trouble to get some china white and throw out a big word for you and that's all you can say?\" He sat back with a sigh. \"Jesus, Mia.\" \"What? You said you've done coke before.\" \"Well, yeah. Like two lines in my buddy's dorm room once. I seem to recall telling you it made me feel like shit afterward.\" \"Fine then, fuck it,\" she said, clearly pissed. \"I guess I shouldn't have called you. I just thought you'd want to hang out and get fucked up for a while.\" \"Yeah, but Mia…that stuff?\" \"Excuse me if I want to try something different. You know I've been at the hospital for almost three days straight? I don't want to think about anything right now. I don't want to think about Mom, I don't want to smoke anymore weed, I just…\" She was on the verge of yelling, and Rick saw a single tear roll down her cheek. \"I bet you would've been all over it if I'd pulled out a bag of booze, huh? What if I took a bottle of whisky and poured it all over myself? What would you do then, Rick?\" He was frozen in place by the words she'd just said. He wanted to say something, anything, but he couldn't find anything but jumbled syllables rolling around on his tongue. She tossed the bottle on the carpet and curled into a ball at the end of the couch furthest from Rick. \"Just leave,\" she said, clutching a pillow to her chest and hiding her face. Even then, he knew that he should have flushed the stuff down the toilet, but he wasn't going to leave, and he would've done anything at that moment to see her smile. Slowly, he rose to his feet and retrieved the bottle from the carpet. He placed it on the coffee table and sat down next to Mia. It put another small fracture in his heart when she drew her feet away from him, as if his betrayal had been so bad even his mere proximity disgusted her. \"Okay,\" he told her, \"let's get fucked up.\" She peeked over the top of the pillow. \"Are you sure? We don't have to.\" He half smiled. \"You think I'm some kind of lightweight, don't you? Think I'm not up to the challenge?\" She dropped the pillow, revealing the greatest smile he'd ever seen. She wiped away the glistening trail the tears had left and sat up straighter, moving closer to him. \"Look,\" he said, \"I know how hard things are right now. I'm glad you called, I'm always glad when you call. Hanging out with you is the best part of my day. I promise you, Mia, I will never, ever—\" His words were cut off by the last thing he'd ever expected. She took his face in her delicate hands and softly pressed her lips against his. Her mouth opened, pushing the taste of fresh, salty tears onto his tongue. Every bone in his body turned to jelly, except for one very important one, when she quickly pulled away, covering her mouth shyly. Her cheeks were flushed the color of grocery store salmon. \"Sorry,\" she said, looking away. \"It's…uh…it's okay. Don't…don't worry about it.\" They opened the bottle and the rest of the night was a blur of frenzied motion and color, a miasma of fast words and laughter and heat. Inhibitions released by the sick, euphoric grip of the drug, they ended up in bed, rolling atop the sheets like two starving dogs. Rick had never known any feeling like what was rushing through him, and it wasn't the smack. At once, the darkness he'd known all his life vanished. He had no idea another, deeper darkness was waiting to fill the space. Afterwards, spent and covered in sweat, they laid in each other's arms. In those moments, Rick ached to tell her how much he loved her, that he had loved her for years, but even riding a wild and delirious high he knew better than to go all out and risk scaring her away. Mia lifted her head from his chest and said, \"Please don't hate me.\" \"Why would I hate you?\" \"For pulling you into all of my stupid shit. I just don't know where I'd be without you. I don't want you to think that I'm using you or that…that this doesn't mean anything to me.\" He brushed her hair behind her ear. \"I don't think that at all.\" \"I care about you,\" she said. To Rick it sounded as though she were trying to convince herself as much as him. \"I care about you, too. A lot. I always have, Mia. I would follow you into Hell.\" \"Well I'd say I'm at least halfway there,\" she said with a smile. \"Shit. Are you as amped as I am?\" \"Yeah,\" he replied, sitting up. \"You should probably smoke a bowl. I've heard it helps. We're gonna feel like roadkill later on.\" \"Okay, but I need some water first. Hey, are you thinking what I'm thinking?\" \"You're still thinking about that damn box, aren't you?\" \"How'd you know?\" \"Because I am, too.\" \"I can't help it. What if there's something really nasty inside…or money?\" Rick felt troublesome thoughts creep into his brain that didn't feel like his own. He couldn't deny the intense need to know, as if the box was calling to him. \"Go get it,\" he said. Mia looked surprised. \"But you said you could get into lot of trouble.\" \"It's not my fault the nails were loose.\" She grinned devilishly, showing him again just how scary she could be. XXXXX The cabin showed the scabs of age and neglect. In the years since their mother became ill, it had become little more than a faint memory. With nothing of any importance to call them back, the place was left to weather nature's harsh attacks on its own. Now, worn and unkempt, it was merely a shell of its former glory. Never again would it shine brightly in the rays of the summer sun. Thunder rolled through the clouds above. Rick didn't like it. The rotten feeling was back. He wasn't exactly a nature nut, but he knew that bad weather up in the hills could be dangerous. As always, his thoughts were on Mia, and how terrible it could be if she ended up being stranded there in her condition. \"Seems like it's been forever,\" Mia said, her mind soaking in bath of long ago memories. On the porch, David saw where the padlock on the door had been busted. He placed his hand on the dry wood and pushed, the door gliding inward with a dull groan of thirsty hinges. The fading light of the day could barely permeate the oil-thick darkness inside. \"Looks like somebody broke in,\" he said. The tool most likely used, a long yellow wrecking bar, lay on the floor just inside the doorway. David picked it up and set it aside as he entered. One by one they filed in. The floor was littered with dirt and pine needles blown in from outside. Mia stood in the middle of the living room, the pain evident on her face as she looked around at what had become of the one refuge she still had. Rick stood in the shadows, watching her every move, her every twitch. \"Mom would've hated to see the cabin like this,\" she said. David turned to face the group. \"It's a little rough, but I think we can make it work. So come on, let's make this place livable.\" Rick looked out the window at the deep woods and darkening sky. I'd follow you into Hell . The words reverberated in his head like ricocheting bullets. He'd said them, and he meant them. Why were they causing him such discomfort now? Perhaps he was sensing some terrible turn of events yet to pass, some darkness yet to befall them. He looked at Mia, for the first time doubting whether it would be possible to reconcile with her. He was beginning to believe she really did hate his guts, and if there was no way to make things right, then he truly had followed her into hell. Outside, a sharp wind cut through the woods, whistling between the trees. It sounded like screaming.[Chapter 4] Hey everybody. It's update time again. Special thanks to HystericalConfession and Audrey de Lune for the wonderful comments and encouragement. I almost felt like I was writing this chapter just for you guys. I hope I haven't put off too many other readers with the slow start so far. I can't explain why I feel compelled to write an Evil Dead story this way, but I'm going with my gut so please stay with me. I'm getting a few last things fleshed out before kicking up the intensity and getting to the real meat of the story, so if anybody has tuned out, please check back because I promise things will get heavy. Now, on with the next chapter. Chapter 4 Outside the cabin, the great blanket of slate gray cumulus, pregnant and bloated with unspilled rain, had reached critical mass, waiting patiently for Atlas to shrug. Inside, the group set to work, thankful to have something to busy their hands. At first, small talk was sparse and swift, a commodity to be traded only in the most dire need. Eric helped Natalie bring in food and drinks from the vehicles while Mia dusted and pulled sheets off the furniture. David had disappeared into the back to check the fuse box and turn on the water. Rick walked up to Olivia as she emerged from the kitchen with a broom and dustpan. \"Can I help?\" he asked. She looked as though she'd forgotten he was there. \"Yeah, thanks,\" she said, her manner softening. She looked at Mia, and there was a passage of thoughts between them that Rick couldn't decipher, but he didn't dare press his luck. He took up the task of sweeping away the dirt and debris, keeping his head down while he worked. Mia, her mind still partially lost in another place and time, wandered the living room like a zombie. Rick knew he was seeing the first stages of withdrawal take hold. She was tired, weak. Her sallow skin stretched taught with the first round of chills and her cheeks, sunken and sharp, gleamed with a thin sheen of sweat. He remembered for a split second that she used to look like that—high and exhausted—as they lay in bed… The far wall was decorated with a collection of photographs, old frozen portals of family and friends. Mia stood before them, overwhelmed by the deep feeling of regret she felt looking at the reminders of better times gone by. She gazed thoughtfully at a photo of her and her mother, the two of them smiling, happy and healthy. Mia longed for the return of the women therein, but nothing so much as she wished she could see her mom one last time. She reached out with a shaky hand and straightened a picture of her and David, taken in the backyard of their old house. She was on his back, arms wrapped around his neck. That was the brother she knew and missed. The only thing missing from the collection were pictures of her father, but those had been taken down long ago. The majority of the pictures were of her and her friends in various snapshots of the years of closeness they'd shared. There were even a few of Rick and Olivia laughing together. Olivia's opinion of Rick had only started to sour when Mia had begun spending so much time alone with him, letting on that he meant more to her than just a friend. In the midst of all those memories, she saw one of her and Rick together. It was at her eighteenth birthday party. She could tell by the goofy, flustered look on his face that it was taken just after she'd kissed him on the cheek. She had nearly forgotten all about it. She took the picture from the wall and held it in her hand, unsure of why she did it or what she intended for it next. \"So,\" Olivia said to Rick, making at attempt to be friendly, \"where've you been all this time?\" \"That's the million dollar question,\" Mia mumbled under her breath. Rick looked away in shame. \"Here and there,\" he said. \"Since I got back in town I've been working mostly.\" \"Yeah? Where at?\" \"S-Mart, sporting goods.\" \"S-Mart,\" Oliva said with a light laugh, \"I didn't know any of those were still around.\" \"Yeah. Just here and the first one in Dearborn, where they started.\" \"What about school? You go to Miskatonic, don't you?\" \"Umm…not anymore.\" Mia raised her head at this, the first direct action toward him since the strange look at the well. In fact, it was the first sign of real life he'd seen from her yet. \"You're not in school? What happened?\" \"I just…it's not what you think,\" he told her, referring to his drinking. \"My time off just sort of…became permanent. When I came back and I couldn't find you…I couldn't go back there.\" Her eyes narrowed and a look of almost pure rage passed over her face. It looked as if she wanted to spit in his face. You took off out of nowhere, without giving a shit about me, and now I'm the reason you dropped out of school? Those were the words she wanted to beat him to death with, but before she could sharpen them with her tongue, Eric and Natalie walked in. \"Hey, place looks pretty good,\" he said. \"How are we doin' on power?\" \"Well, whoever was here obviously made themselves at home,\" said David as he reappeared in the kitchen doorway. \"How do you know that?\" Eric asked, placing the last of the bags on the floor. \"We have to keep the water turned off or the pipes freeze in the winter, but it's been turned on. All the power switches in the fuse box are on, too. The whole place could've burnt down if there'd been a short, but I checked the pipes and the wiring and everything seems to be okay. Looks like we're good to go. Let's get some lights on in here.\" \"I'm going to check the bedroom to see if anything's missing,\" Mia said, eager to forget her angry thoughts. \"Like what?\" David asked. \"Mothballs?\" \"Some of Mom's stuff might still be here.\" Mia's voice trailed off as she disappeared. Rick winced at the angry thump of the door being closed harder than was necessary. \"Look out for mice,\" David called. He looked at Olivia and Rick. \"She seems to be doing okay.\" Olivia looked seriously at David, her eyes foretelling the severity of her thoughts. \"David, there's something you need to know. You too, Rick. Mia's done this whole thing before. I cornered her about two months ago, and she promised me she was done before she chucked her dope down the toilet. I told her I'd stay with her while she got better. It was about eight hours before she split, and I didn't see her again until I got the call that she was in the hospital. So we don't want to give her that chance this time. When she breaks—and she will, believe me—you're going to want to let her leave, but you can't.\" Rick didn't like where the conversation was going. He could see David nodding his head like it all made perfect sense. \"What? You want to force her to stay here?\" he asked. Eric placed a hand on his shoulder. \"We've got to make her stick to it this time, man. We're doin' it for her own good, because we care.\" \"I know, but look at her. You've seen the state she's in. The nearest hospital is miles away. What the hell are you going to do if she goes into shock?\" Olivia didn't budge. \"Look, Rick, I know you—\" \"No!\" he said. \"You don't know. I'm sorry, Olivia. You know your stuff, I'm not arguing that, but I was hooked on that shit, too. I was ready to kill when the worst of it hit me. I pulled through it, but Mia…she's so far in, what if her body can't take it? And what if this storm opens up hard? What then? What if she really does need help and we wait too long? I've just…I've got a bad feeling about this. Let's get the hell out of here right now. We'll do this thing, and we'll make it work, just don't do it here.\" \"I've got everything we need to treat her,\" Olivia pressed. \"I've got needles and sedatives. I've got Thorazine, Lorazepam—enough to put her down even if she gets violent. We just need to get through the worst of it, Rick. Then we can get her some real help back home. I know you're worried, but she'll survive this. She won't survive another OD.\" Rick gritted his teeth and dropped the broom. \"Fuck.\" Frustrated, Olivia looked to David for backup. \"Look, we all need to be together on this because we won't get another shot.\" \"I trust Olivia,\" David said. \"I know it sounds risky, but she knows what she's doing and I believe it's going to work. We're going to do whatever it takes to get my sister clean. If that means pissing her off, if it means making her hate me for a few days to save her life, then that's what I'm going to do.\" Rick tried to elicit some understanding from his old friend. \"You cannot ask me to do that to her if she comes begging to leave. I came here to make things better with her, not worse. Please David, I have to make things right. I can't lose her again.\" David's face was set in stone. \"Now I love you, man, you know that, but do not fuck this up. Please. I'm sorry I didn't listen to you before. I made a mistake, but I'm here to fix it. I know how much you care about Mia, so do this for her.\" \"I don't think you do know. Maybe you don't want to hear that, I don't know, but you don't understand how much it hurt me to see her breaking down when you were gone, when your mom was sick. I know why you left. I'm not judging you for that, but you weren't there. I called you, I told you! And you weren't there ! I fucked everything up, I was with her when all this shit started. I'm just trying to make things right, too. I can't hurt her again.\" Rick's words angered David. Natalie, standing away from the conversation, could see it in his eyes. Olivia saw it as well, and both girls worried they might have to step in if the two came to blows. \"You won't,\" David said. \"I won't let you. If you don't like this, if you're not on board, then maybe you should leave. If you really love her the way you say you do, then you won't stand in the way of us helping her.\" Rick's jaw clenched. A fast rage from a dark chamber inside came rippling through his veins. He'd known that rage before. It threatened to break the limits of his control, but he forced it down with every bit of will he could muster. \"I can't leave her again.\" \"Why? You didn't seem to have a problem with it before, from what I hear. Why the hell did you leave, huh? Where the hell were you ?\" Rick's mounting anger ran headlong into a steel wall—and unstoppable force against an immovable object. He couldn't answer, couldn't even begin to. His muscles tensed and then relaxed. He broke away from David's stare and relinquished the fight, knowing full well he'd lost. \"You'd goddamned better be right,\" he said, stepping around David and heading down the hallway toward Mia. XXXXX Seeing her up close was even harder, but what made it almost unbearable was having to see her in the condition she was in—watching the micro-tremors run up and down her body and trying not to notice how her fingers shook. She was standing before an old oak dresser, pulling weakly at a stuck drawer. He didn't know what to say, but figured it was best if he draw first. Not that he had expected her to run into his arms. He'd been the one to show up out of nowhere, standing around like an idiot waiting for her to acknowledge his existence. He owed her some initiative, not the other way around, so with a shallow breath he took the first tentative step into the minefield between them. \"Hey.\" He wondered if she would say anything at all, until finally she turned from the dresser. \"Hey.\" \"So this is the cabin.\" \"Yeah.\" \"Glad I finally get to see the place.\" She turned back quickly and jerked on the drawer until it came unstuck. \"It's a wreck.\" He walked across the room to the window, peeling away the dusty curtains and peering into the endless woods outside. Creeping vines had been crawling up the side of the cabin for quite some time. They twisted over the window like thin snakes looking for an opening, a way to worm inside. \"Nothing a mop and a broom can't handle…or a six-man team led by Mr. Clean.\" She slammed the drawer closed. \" Don't . Not now.\" He snapped back as if hit by a physical blow. \"Okay, I'm sorry.\" Letting the curtain fall, he turned and walked to the bed. \"You think you can show up here and joke away the last six months?\" she asked, not bothering to face him. The first instinct in his gut was to answer with an equal tone, but he swallowed it back down with a bitter dose of pride. \"No, I guess not. I was just hoping we could talk.\" \"What is there to talk about?\" \"I thought I'd start by asking how you've been, but the answer seems pretty apparent. I don't suppose you'd ask the same question.\" \"Oh, I've got a question. What are you doing here?\" He thought to sit down, but instead merely stared at the sheets. \"I'm here for you.\" \"Wow, that's a new one for you.\" \"Mia.\" \"Why?\" \"Because I want to be here. Because I knew you needed help and I wanted to do whatever I could. I had to see you again. Thanks for letting me know, by the way.\" Crossing her arms, she stepped away from the dresser. \"Why the hell should I have to let you know anything?\" \"You shouldn't. That's pretty damn clear by now.\" \"What is that supposed to mean? What, you think after all that happened I owe you something? Do you think that you're just going to show up here and all is forgiven?\" \"I didn't come here for forgiveness.\" \"What then? Hear of a good bar up this way?\" \"I was worried sick about you, Mia! I've been trying to get a hold of you for months.\" She turned away from him then, surprised he'd let her jab go without a return. \"Yeah, well, I've been busy.\" \"Busy my ass. You disappeared. Why didn't you return any of my calls? I thought I was garbage to you. I know I'm not your favorite person right now, but don't you think you could have at least answered your phone every once in a while? You could have let me know you were alive. You could have let me know what you were going through, Mia. I thought…I thought you were done with that stuff. I had to learn from your friends that you were mainlining . What the fuck kind of shit is that?\" \"You're seriously making this about you? Really?\" He took a breath, trying to stay calm. \"No, I'm not trying to make this about me. I'm just saying that I was ready to be there for you , and you were gone. There was all this shit I wanted to straighten out and I couldn't find you.\" \"Well, you found me now.\" \"I didn't want to find you like this. Do you know how—I just…I didn't want it like this.\" \"We don't always get what we want, do we? You didn't want to do that shit with me in the first place, and I didn't want you to walk out on me. I guess we both got screwed, huh?\" \"That's all over, Mia. I'm not going to walk out on you. I'm better now. I want you to be better, too. I'll stay here as long as I have to and do whatever I can to help.\" \"Then go ahead and get comfy. We've got spare blankets and I'm sure you brought a bottle to curl up with.\" \"I'm sorry ! I fucked up, okay? All this time, all I wanted to do was talk to you, to tell you how sorry I was. But that's not why I'm here now. I'm here because I care about you.\" \"Could've fooled me.\" \"I'm not fooling you now. I don't want anything bad to happen to you.\" \"I'll be fine.\" \"Withdrawal is dangerous, Mia. Trust me, I know. I know you've got David and your friends and maybe I really am the last person you want to see, but I want to be here while you…do whatever it is you have to do to get better.\" He moved to her side while she stood, silent. \"Look, you were right. With all my hang-ups, I had no need to be in a relationship. And I know…I know it didn't seem like it at the time, but I loved you—so much—and I didn't want to let you go.\" \"Let me go? When did you ever have a hold of me, Rick? When were you around? Was it when I was in the hospital watching my mom die?\" \"I wasn't there when I should have been. I was selfish, wrapped up in myself, and I got distant because I didn't want to make my problems your problems. You had so much going on, you shouldn't have had to take care of me, too, and I guess I thought that I would just be in the way.\" \"You wouldn't have been in the way. Space is good, I know. We all need it sometimes. Maybe I needed it then, but I also needed you , and you made me feel like I didn't exist. And on top of that, you were out every night getting drunk. What was I supposed to think? Was I supposed to stay up being worried about you and what you were going through?\" \"No, I—\" \"Was I supposed to be bawling over your problems?\" \"No, I should have been there through yours. I'm not denying I was an ass. I made a mistake, and I wish I could make it up to you somehow. As badly as I wanted to see you again, it was really hard coming up here, knowing I'd have to face you after all this time.\" \"Well I sure hope I've put your fears to rest.\" \"Look, if you don't want me here, fine. I'll go. But tell me now because it'll be dark soon and it's a long way back.\" He wanted an answer, but would have settled for anything, even a slap in the face. Instead, she just stood there, looking at the wall. He didn't know what she wanted, but it she obviously wasn't too hot on him staying. Knowing his nature the way she did, she would have said something. Of course, knowing her nature the way he did, he should have picked up on what she wasn't saying. \"Fuck it, then. I'm going. Call me when you get back to the world. Or don't, it's up to you.\" It certainly hadn't gone the way he'd wanted. All visions of making up and finally taking her in his arms again were thrown off a cliff and dashed on the rocks below, but at least it was over with. He had said what he wanted to say and she was the one who'd turned him away. Perhaps the internal need to feel like the good guy made him all the more villainous, but he pardoned himself with the fact that he hadn't manipulated her—he'd just laid it all on the line. He stopped at the edge of the room. \"I still love you, Mia. And I do want to make things right, whether you believe it or not.\" He walked out, not bothering to close the door behind him. XXXXX The others were finishing up in the living room when Rick came back. They looked at him as though he was an amputee fresh out of the emergency room, a tragic victim of his own stupidity. David sat on the couch next to Natalie. When he saw Rick he stood, the tension gone from his face. \"Hey, man. I'm sorry about before. That was out of line.\" Rick shook his head. \"I don't think so. Maybe this was a mistake. Maybe you guys should just give me a call when you get back to civilization.\" He started out, but Eric stopped him before he was halfway to the door. \"What? You're leaving? After all that? Come on.\" \"I don't belong here. What am I supposed to do? Mia can't stand to look at me…I'm just making things worse.\" \"That's not true,\" Olivia said. \"She just needs some time. I really think you should stay.\" David nodded in assent. \"Yeah. We're in this together. All of us. You think I wasn't afraid to face her? After being gone for so long? We're going to get past this.\" \"That's different, David. You're family,\" Rick said. \"So are you. We're all family— Mia's family.\" Rick looked through the window and the quickly approaching darkness beyond. He would have to be crazy to try to make it back to the world by nightfall. Rumbling along those crooked dirt roads in the dark would be extremely dangerous, but he was almost willing to take that risk if he had to. Now, in the presence of old friends, he was glad to find that he had them on his side. \"Okay,\" he relented. \"I'm in, I'm staying. Let's just not hang around here any longer than we have to. We get Mia clean, then we get her back home for some help.\" \"That's the plan, brother,\" David said. A hollow thump interrupted their conversation. Startled, Eric quickly looked around the room. \"What was that?\" Natalie stood and joined them. \"Did it come from the bedroom?\" \"No, it wasn't in here at all. It was underneath the floorboards.\" David didn't seem disturbed. \"There's a dirt cellar beneath the cabin. Animals tunnel in sometimes. I'll check it tomorrow.\" \"That didn't sound like an animal,\" Eric said, still unsettled. \"Take it easy, Erica ,\" David teased, punching his friend in the arm. \"We'll protect you.\" \"Dude, are you still on that? What grade are you in?\" \"Teacher says if I behave, I won't have to repeat third again.\" \"Well,\" Olivia cut in, \"I think I'll leave you boys alone and go see how Mia's feeling.\" Rick stood back, a pleasant feeling of nostalgia filling his head while he watched David and Eric bicker with one another. For the first time in a long time, he felt close to home…close to family . He wanted to keep that feeling whole, wanted to protect what they had. He knew, however, that only time would tell. XXXXX Can't believe we came all this way for a piece of ass. This chick better have beer flavored nipples is all I can say. \"I thought I told you to shut the hell up.\" Rick said, lighting a Winchester in the darkness outside. Oh, I forgot, you don't drink anymore. My mistake. All I know is I would have knocked that pretty boy on his ass if he'd eyeballed me like that, but I understand. Ya gotta make a good impression on family, right? Otherwise big, bad broseph won't let you in little sister's pants. \"Give it a rest, you broken record. Does everything you say have to be obnoxious?\" I'm ten centuries old and stuck in an ugly-ass old relic, excuse me if manners aren't exactly a high priority. Hey, if nobody's going to entertain me, a god's gotta entertain himself, right? Speaking of entertainment, when are you gonna go in there and give it to that sweet little chick of yours? Goddamn, would I like to spread that open and go to town with a stick of butter and a bottle of maple syrup. The vulgarity was so old Rick couldn't be bothered to get upset. If anything, the words put hot, lustful images in his head. He couldn't deny how badly he wanted to touch Mia again, how sorely he wanted to taste the salt on her skin, to feel her wrapped around him, wet and in spasm. As strange as his situation was, it almost felt like two old, familiar friends talking nasty shit over a smoke and a laugh. The fact that the voice was pretty much the only source of conversation he had anymore only added to his feelings of isolation. And that dark meat in there—Olivia—sweet as brown sugar, I bet. Imagine the fun you'd have if you could stack those two up and be the cream in the middle. \"Enough,\" Rick said, with force and a bit too loudly. He turned his head to make sure no one had heard him. \"Knock it off, already. I'm trying to make things right here. In case you haven't noticed, I'm madly in love with this girl and I am not going to let you fuck things up again.\" Aww, I'm so sawwy. Heh, what're you gonna do, Rick? Break up with me? \"Are you going to make me? I don't give a shit what you are, I'll toss you down that goddamn well and ride out of here with her if you keep pushing it.\" Hey! Hey! Whatcha getting' all serious for? I'm just messing around. You know I like to get a rise out of you, buddy. You're always wound up so tight, you gotta loosen up. Rick took a deep, shaky breath. \"Just…just take it easy, okay? I know this doesn't mean anything to an ancient ethereal entity like yourself, but this is serious shit. Everybody's in pain here and I know exactly what Mia's going through. So just back off.\" Silence. \"Who are you talking to?\" He turned in surprise to find Mia standing in the light of the open doorway. Wrapped up in his own insanity, he hadn't heard her come out. Thinking quickly, he offered the best explanation he could think of. \"Just kicking myself for being such an asshole again,\" he said. She pulled the door shut behind her and started across the porch, each step groaning under her bare feet as if she bore the weight of the world on her shoulders. Cloaked in the shadows of the porch, she looked like a haggard spirit, a tortured fallen angel approaching him from the darkness of Hell. He had a hard enough time just believing she was there. He was almost certain their last exchange had been the final nail in the coffin, but there she was, standing beside him. \"You weren't being an asshole,\" she said. \"I was. That's all I've been to you since you got here.\" \"You've got every right to be.\" A shake of her head. \"No, I don't. You came all the way up here and I'm still acting pissed at you over something that happened months ago. I'm being childish. I guess I can't help it when I'm around you.\" He said nothing, afraid that any word could shatter the fragile peace between them. She placed a hand on his arm. \"I'm really happy you're here. I didn't know if I'd ever see you again.\" \"How could you think that? I swear I tried to find you, it's all I wanted. I should've never…\" \"I don't want to talk about it, Rick. Not tonight. I'm so damn tired. I feel like I'm going nuts. It's starting.\" \"I know. I can see it.\" \"And it hasn't even gotten really bad. You know that, right?\" He nodded. \"I know.\" \"I don't know what I'll do or say, and I…if I get mean, if I lash out at you, please don't hate me…I don't—\" \"I know, Mia. I know. Hey, I told you I'd follow you into Hell, remember?\" She looked down, the memory bringing a flood of shame into her core. \"Does that offer still stand?\" \"Now and forever.\" She looked at him as if she was trying to see inside…at whatever it was he had hidden within. An intense anger still burned inside, but just seeing him again, knowing he was there, it made her feel…hopeful. \"Promise you'll stay with me until it's over.\" \"I'm not going anywhere, Mia.\" \"Cross your heart.\" He took her hand and placed it on his chest. He drew an invisible X over her fingers. \"I would rip it out and give it to you if I could.\" A nearly imperceptible smile tugged at her lips. \"You're such a dork. When did you become Mr. Dramatic? Come inside, I think it's going to be a long night.\" \"You go on. I've got to grab my pack.\" After she went inside, Rick ventured out into the clearing to get his things. An icy breeze burst through the trees, stretching his skin tight with raised goosebumps. At once his feeling of comfort was gone, replaced by the sense of uneasiness that had vaguely invaded them all. He gazed around the tree line, taking in the never-ending darkness shrouding the forest. A childlike fear pervaded his thoughts—a fear of things lurking in the woods he knew couldn't possibly be real. Whatcha lookin' for, buddy? Afraid the Oogey Boogey Man's gonna run outta the woods and getcha? \"Very funny,\" Rick said. \"I just don't like this place.\" Hey, I don't blame you. You never know what could be lurkin' about out there. Zombies,vampires, liberals. \"They're not real. Not the liberals, the—you know what I mean.\" No more real than me, Rick? Face it, pal, you got to own up to one of two things. Either you're a fuckin' nutcase, or the things of nightmares really do exist. While I'm leaning toward you being a looney toon, that doesn't really explain me, does it? Though it sure would explain how much you enjoyed splatterin' that dope slinging motherfucker's face all over the— \"Shut up! \" Rick snapped. Again, he glanced toward the cabin to make sure no one had heard him. \"That was…that wasn't me. I just lost control.\" Deny it all you want, sport. I've seen inside your heart. I've played around in that blackness you call a soul. You and I are two of a kind. Do you really think she could understand? You think she could accept it? Sure, you love her enough to kill for her, but do you love her enough to show her the real you? \"I love her enough to blow my own brains out before I'd let myself hurt her.\" Hehe, sure, but why go through all this pain? You don't have a fucking clue, do you? In a few decades she'll be just another menopausal bitch with a loose cooch and saggy tits. Why settle for that when you and I could have so much fun? The truth is, true loves come and go, Rick, but I'll always be a part of you. You need me just as much as I need you, you'll see that soon enough. \"What's your point?\" My point is something wicked this way comes, and it ain't just yours truly. You wanna waste your time with junkie-girl, knock yourself out, but you'd do best to keep in spittin' distance. \"What do you think I'm doing?\" Rick said, taking his pack from the motorcycle. Aww, I get to meet the family? Ricky boy, I'm touched. I call Mia's bed. \"Knock it off. The same rules apply. You start messing with my head in there—\" Relax, killer. I'm just fuckin' with ya. I'll be on my best behavior, scout's honor. \"Why doesn't that comfort me?\" Rick asked. I knew you were a smart kid . The real question is—will you do the same? Tired and irritated, Rick shut out the voice of the Other and returned to the cabin, taking one last look behind his back at the menacing dark, where the leaves whispered of secret things no human mind could comprehend, of things best left buried…deep in the ground. XXXXX They gathered for a late dinner, complete with meaningless small talk and side of awkward silence. David entertained with stories of his work in Chicago and old summers he and Mia spent at the cabin. They laughed over memories of old times and for a few moments, Rick and Mia, in their shared torment, were taken away from the pain of the present and comforted by the presence of their friends. Rick and Olivia, the two most attuned to Mia's condition, watched closely and with worry as she poked lazily at the small serving of food on her plate. Whenever she made a move to urge Mia to eat more, Rick caught her eye and, with a shake of his head, told her everything she already knew. Though she didn't have much experience with severe addiction, she knew enough to see what was coming. The more that goes down, the more that's going to come back up. Sure enough, within a few hours Mia was in the bathroom, heaving with staggered, painful moans as her stomach cramped with enough force to make her back ache. By midnight she was crying and sweating and cursing everything under the moon. Eventually, she fell into a tepid, fitful sleep. By midnight, they were all startled by the sound of her screams.[Chapter 5] Hello again everybody. Finally got chapter 5 ready, and for anybody who's been following closely, I'm so sorry for the wait. I got really hung up on this chapter and didn't quite know where to go with it. Normally, my chapters have always been a bit shorter and I hope everyone's staying interested. I'd like to spend less time on this because I've been forsaking my professional writing, but I'm just so hung up on this story right now and I really want to keep going. I've been a little blocked lately and I hope it doesn't show, but just know that I haven't forgotten you guys. Your kind words and encouragement constantly push me forward and make me challenge myself. Best wishes to you guys. Chapter 5 The peace of the cabin shattered as Mia thrashed around her parents' old bedroom in a panicked frenzy. Her flesh had gone so pale as to nearly glow in the faint candlelight and, in her sheer white nightgown, soaked with cold sweat, her pallid complexion could easily have been mistaken for that of a ghost. Her wails, however, carried all the torturous energy of a rabid banshee. \"Get them off! They're all over me!\" she shrieked, frantically slapping all over her body. She scratched long red lines into her arms until Olivia subdued her hands by force, afraid that if Mia continued she would end up drawing blood. \"Mia, baby, there's nothing on you,\" Olivia told her. \"You've got to calm down. You're going to hurt yourself.\" \"They're all fucking over me! It feels like they're under my skin!\" Mia persisted, attempting to twist out of her friend's grasp. \"It's just the withdrawal, sweetie. There's nothing on you, see? My god, you're freezing.\" \"Freezing? Are you shitting me? It's burning up in here. Let me out, I can't stay here!\" \"Honey, stop.\" \" I can't stand it! I can't stand it! \" Mia screamed and burst into tears. \" I hate this fucking place! Let me out! \" David appeared in the doorway, casting a long, distorted shadow across the floor. \"Do you need help?\" he asked Olivia. \"No, I think I've got her. Just get my bag. Mia, I'm going to give you a shot, okay? Something to help you sleep.\" The girl's eyes went wide, filled with terror at the inconceivable thought. \"No! I don't want to go to sleep. I can't…David! David, listen to me. There are things in my bed. They're in the walls. I can hear them. I've got to get out of here now! I can't take it anymore!\" If David felt any uncertainty, it didn't show. His face was drawn and his eyes were glassy and red, his lips set in an angry slant. \"You need to relax. There's nothing in your bed. Let Olivia help you so you can get some sleep. You'll feel better in the morning.\" \"What about the sounds? The scratching in the walls? I know you hear it too. They're everywhere. I could feel them all over me.\" David's eyes hit the walls, scrolling over the warped boards and water stains, over each splinter and rust-crusted nail head. A moment of hesitation seized him and uncertainty clouded his chiseled face. Still, he didn't budge. \"It's just a few mice, Mia. You know how old this place is.\" \" Oh fuck you, asshole! \" Mia exploded. \"You've never listened to me! Not to a single word I've ever said! Why the hell are you even here?\" David, averting his gaze, turned into the hallway. \"I'll get your bag,\" he said, and was gone. In the living room, Rick sat on the couch next to Eric with his face in his hands. He looked up at the sound of David's footsteps and watched his friend retrieve Olivia's duffel bag from behind the couch, his face looking tired and grim. \"Are you okay, baby?\" Natalie asked. She sat on the loveseat, her legs drawn up and covered. \"Is she okay?\" Eric asked. David faintly shook his head and disappeared once again down the hall. Eric looked to Rick in helpless confusion. \"No, man,\" Rick told him, \"she's pretty damn far from okay.\" Eric ran his hands down his face. \"Jesus. So this is it, huh? This is the real thing?\" \"Yeah. I wish I could say this is the darkest part, but honestly, I just don't know. I just hope this is the end of it. I want us to take her out of these woods and never look back.\" \"I just can't believe you had it like that, too. Nobody should have to go through something like this alone. I just wish I had known. I wish you'd—\" \"Don't worry about it,\" Rick said, not wanting to go down that road. \"You couldn't have helped me.\" Natalie sat forward. \"How'd you do it?\" \"I went somewhere where I didn't know anybody and locked myself in a motel room for a week. I drank myself blind—blacked out for almost two days. That was the last time I got drunk, too. Honestly, I thought about Mia. About how much I wanted to get clean and get back to her. By the time it was over, though, I didn't know if I could. The physical part gets better after a couple of days, but your head…it felt like I was drowning in wet cement. There was no light or color. I know that's coming for Mia, too, and it scares the shit out of me.\" \"Relax,\" Eric said. \"We'll take it one thing at a time, and we'll be there for her then, too. We've just got to—\" Another loud knock split a jagged line between his words, this time sounding much harder and much closer. \" Shit! \" he yelped. \"Did you see that?\" \"What?\" Rick said, looking around the room. \"The rug moved. Just now. Like there was something under it.\" Rick looked at the old worn rug on the other side of the coffee table, just off center of the living room. Odd placing, he thought, but hardly eerie. It was a simple, rustic weave of concentric rings, light upon dark—nothing spooky or menacing about it. It sat flat and still now, under a watchful eye, but Rick didn't doubt his friend's assertion. \"What the fuck is that noise! \" Mia's piercing scream echoed through the house. Rick walked quickly down the hall to her room. The long, stainless shaft of Olivia's syringe caught the light as it retreated from the vein in Mia's arm. The girl looked as though she'd been battered around by a storm and carelessly tossed ashore. Rick cringed when he saw her, wet and shivering in her sheer white gown, head rolling listlessly back and forth. \"It's okay,\" David said, kneeling with Olivia at Mia's side. He'd been holding his sister's arm still during the injection. \"She's just freaking out a little bit. She'll be okay.\" Rick could see the drugs taking effect before his eyes. Mia's face slackened and her tense, itching body went calm and loose. Her foggy red eyes fixed on him as though he was the only person in the room. A strange feeling of guilt overtook him and he avoided her stare. \"Do you hear it, Rick?\" she asked, her voice a dull croak as if she was half-asleep. \"I hear something ,\" he said. \"I think you guys should come out here for a minute.\" \"What's up?\" David asked. \"Your goddamn cabin is creeping me out!\" Eric shouted. \"That's what's up, now get in here!\" David rose to his feet. \"Mia needs to rest. Whatever this is, it can wait.\" \"I'm not staying in here alone again,\" Mia said. \"If I go to sleep, I'm sleeping on the couch, now help me up.\" Bitter but defeated, David knew better than to argue with his sister when she was healthy, let alone when she felt like shit, so he led her into the living room where they all formed a loose circle. David knew something was wrong when he saw Natalie. \"What?\" he said as she wrapped her arms around him. \"There's something under the floor, man,\" Eric said. David cocked his head. \"What are you talking about?\" \"Something down there hit hard enough to shake the place and make the damn rug jump. Don't tell me you didn't hear it this time.\" David pointed at the rug. \"That covers the cellar door,\" he said, exhaustion clear in his voice. \"It was probably just a raccoon. This cabin's been here a long time, okay? It's got some problems. Sometimes animals dig under the house. I know it's not the damn Hilton, but it's not like—\" Another resounding thump shocked them, louder than ever, and their circle tightened. Again, the center of the rug jerked as if alive or possessed of some otherworldly energy, and this time they all saw it. \"What the hell?\" David said, brow knotted in consternation. Eric shot an accusing finger at the bewitched mat. \" That was not a raccoon.\" Without fear or hesitation, David, ever the leader, stepped away from the group and gripped the rug with his calloused, work-worn fist and pulled it aside, revealing the large square outline of the hinged cellar door. The latch was free and undone, and out from it spread a horrendous dark red stain, blooming dark streaks done in the narrow swirls of wet fingertips grasping for entry…or escape. \"Holy shit,\" Olivia said. \"Is that blood?\" David swallowed a dry lump in his throat. \"Maybe. It…I don't know.\" Rick strode forward. He didn't notice Mia's hand instinctively jerk towards him when he moved—no one did. \"What's down there?\" he asked. \"Nothing,\" answered David. \"It's basically just a pit. I mean, there's an old wooden workbench and some shelves, but we haven't kept anything down there in years. The damn thing floods when it rains hard.\" Natalie gasped as a frightening thought struck her. \"Do you think maybe whoever broke in is…\" \"No way,\" David assured them. \"We'd have known by now. Besides, how the hell would the rug have gotten back over it? Get a flashlight.\" \"Are you insane?\" Mia asked, showing a jolt of energy even when weakened by the drugs in her system. \"You're not actually going down there.\" David retrieved the wrecking bar from where it leaned beside the front door. \"Calm down. Everything's all right, we're just going to check it out.\" \"Everything's not all right. Something is fucking wrong here, David!\" \" Mia! \" David barked, his calm and collection faltering. They all froze at the sudden rise of his voice. Mia stepped back, incredulous. \"Just sit down,\" he said. \"Whatever it is, it'll run back to its tunnel or whatever and we can all get some sleep, okay? Rick, help me with the door.\" They waited for Eric to get a flashlight and as David stood vanguard with the wrecking bar held tight, Rick gripped the latch and gave Mia a helpless look of empathy before he pulled, revealing the depths beneath the cabin. XXXXX The door rose with a groan as the blood seal cracked and crumbled away. The smell of dank earth and rotten eggs hit them like a staggering blow. The pungent odor was so fierce Rick nearly dropped the door back into place. \"Jesus!\" Eric said, guarding his mouth with his free hand. \"What the hell is that?\" David wasn't quite as fazed. \"I told you, it floods sometimes. Sitting water under a house is bound to smell.\" Mia covered her mouth and turned away, thankful there wasn't much in her stomach. \"You guys are idiots,\" she said through her fingers. Olivia and Natalie wrinkled their noses but otherwise stayed back. \"That's not just water or mildew,\" Rick said. \"Something's rotting down there.\" \"Probably,\" David said. \"Here, give me the light.\" He took the flashlight from Eric and cast its beam into the darkness. Rick counted nine steps as the light swept over the old, weary looking boards. \"It's not flooded right now. Let's take a look. Here, hold this.\" David held out the wrecking bar to Rick. Rick shook his head. \"No. Give me the flashlight. I'll go down first.\" \"You sure?\" \"Yeah.\" \"Be careful,\" David told him, handing off the light. \"Those steps are old. They could be rotted.\" Rick took a breath before starting down. The cruelest wave of the stench had passed, but the air was still humid and thick. He tested the steps one by one with unsure feet, hoping that he wouldn't go crashing down into the darkness and onto the waiting teeth of whatever could be down there as well. \"The stairs seem okay,\" he said near the bottom. \"But I'd still watch it coming down.\" He stepped onto dry, gritty soil. The dirt floor lent completeness to the rustic, creepy feel of the otherwise modern cabin. He could have been anywhere—another dimension or the dark side of the moon. For a moment, he was taken away and the world above didn't exist. There was just him and a single hanging bulb, floating alone in all that blackness. \"Well?\" David's voice broke through the mental haze. \"How's the wiring down here?\" Rick called up. \"There's a light hanging from the ceiling.\" \"Why don't you try it and let us know, sparky,\" Eric said, still standing up top. \"You know, I think I've seen this movie. Weird noises, dark basement.\" \"Let's hope it's not Cabin in the Woods 2: Electric Boogaloo,\" Rick said with a smirk and pulled the chain dangling just above his face. Soft, fuzzy yellow light pushed with all its might against the thick sea of darkness, revealing a chamber larger than expected, with walls of wooden slats stacked to the ceiling between rows of oozing earth. The shadows retreated to the corners, waiting for the flickering glow to once again die. \"Damn, I haven't been down here in a long time,\" David said as he reached the bottom of the steps with Eric at his back. He looked around, squinting in the faint yellow glow. \"Everything looks okay. Did you see anything when you turned on the light?\" \"No, nothing,\" replied Rick, \"but it looks like we just missed Jason Voorhees.\" \"Huh?\" David followed Rick's gaze to an axe jutting from one of the support beams along the wall like a crooked branch, most likely planted by a solid swing to left field. David set the wrecking bar on an empty wooden crate and gripped the curved hickory handle. A few strong jerks set it free from its crease in the beam and, upon inspection, it was as David thought. \"Dad's old axe,\" he said, wiping the dust from the flat side of the blade. \"It was in the shed last time I looked. Guess they didn't think to steal it.\" \"Or they weren't thieves. You said nothing was missing. Who knows why they brought it down here,\" Rick said. Eric frowned. \"It doesn't really matter. They weren't making that noise.\" \"Well,\" David said, glancing around, \"whatever it was, it's gone now.\" Rick swept the beam of the flashlight along the floor past David's shoes and up the wall behind him until finally settling on a wooden door beyond the stairs. \"What's back there?\" David looked back. \"That's the old workroom. I don't know if there's anything still in it. Dad used to go in there sometimes, but I think he was just smoking weed and jerking off.\" \"Hey, vintage porn,\" Eric said. \"Let's check it out.\" \"You were scared shitless a minute ago.\" \"I was freaked out because something was down here. Even if it's gone, I still think we should check the place and make sure.\" David, still in the grasp of bad memories, didn't bother to argue. He slid past Eric and opened the door. His voice, dampened to a tinny rasp by the surrounding earth, drifted from within. \"Holy shit.\" Rick stepped through the doorway and turned the flashlight onto the display. \"I'm guessing this stuff isn't your dad's.\" While the rest of the room was dusty and bare, a collection of oddities rested upon the large wooden workbench. The surface was littered with crushed soda cans, snack wrappers, and other assorted refuse. A dinner plate, most likely from the kitchen above, sat near the edge, its surface crusted with a dry coat of black mold and dead maggots. Whatever meal had once garnished the flatware was now unrecognizable, but still emitted an unpleasant odor just the same. The centerpieces of the spread were the most interesting to note—an outdated looking reel-to-reel audio recorder and a large rectangular shape of some sort, shiny black and wrapped in a criss-cross of grey barbed wire. Rick's body went cold with prickling fear. The sight of the object took him back to the box that had started his own trouble. He knew now that such things were not to be messed with, no matter how enticing they might be to the perversion of curiosity. Perhaps, with enough thought, he would agree that the same could be said about matters of the heart. \"Sick,\" Eric said, grimacing at the plate of sludge and mold. He looked at David, a new gleam of enthusiasm present in his eyes. \"You keepin' Leatherface down here, bro?\" \"This isn't funny,\" David said, clearly not amused. \"Somebody broke into my family's cabin. Who knows what the wacko was doing down here.\" Eric gestured at the recorder and the other object. \"Well we've got this thing, and…whatever this is. Let's find out.\" An image exploded in Rick's head. David, hanging from the ceiling, entrails caressing his face as the falling blood from his veins soaked into the dirt below. Olivia's voice dropped like a bomb. \"Will you assholes hurry the hell up down there?\" \"Yeah, we're done!\" David called. \"I don't know if we should be messing around with this stuff,\" Rick warned, knowing fully well how silly he sounded. Eric frowned. \"Why? Whoever was down here obviously split. If they were in a big enough hurry to leave this stuff, I doubt they're coming back for it.\" \"He's right,\" David agreed. \"Grab 'em and let's get back upstairs. I never liked it down here, anyway. I'll clean the rest of this shit up tomorrow.\" \"Whoa!\" Eric said, reaching beneath the workbench. \"Check this out.\" He lifted a shotgun with sawed-off twin barrels. Its blued metal shone dully in the overhead light. \"There are shells for it, too.\" \"Goddamn it, Eric, be careful with that,\" David said, pushing the muzzle of the gun toward the floor as he picked up the recorder. \"Come on. Rick, you got that other thing?\" Rick didn't answer as they walked by, leaving him alone in the room. He stared raptly and in silence at the object on the table. He ran his fingers down its face, over the coiled ropes of rust-spotted wire, and deduced that the wrapping material was black plastic, most likely a garbage bag. Whoever had previously owned it, whatever it was, clearly didn't want it to be opened. Just like the box, Rick thought. That's right, Ricky boy. Better be careful , or you and your friends could be the next ones to end up down here wrapped in barbed wire. XXXXX The group surveyed the strange collection, now assembled neatly on the coffee table. Rick had been surprised to see that Mia still clung to consciousness as he emerged from the cellar and even more surprised to see her breathe a sigh relief at his return. After the stressful events of the day, the thing he wanted most was to sit down beside her and take her sweaty hand in his own. \"I can't believe you found a gun,\" Olivia said. \"Do you even know if it's loaded?\" Partially surprised that no one, not even David, had bothered to check, Rick snatched the double-barrel from the table, thumbing the latch and breaking it open. He upturned the barrels and two empty shells slid from their respective chambers into his palm. \"It isn't,\" he said and set it back as Olivia looked on in surprise. \"Let's not go crazy over this, okay?\" David said, wanting to avoid any further shock to Mia's system. \"It's nothing. There's nobody here, and it looks like they haven't been in a while. And whatever it was bumping on the door is gone, too. So everything's cool.\" \"You shouldn't have touched anything from that basement,\" Mia said, her eyes fixed on the wire-wrapped object. Eric picked it up and took it to the dining room table. \"David, you got any cutters?\" \"Yeah, there's a toolbox in the kitchen. Or, at least there was, if it's still there.\" Olivia glared at them both. \"Are you shitting me? You don't even know what that is.\" \"Yeah,\" Eric said, \"that's the point of opening it.\" \"It's not a Christmas present,\" Rick said, walking to the table. \"I still don't feel right about this.\" \"Relax, man,\" Eric said as David reappeared and handed him the wire-cutters. One by one, he snipped away the steel strands and pulled them back. They wiggled in the air like wiry spider legs—the spiked appendages of a nightmarish arachnid. He then peeled away the garbage bag as he would a meat pack from the supermarket to reveal a book of dark tan leather joined in horrific patchwork. \"Guess you were wrong about the porn,\" Rick said. \"Yeah, but this is way better.\" Natalie shivered at the sight of the book. \"What was the guy doing down there, anyway? Voodoo or something?\" Eric shook his head. \"Nah, it's not voodoo. This is…different. Maybe some kind of witchcraft. Or Satanism. What do you think, Rick?\" \"Maybe it's an original copy of The Shining .\" \"Come on, man. I thought you were into this weird stuff.\" \"Not so much anymore,\" told him, not bothering to elaborate further. \"Well, I'm checking it out. How 'bout some coffee? Anybody?\" \"I'll make some,\" Natalie offered. David stopped her on the way to the kitchen. \"It's getting late, babe.\" \"It's okay,\" she said. \"It doesn't keep me up. Not that I'm worried about it.\" She pulled his head into a firm, lingering kiss. \"Shit,\" Eric said, flipping through the pages. \"This is crazy.\" \"Whatever,\" Olivia said, her voice cold and flat. \"I'm getting ready for bed.\" She left down the hallway and for a moment, Rick thought David was going to follow her, but he simply turned and headed for the kitchen. \"You still take coffee with your sugar and milk?\" he asked Eric. \"Umm, yeah,\" Eric said, rising from the table, \"but I'll get it myself.\" Alone in the room with Mia, Rick tried to make himself look anywhere but her direction. He walked around the table and began looking through book. It was then that the terror once again began to climb along his vertebrae. It was filled with strange, awful images and ritualistic symbols, inked in sketchy, dark red lines. Grotesque drawings of hellish beasts and corpses in various states of decay covered every page, walled by lines of esoteric symbols he had never seen before, which was saying a lot. It was true, in another time, he would have found such a thing quite interesting and exciting…but now, after all he knew… \"I don't like this.\" Startled, Rick looked up to find Mia standing next to him, looking down at an illustration of some otherworldly monstrosity, feeding a tendril of flesh into its mouth—flesh that was its own. The sheer proximity of her, the feel of warmth emanating from her skin, was almost too much. It mingled with the tension in his muscles and the ambivalence he felt toward the obscenity before him, creating a vulgar feeling of arousal within him. Another image flashed across his mind's eye, of Mia spread before him lengthwise across the table, the book open on her chest, rivulets of blood from its pages running around her breasts. \"What is that? Its tail?\" \"I think they're intestines,\" he said, chasing the terrible vision from his head. \"It's eating its own guts?\" \"Looks like it—like some kind of twisted Ouroboros.\" \"What?\" \"Ouroboros is the snake eating its own tail. It's an ancient symbol for eternity and the endless cycle of life and death.\" \"Well looking at it brings up an endless cycle of puking. Who do you think wrote this thing, anyway?\" \"I don't know, but it spooks the hell out of me.\" \"I thought you loved this kind of stuff.\" \"Normally I do, but…not today I guess. I've never seen most of these glyphs before. It's not Egyptian. Could be Sumerian, but it would have to be really old. Older than the stuff I read at Miskatonic.\" Mia stared at him as if looking far back, no sign of hostility in her eyes. \"I've missed hearing you talk nerdy. It seems like it's been so long.\" \"Yeah,\" Rick nodded, swallowing hard. \"I've missed talking with you.\" The moment between them, stretched taught like a circus highwire, was broken by Eric as he came back from the kitchen, coffee in hand. \"I knew you couldn't resist,\" he said, walking to the couch. \"Creepy stuff, huh?\" \"Yeah,\" Rick said. \"I don't know what to make of it.\" \"Me either, except that whoever wrote it was probably a fan of Ted Bundy. If there's anything half as creepy on this recorder, we'll have one hell of a party on our hands.\" \"Don't mess with that thing tonight. It's been a long day, everybody's tired. Just give it a rest till tomorrow.\" \"I'm just going to listen for a minute, okay? Besides, I know you want to know what's on it, too. Don't even try to deny it. Sixty seconds, promise.\" The recorder, marked Panasonic on its face, looked old enough to be an antique, but with a bit of manipulation of the knobs and levers, the twin reels spun to slow life. A hiss of static burst from the speakers, followed by dry silence. \"You're wasting your time,\" Rick said, making one last attempt to dissuade Eric from his endeavor. \"There's nothing on that thing but snow. Shut it off and let's get some sleep.\" Apparently conceding, Eric pawed his beard with disappointment. His finger was on the main power switch when a commanding baritone voice emerged from beneath the scratches and pops of the worn audio tape. \"—in the rear chamber of the…\"—crackle—\"…Naturom Demonto. The Book of the Dead.\" Static. \"Jackpot,\" Eric said, eyes beaming. Olivia stepped out of the hallway in her night gear, a loose-fitting jersey and cotton shorts. It was undeniable that the hand of God or nature had put her together well…very well…and the ensemble only served to accentuate that enticing fact. \"What are you guys doing in here?\" Hiss. Pop . \"…inked…blood.\" As the tape rolled on, David and Natalie likewise returned to the living room. Their cheeks were flushed hot pink and a thin gloss of perspiration marked David's hairline. Upon entry, his eyes brushed over Olivia's lower half before settling on the recorder. \"Through recitation of the books passages, the dead are given license to possess the living.\" \"That's it,\" Mia said suddenly, clearly agitated, \"turn this shit off.\" Eric smirked, an uncharacteristic shine to his eyes—a feeling inside of him of inexplicable glee at the discomfort he was causing. \"Come on, is this Lovecraft stuff really freaking you out? I just want to hear a little bit more.\" He reached out to fast-forward the reels, but the lever seemed to be jammed and wouldn't budge. \"Kunda…\" \"Hey,\" Rick said, \"enough is enough, okay? Nobody needs to hear this right now.\" The tape skipped and the pitch suddenly became deeper, drawn out and guttural. \"Astraaatttaaaaa…\" The alien word stretched from the speakers in an eerie drawl, suddenly louder than before. \"Hey!\" David suddenly barked, kicking the table. \"What!\" Eric snapped in anger. \"The fucking levers are stuck.\" \" MoonnnttttOOOSSSSEEEEE …\" the tape droned on, growing to an uncomfortable decibel. \"Eric!\" Olivia shouted over the mounting volume. \"It's not funny. Turn it off!\" \"I'm trying!\" He flipped the switch again to no avail. The audio went on in its scratchy, rasping wail, burrowing into their brains with all the precision of a rusty drill bit. Rick shook his head. \"Something's wrong. Take out the tape.\" Eric started to protest. \"But—\" \"AAAAMMMMAAAAANNTTTTOOOOSSSSSS…\" Uh oh, I don't like the sound of this, Rick. Better stop it or things are gonna get messy. \"Rip out the goddamn tape!\" Rick shouted as Mia covered her ears and screamed. \"Fuck!\" David roared. He lunged forward in one stride and grabbed the recorder off the table. \" KAAAAAANNNDAAAAOOOUUHHH...\" He hurled the recorder at the ground with all of his might. It impacted the floorboards with the sound of a gunshot and bounced a seven foot leap across the room. One of the reels flew into the air, a ribbon of tape flapping behind like a shiny tail. It landed near the dining table as the recorder came to rest against the wall. Outside the cabin, the wind died to a whisper, not unlike the last rasping death-rattles of the soon-to-be deceased. The swollen storm clouds overhead, bloated with unspilt rain, slowed to almost complete stillness. Quiet befell the static chanting of the night birds and bats and the chittering of the forest creatures. The silence was perfect. Then, all at once, a final atomic thunderclap tore the pregnant belly of the sky asunder and the great black clouds unleashed their torrent upon the world below. \"Mia? Are you okay?\" Rick said, rushing to help the frightened girl to her feet where she had fallen when the storm broke. \"Don't touch her!\" Olivia barked, falling to her knees beside Mia. \"She could be in shock for all you know.\" \"Fine, I'm sorry, but we need to get her up and out of here right now.\" David ran a hand down his haggard face. \"Christ, man, don't start this again.\" Rick couldn't believe what he was hearing. \"Are you serious? After all that's happened just tonight? I'm telling you this place is fucked.\" \"He's right, baby,\" Natalie agreed. \"This place is really creeping me out. Can't we just get out of here?\" David felt everything falling apart—the reunion with his friends, the weekend escape with his girlfriend, and most importantly, the intervention for his sister. Frustrated and scared, he scrabbled to hold the pieces together. \"No way. Mia's not going anywhere tonight, just look at her. I know you guys don't like it here, but even if she was okay to leave, it would be a really bad idea to try to get out of here in the middle of the night, it's just too dangerous in the dark. And do you hear that out there? It would be suicide in heavy rain like that.\" Eric, quiet now, was examining the recorder that he had retrieved from the floor. \"So what do we do then?\" Rick asked. \"We stick with the plan,\" David told him. \"You keep your shit together— everybody keep their shit together—and we can get through this. Don't forget why we're here. This might be Mia's last chance.\" He looked at Olivia. \"How is she?\" Olivia had her fingers at the girl's jawline. \"She just passed out. Pulse is stable and her breath is even. I think she just seriously needs some rest. Can you get her back into the bedroom?\" \"Yeah,\" David said. He bent down and scooped Mia's light frame from the floor as if she was made of straw. \"All right, I want everybody to settle down and get some sleep. Eric, stop messing with that fucking thing. I am officially done with this night.\" Rick's heartbeat was anything but settled. \"What about the storm?\" \"What about it?\" \"If it doesn't let up. If the riverbed floods. What then?\" \"We just hope it eases up by morning. That's all we can do. Don't worry, we've been through some major rains up here and that river's never flooded so bad we couldn't get across. Get some sleep, Rick.\" David took Mia down the hall with Olivia in tow. Natalie, awkwardly beautiful yet shy when left on her own, cast a sympathetic glance Rick's way. \"I think it's really sweet, how you are with Mia. For you to come all this way for her even after what you guys have been through…that's what every girl wants.\" \"Thanks,\" he said, not knowing what else to say. \"Goodnight Rick,\" she said and disappeared down the hallway, into the other bedroom. She would be sleeping with David in his and Mia's old bedroom while Olivia stayed with Mia in the other. That left Rick and Eric to rock paper scissors for the couch. Rick turned to find his scrawny, scraggly friend bent over the recorder at the table, carefully winding the stray reel back into place. \"You're not going to listen to that again, are you?\" Eric shook his head. \"No. I'm sorry, Rick. I won't do that again.\" \"It's okay. Things are just so messed up right now.\" \"This thing's actually in remarkably good shape. I think it'll still work. Guess they just don't make 'em like they used to, huh?\" \"Guess not.\" \"You want the couch? My back's a little twitchy, but I'm okay with a sleeping bag.\" \"No, that's okay. You take it. I'm not sleeping well either way.\" \"Hang tough, man.\" Eric slapped him on the back and stretched out. \"It's not me I'm worried about.\" Rick killed the light over the table and rolled out one of the sleeping bags Eric had brought. On the ground, he watched the lightning blast over the walls of the cabin in a horror show of writhing shadows. Thoughts raced through his mind, and try as he might, he couldn't block out the terrible feelings that rode piggyback. I don't know what that was, Rick, but I don't like it. Screwy words like that are used in nasty joo joo, buddy, nasty joo joo, and I've got a feeling you just fucked up real bad. Yeah , Rick thought. I've got that feeling, too.[Chapter 6] Hey again, everybody. Sorry for the long wait. I originally planned to be deeper into the story by now and for more to happen in this chapter, but I've been having a bit of a rough time getting it down. I decided it was time to post what I had and keep moving forward, so I really hope you guys are excited to see that things are starting to get crazy. As always, the comments make my day and keep me motivated and I can't thank you all enough. Special shout-outs this chapter to Springborn, Ahliz, Laurie Jupiter, N the Zombie Girl, and anyone else who favorite or followed. I can't tell you how awesome you guys are. Chapter 6 Raindrops from the tempest sky fell thick and thin in untold legions upon the forest spires. Rolling from branch to branch, they bombed the thirsty earth below through the hours of the night, beating upon the cabin roof—an interminable barrage of static on a channel that could not be changed or turned off. The sleepers, sheltered though they were from the sturm and drang , trembled and clenched in restive slumber, troubled by the weight of the night that pulled in around them, fluttering like a labored heartbeat within the cavernous cavity of some unknown creature. Through the woods by blackest speed to a clearing within a crop of stunted, skeletal trees, overgrown with brittle vines and teeming fungus, where the sallow flesh of fingers not long dead wiggled in the dirt, tilling the soil of shallow graves. The smiles of the wretched, deformed and framed by wicked little teeth, split and oozed the rancid bile of ancient evil. A yawning mound of earth, wet and soft, stretched toward the sky like a gravid belly. In the light of the flashing sky it ripped open with a wailing shriek of the most detestable birth…spilling forth the contents of Hell. XXXXX Despite the perturbing events of the previous night, by morning they were all still alive and packaged whole, save for a few small bits of precious sanity knocked loose by the chilling recording. Rick, awakening first from a fragile sleep of troubled dreams, started a pot of coffee for the rest of them. The silence of the early morning against the stark and steady backdrop of falling rain impressed upon him the allure of living away from vertically stacked civilization. Though he would always miss the groves of academia and hubs of wireless technology in the midst of which he'd grown, he couldn't deny how nice it was to be so far out, away from the smoke of the streets, from sewer grates and sirens and seven dollar lattes from Starbucks and garish full window sale signs. Separate from kiosks, cell phone stores and wi-fi cafes. Out here there was none of that. Out here, there was only dead air. Once upon a time, he could have imagined living in such a place with Mia, escaping to the rural countryside with each other to breathe away from the toxic, trickling advance of the modern world, perhaps he to work on a novel and she a painting or sculpture. Perhaps there they would sit and watch the sunset, wedding bands tinkling like chimes in their joined hands? Back then he could see it…but now? Now she was sick, heaving in the toilet down the hall as he pulled out packaged items for breakfast. Could she take another day? Could they all? Rick didn't want to find out, but the morning had inspired a somewhat renewed sense of hope. He knew the risk they ran taking her out of the woods in a frenzy, if the need still ran hot and fast in her veins. She'd bolt like a snake into hiding and the next time they'd see her would be in a stainless cooling unit at the county morgue. Though his mind, and something deeper, knew with certainty that they needed to get out of those woods, his heart would do almost anything to avoid that hurt. Olivia, groggy and exhausted from tending to Mia through the night, entered the kitchen and cast a look of surprise at Rick when she saw him pouring coffee. \"Morning,\" he said, handing her a mug. \"Morning. You're up early.\" \"I didn't sleep well.\" \"Yeah, it was a…rough night.\" Leaning against the center island, Rick looked out the window over the sink into the murky forest that had begun to look like wet marshlands. \"The rain was kind of nice, once it let up a little.\" Olivia opened the refrigerator and pulled cream, eggs, and butter. \"I think it helped Mia, the sound of it. I've never slept well during storms.\" Rick, with characteristic cynicism, regarded that at least conversation between them was the same as it had always been—wooden, but civil. They danced around the touchy subjects with as much clumsy grace as they moved about the kitchen, careful to stay out of one another's way. An early nerd, Rick was awkward by nature and knew a homecoming queen when he saw one. Though far too different to truly trust one another, they'd always gotten along fine, but he knew that ever since the drug business, Olivia had a problem with him. \"Listen,\" she said, \"are you going to freak out again like you did last night?\" \"I didn't freak out.\" \"Yes, you did,\" David said from the doorway. It didn't look as though the night's rest had helped him much. \"It's okay, though. We all did, a little. It wasn't a good day for anybody. What we want to know is if you're cool now?\" Rick nodded. \"I'm cool, but nothing's changed. No matter what you say, you can't convince me that Mia should be up here in her condition. But ,\" he looked at Olivia, \"I trust you. All of you. You can't argue with what happened last night, though. We found some messed up shit in that basement. I know you're worried about Mia—I am, too—but right now I'm worried about what happened here.\" \"I know,\" David said to console his friend, \"but breaking in is the worst thing they did. Nothing is missing, and nobody's been in here for a while. When this is over I'll go to the nearest Sheriff's station and let them know all about it. Until then, let's do what we came here to do, okay?\" Dull silence invaded the kitchen, heavy as a stone and twice as hard. Rick felt there was something more he needed to say, anything that would make sense—that would make them see —but he couldn't see clearly himself, and so the subject dropped into the nether and Rick brushed past David and left the kitchen. In the living room he found Mia alone in the corner, rummaging through his pack. \"What are you doing?\" he said in a quick panic. Startled, she turned bloodshot, wild eyes to him. \"Nothing,\" she said, her throat tight. \"I just…I was looking for some smokes.\" What a lying little bitch! the voice laughed in Rick's head. She's looking for dope and you know it. Hot little junky's got an itch and she thought you still had the shit. Disregarding the voice, Rick rushed forward to stop her. \"Mia, don't!\" \"I'm sorry,\" she stuttered, \"I just—hey, what's—\" She was gripping a wadded black sweater when he reached down and took her hand in hers. The first touch between them was electric, charged by the unseen energy in the air. Her eyes fixed on his in a hateful, loving death grip that held him without sway as he pulled her hand from the pack. \"There's nothing in there,\" he said. \"Then why'd you stop me?\" He thought quickly. \"Maybe I was just finally making a move.\" Her eyes narrowed but did not falter. \"You're not that brave…or stupid.\" Suddenly aware of heat, though her flesh was still clammy and cold, he let her hand fall and backed away. The distance was painful, but necessary. He felt that if he stayed close and stared into her eyes much longer, he would wither and crackle to a dry husk in her proximity. \"Sorry.\" She stepped forward, closing the space he'd created. \"Rick, why did you drop out of school? I want the truth. I think I deserve that much.\" He tried to look away, but the pull of her gaze was nearly too strong. \"It's complicated.\" \"It's not complicated. You either tell me or you don't, and if you don't, you're an asshole.\" \"I'm an asshole if I do.\" \"Then be one and fucking tell me!\" \"I got kicked out, okay?\" The admission forced a rattled breath from her chest. \"What? Why? Was it…was it me? The drugs? What?\" \"It's not worth getting into. There was a problem with the library. I made some mistakes. That's all.\" With a single, bitter thought hurtled through time, her eyes widened. \"Oh my God. That box. That thing! I knew you were acting weird about it. You said you took it back. You said you took all that stuff back!\" \"I did. I mean, I tried.\" \"What does that mean?\" she asked, confused. \"Did you steal that stuff? Is that why you really didn't go back to school?\" \"I tried to fix it, but they knew the box had been opened, Mia. Tampering with school property is grounds for expulsion, especially stuff like that. Felix tried to cover for me, but I couldn't let him get in trouble, too. That's all there is to it.\" She looked sick. The memories of the fateful days when it had all unraveled crashed upon her in a heavy wave. \"You lost your scholarship because of me?\" She thrust the mask into his chest and fled down the hall. \"It's not like that! Mia!\" He tried to call after her to no avail. Their conversation, brutal and short, ended with the punctuation of a single slamming door. XXXXX After breakfast, they thoughtfully avoided one another for the morning's majority. Eric, to the dismay of the group, busied himself with mending the recorder and pouring once more through the hideous pages of the book. The hours passed painfully into the afternoon and onward. By early evening the rain had climbed once again from a soothing hiss to a static drone. Mia's pain had swollen to a crescendo. Stressed and raw from the constant ache, she feared she might emit another rage-induced tirade at her friends. Without warning, she headed for the door. \"Where are you going?\" Olivia asked. \"For a fucking walk.\" Rick started after her, but was stopped by David's words. \"Let her go, man.\" He simply stood by the window, watching as Mia walked in circles in front of the cabin, around and around in the wet and the cold. Soon, the cabin filled with the aroma of cooked meat and the sharp tinkling of flatware as they sat the table for dinner. Natalie had prepared a pot roast, but the thought of food brought a sick ache to Rick's stomach. What he wanted was a drink. What's happening? he thought. This time, the voice did not butt in. \"I know you don't like this,\" David said to Rick, \"but thanks for sticking around and supporting us. Trust me, when this is over, I think we'll all see this was the best thing to do.\" Rick glanced up but said nothing. \"Don't look at me that way. You think this doesn't hurt me?\" \"I know it does,\" Rick replied. He didn't want to fight. \"We all love Mia. I know nobody wants to be here. You're a great friend and a great brother.\" Rick saw the smile bloom on David's face, and hated to have to take it away so quickly. He opened the front door and said, \"But I still think this is a bad idea and I hope Mia doesn't suffer any more for it.\" He left them in silence and pulled the door shut behind him. XXXXX He stood on the front porch and watched her trudge around in the rain, relieved to be out of the sweltering stuffiness inside. Even outside the air was heavy and everything felt slick and grimy to the touch, as if the rain was oil. He didn't know if Mia saw him come out—if she could see anything through the fog of withdrawal—but he knew that she felt him there. It was a special thing they shared—a closeness—and he felt that closeness drawing them together again after so long. Even through the sickness and the drugs and the anger, he felt a sense of peace seeing her again that he hadn't felt in a long time. It was a part of why he felt so rotten physically. A part of him had always believed that they had some deep link or empathic connection, and now he was sharing in the pain of her addiction. Shivering in the rain, Mia felt it as well. Sneaking glances at him on the porch, she could tell when he was in pain, when the cramps racked his stomach the way they racked her own. As much as she would have denied it, she felt relieved that he was there. His presence softened the agony, even as much as she hated to admit it. She wanted to scream at him and run into his arms and hold him close. She wanted to pound her fists against him until they were sore. She wanted to bite him and kiss him at the same time, to draw blood just to know that he was real, that he was there, that he was made of flesh and blood that she could feel and taste and touch. She wanted to cuss into his face and let him know how much she hated him for leaving her alone. \"I love you, you fucking bastard! I love you! Why did you go? \" The worst part was that she felt like she couldn't be mad, that she didn't have the right. She hated herself most of all for hooking him on the junk with her, not content to wriggle on the line all by herself. She needed his heart beating erratically next to hers. She needed to share a vein. He stepped down off the porch and stood behind her. He watched the rain beat down on her hair and run between the sharp ridges of her shoulder blades. He felt the urge to kneel down and put his head against her back. The ragged rise and fall of her ribcage wasn't enough. He needed to feel her breathing. \"Mind if I stand in the rain with you?\" he asked. \"Be my guest.\" \"Maybe if we're lucky we'll catch pneumonia.\" \"Yeah, that would give our resident nurse something to do.\" \"They're trying, Mia.\" \"Fuck them. Don't defend their shit. They didn't even want you here.\" He glanced back at the cabin, hoping nobody inside could hear their conversation through the rain. \"That's not true.\" \"You know when Olivia found out I was using the first time she thought it was you? Can you believe that? She thought you got me on it, and when I told her the truth, she thought you were the one enabling me because you got on it, too. She thought you were bad for me…you were the only thing holding me together.\" The words felt like she'd stabbed him with something hot and sharp and broke it off in his chest. He was trying so hard to get over the past, and he couldn't bear to be reminded of how he'd left when she needed him the most. What the others thought of him meant nothing in that moment, but the reminder of his betrayal was agonizing. \"Mia, I didn't know—\" \"And then after you left, they tried to convince me that it was for the best. That it was a blessing in disguise, a chance for a clean start.\" \"Maybe—\" \"Don't!\" She spun on him with fire in her eyes. \"Don't you dare! They believed that. I never did. They didn't know any better, but you do! I know you don't really believe it. You say you do, but that's because you're full of shit! You can't believe it. You're not that big of a moron!\" \"All right,\" he said, \"I get it.\" She went back to walking her circle. \"So don't stand up for them. I know they're trying to help me, and I'm thankful, I really am, but they don't know. They don't fucking know.\" They were both quiet until Mia's feet shuffled to a stop once again. She brushed the wet hair from her eyes and registered the look of hurt on his face. She knew instinctively what he was thinking. \"It's not your fault, you know? I know I've been a bitch, but I don't blame you. You wanted to leave. You had shit to deal with. I get that. You had every right to do what you needed to do.\" \"I still think I did the wrong thing.\" \"But you're not the reason I…I'm trying to tell you it's not your fault I got so fucked up.\" \"Goddamn it, Mia. It doesn't matter. I thought you were in the clear, but I wasn't. I was drinking so much I was blacking out and waking up with shit broken all over my apartment and I was afraid I was going to hurt you some night. That's why I left, but I was wrong.\" \"But you're better and I'm not. It's good that you left.\" \"No, it's not. I realized that when I couldn't get in touch with you. If I could go back I would have chucked the damn bottle and stayed right there with you.\" \"And you'd have ended up right back on that shit with me.\" \"Maybe, but we'd be sick together. We'd be dealing with it and getting over it again together. That's why I need to know where I stand with you. I'm here until you get better, there's nothing you can do about that, but I…I need to know if you really hate me.\" Her shoulders slumped in disappointment, and she looked at him with pity, as if he just didn't get it. \"I don't hate you. I never hated you. I was mad at you for leaving, but I was furious because I let you. I wanted you around but I…I mean, I didn't say anything.\" She looked at the ground. \"Why didn't I say anything?\" \"You know I've asked myself the same question over and over again for months? Through all the bullshit, we were both so stubborn we couldn't look one another in the face and say what we felt? I couldn't grab you and say, 'Mia, I'm fucked up so bad right now, and I don't want to ruin your life but I want to stay with you so please just put up with my shit!'\" \"And I couldn't grab you and say, 'I'm fucked up, too, so please don't leave because I want you here.'\" He looked into her eyes clearly for the first time. \"Why couldn't we just do that?\" \"Because we're stupid. I'm stupid. I'm so sorry. This whole thing, all this shit, it's all my fault.\" \"No,\" he protested. \"I started snorting that shit…and I got you to do it, too, and here I've been trying to make you feel worthless. You should run like hell. I just…I'm sorry.\" \"You didn't force me to do anything, Mia. I made the choice. I've tortured myself enough for both of us, and so have you. Be mad at me all you want, but don't push me away because you're mad at yourself. That's what I did, and it was a mistake. I took off because I didn't want to drag you down, but I…I shouldn't have worried about that. That's what we do, Mia. We drag each other down, then we help each other back up. We're so fucked up we can barely exist on our own, but if that's the way it has to be, I'd rather be fucked up with you. That's why I started that stuff with you instead of knocking it out of your fucking hand. If you had to be in Hell, I wanted to be there too, roasting over the same open fire. You and me.\" She shook her head in staunch defiance. There was something still between them he couldn't see. It was something she never wanted him to know, but now, in order to mend, she had to reveal the secret of that terrible time. \"You don't understand.\" \"Then help me.\" \"The guy I got it from,\" she swallowed the most awful dryness in her throat, \"I was fucking him behind your back…while we were…I don't know what we were. It was when I didn't have any money. He was giving me fixes.\" The rain dripped from his lowered head. \"I know.\" She looked up in dazed surprise. \"What?\" \"I came to see you once when I was supposed to be in class. I saw you let him in…I saw him when he left. I just…knew.\" \"So…all that time…you just never said anything?\" \"I didn't know what to say. What do you think would have happened? I didn't know how to confront you about it and I didn't want to lose you. So I just…let it happen. But that's not why I left, Mia, I promise.\" Closing her eyes tight, she gripped her wet hair in frustration. \"I'm so fucking stupid. He was murdered. I never told you that, but I was just freaking out about where I was going to get it next. What if the psycho that killed him had followed him to my apartment?\" Yeah, Rick? What about that? You gonna let her in on that little nugget of truth? Imagine, if she could have seen the fun we had stompin' that fucker's face open. Rick shook his head to clear the voice and the images that threatened to strangle him. \"I don't care,\" he sputtered. \"It's over. I just want to leave all of that behind for good.\" \"Goddamn it, Rick. Why would you come up here? After all that?\" \"It's doesn't matter. Maybe neither of us deserves anything good. Maybe all we deserve is pain and disappointment, but I don't care. The only thing I care about right now is you getting better.\" Well, well, isn't this a pretty fucking picture. A massive wave of thunder cracked the sky and beat down upon them. \"Oh God,\" she said, suddenly doubling over in pain. Mingled drops of tears and spittle flew into the rain as she fell to her knees, choking. \"Jesus.\" He put a hand on her shoulder. \"For real, Mia, are you okay? I'm scared. You shouldn't be here.\" Raising her gaze to the sky, she marveled at how disgustingly frightening the place had become. There was nothing good left for her there. Memories of summers long since passed had been replaced with images of her mother, skeletal and dying, resigned to a hospital bed. \"Please God,\" Mia entreated softly to the thundering heavens above, \"give me a break.\" He knelt down. \"You don't get a break, not this time. You had your fun, you made the bad choices, but now that's all over. It's time to get serious. This time the only way is the hard way.\" She let the rain wash onto her lips and spit again, trying to clear the acidic taste from her mouth. \"You don't…\" \"What? I don't know what it's like? You know I do, and I know you're going to come through it. You're the strongest person I've ever met.\" Her body went stiff in surprise as she felt him fall down behind her. His legs squished into the mud and needles between her own. A warmth better than any drug filled her stomach when he wrapped his arms around her and folded himself over her frame. Her back melted into his chest as he brought his cheek to hers, the steam of their breath becoming one in the cold air. \"I would go through every second of it again to bring you through this,\" he said. \"I need you to know that.\" She closed her eyes and gripped his forearms with shaking hands as if he was her only anchor, keeping her from drifting off into delirium. \"I do. I know. Just don't leave again. Just don't leave…\" \"I'm not going anywhere. When everything fell to shit, you're the only thing I had faith in, and you still are.\" For the first time in a long while she smiled a fragile but genuine smile before her jaw clenched as another wave of torment shook her body. \"I'm going to beat this,\" she said through gritted teeth. \" We're going to beat this, and then we're getting out of these fucking woods.\" He helped her to her feet and reached up as if he was about to touch a house of cards and placed his hands on her smooth shoulders. \"Mia, I love you. It scares the hell out of me to say that, but this time I'm going to do it anyway. I love you more than I've ever loved anything, and I will do whatever it takes to help you through this. I don't give a shit what your brother thinks, or our friends. If you say you want out of here, we will leave right now.\" \"I love you,\" she said and moved into his arms. They gripped each other close in the falling rain. For the first time, Mia felt a feather-tap of happiness against her heart. She felt, though hesitantly, that everything might end up okay, but when she looked up next, her soul froze in terror. XXXXX Within the cabin, Eric retreated to the silence of the master bedroom, where he sat at a small wooden table against the wall. The book in all of its hideous glory was open in front of him, enthralling him with gore-stained pages of infernal art. The more he studied the work, the more the incantations became clear. Even without a code or cryptex, in his euphoric study it seemed as though the queer symbols and glyphs were deciphering themselves in his head. Ritual…blood…sacrifice. The book was a captured image of untold pain in a place on par with the worst descriptions of Hell. It was showing him the gateway. Lost in a dark zone of thought, horrid images flashed inside his skull. He imagined, as though watching a vivid horror film, that he walked into the kitchen and slashed David's throat open with a knife, grinning and laughing as his best friend's blood poured over him. Then the women—they would be his to do with as he wished, to fulfill every perverted desire for the grotesque amusement of the hidden beings watching from the shadows. Natalie would cry as he made Olivia scream for hours on end. Eric gagged and came back to himself, frightened at the violent thoughts invading his mind. He felt a sense of utter revulsion wash over. He would never even consider hurting anyone like that, not in a million years. But the book. It was so interesting, so crazy. He couldn't resist the pull of such raw perversion. Running his hand along the face, he knew instinctively what he would not dare to say. Flesh…it was bound in flesh. Just a few more pages , he thought, then I'll put it away . He turned the page, and the next image struck his heart with such terror, he clutched the book closed and threw it onto the bed. Sweating, he sat back in the chair and breathed deeply. In and out. XXXXX She would have screamed had she not been enveloped in his arms, but he knew something was wrong when her muscles seized. It wasn't the withdrawal, it was something else, something awful. The pain of skin clenched tight between her fingers sent fire up his arms. He turned and saw the pale figure with long, black hair, standing in the woods on the crest of a small hill at the edge of the clearing. Even though its face was obscured by obsidian strands, the weight of its gaze was like a physical pressure bearing down on them. Mia's tremors progressed into full on shaking as she broke down into sobs, obviously fearing she was much sicker than she thought, but he knew it was something worse than that. Something was terribly wrong. Lightning flashed blue-white, forcing his eyes closed. When he opened them, the phantom shape was gone. \"I think I'm in trouble,\" Mia croaked, pleading to him with her eyes. \"I'm…I'm seeing things, awful things. I think I'm losing my mind.\" Rick hesitated only a moment. Fuck it , he thought, after all we've been through, I'll be damned if I'm going to hold back on her now . \"No,\" he told her. \"I saw it, too.\" The shock of his words forced her shivers to lessen. Slowly, her eyes, full of uncertainty, rose to meet his. \"What…what does that mean?\" He shook his head. \"I don't know.\" \"Should we tell the others?\" \"I…I don't think that would be a good idea. I think they're pretty set on trying to keep you here.\" \"What do you think?\" \"I want you to get better. I need you to kick this thing, but…I don't think we should be here. Something's not right. I know you feel it too. I just don't know what to do.\" \"Then we'll leave,\" she said, digging her fingers into his arms again. \"We'll just go.\" \"Mia.\" \"No bullshit, okay? No games. I don't know what's going on. Maybe I'm going crazy, or…or maybe I'm just sick, but I'm not even thinking about getting high right now. I just don't want to be here. Please, Rick. Please, just take me home.\" If ever there was a time for him to be there for her, he knew this was it. The conflict came from not knowing what he should do. Would caring mean taking her away from that terrible place or making her stay? One thing was for sure, he wasn't going to leave her side, he wasn't going to let her get near the drugs ever again, and he was damned if he was going to let her die crazy and sick in the middle of the woods. \"Okay,\" he said. \"We'll go.\"[Chapter 7] Chapter 7 Mia was first through the door, carried quickly by fear and panic, dripping water as if she'd just come from a swim. Shivering with cold, she crossed to the coffee table in three great strides where she scooped up her purse in trembling hands. \"They're not going to let us leave,\" Rick had said outside. \"They'll try to stop us.\" \"David wouldn't do that,\" she told him, shaking her head. \"He…he can't.\" \"Just get the keys and head straight for the door. I'll cover you the best I can.\" \"I'm not leaving without you.\" \"I've just got a really bad feeling about this, okay? Hopefully, it won't go down that way, but if it does…\" He took one last look at her face, her eyes, her pale lips. \"Just go,\" he said. The seriousness in his voice, the concern in every word, reverberated through her even now. He was going to see her out of those woods even if it meant having to separate from her again, and as she readied herself for what was ahead, she hoped it wouldn't come to that. Like clockwork, Olivia appeared from the hallway with a big sister's stern look, approaching as Mia gathered what few things she had and shoved them into her purse. \"What are you doing?\" Mia wiped the rainwater from her eyes, trying also to wipe away the haunting memory of the thing she had seen in the woods. \"I have to get out of here. I can't…I just have to. Rick and I are going home.\" She met Rick's eyes with a fiery gaze as he stood by, though he didn't withdraw or submit, but met her reproachful stare with solid resolve. Somehow he had known for a while it was coming to this, the breaking point where he would either lose his friends or his love. Heart sinking, he realized with sadness and shame that he couldn't save both. Burdened by this heavy truth, he retrieved his pack and keys in silence as Mia prepared to leave. \"Come on you guys, the party isn't over yet,\" Olivia said, trying to calm Mia's hands. Stricken by their icy cold, she felt a moment of fear. \"Please, Mia, stop.\" Unaware of the barriers constructed to bar her escape, Mia grabbed her friend and continued in vain, trying to make them understand. \"I'm going insane here,\" she pressed, on the verge of breakdown. \"I feel like I'm losing my mind.\" David, sitting aside in a darkened corner, rose to his feet. \"Mia, what is it?\" She took a breath and tried to compose herself. \"Guys, I will do this, okay? I just…I can't do it here.\" Olivia, pained but resolute, steeled herself for the coming backlash and shot from the hip. \"Mia, we've decided we're not going to take you back.\" Frozen to stillness, sadness and hurt clouding her face, Mia looked back and forth from Olivia to David. The hard impact of the reality before her hit hard and fast. \"We can't lose you again,\" Eric said. \"You have to stick it out this time.\" \"But Rick—\" \"Rick isn't thinking straight.\" Olivia said. Mia, filled with disbelief and a new sense of betrayal, forced a stern edge to her voice. \"David, get your stuff, we're leaving.\" David looked to the floor in shame. In her voice he heard their mother, as if the years hadn't driven a wedge between them and the sickness hadn't take her away. When he didn't answer, didn't move, the room took on a new shade of silence; heavier, thicker. She spun on her brother. \"I want out of here, David. Do you hear me? I can't do this, I can't be here!\" David forced himself to meet her eyes. If he wavered now, he might give in completely. \"Maybe they're right.\" \"You're supposed to be here to support me, not them.\" \"I'm here for you, Mia. I believe in you. I know you're hurting, but…we're not leaving.\" \"What?\" Mia said, eyes narrowed, the light of her torment burning dark within them. \"Look, just take it easy—\" \"Oh my god! I am such an idiot. To think that once in my life I could count on you.\" \"Mia—\" \"Screw you, David! Rick and I are leaving.\" \"You're not going anywhere,\" Olivia said. She took a step forward. She was taller than the small, sick girl and in good health. She would probably be able to subdue her friend if she tried. \"Mia, I don't want to give you another shot, but I will if I have to.\" Rick cut between the two girls, hoping to diffuse the tense situation. \"Guys, please, just hear us out.\" \"Just stop, Rick,\" David said. \"I asked you as a friend…as a brother…to help us get Mia well.\" Rick nodded, hurt by the disappointment in David's eyes. \"You're right. I made a promise, and I'm going to see it through, but this isn't the place to do it. You have to see that. Just take her home, David. I promise I won't leave her side when we get back.\" \"No, you are leaving. As soon as the rain let's up, you're going to get on your bike and ride out of here.\" Mia started, worried and afraid that the one person who understood might be ripped away from her. \"No!\" Eric looked up in surprise. \"David. Come on, man.\" \"I don't want to hear it.\" On the verge of losing everything, Rick tried to get through to his friend. \"David, just listen—\" \"No, you listen! She's my family, Rick. She's the only family I have left. I told you we were going to do this with or without you. I didn't want this. I didn't want any of this! I can't let you ruin everything.\" \"Stop it right now!\" Mia shouted at her brother. \"What the hell is wrong with you?\" \"Mia, don't,\" Rick told her, and when she turned to unleash hell on him again, she softened when she saw his eyes. They weren't shameful and apologetic. They were clear and knowing. Slowly, almost imperceptibly, he nodded toward the table by the hallway, where the keys lay. \"Once the rain lets up, I'm gone,\" he said, moving away from the group, drawing their attention. \"You're right. I can't keep it together here. I tried, but I guess I'm just no good to anyone now.\" \"Hey,\" Eric said, \"nobody's blaming you, okay? This has been hard on everyone.\" David put his hands on Rick's shoulders. \"Why did have to do this? We are so close. Why couldn't you just stick it out?\" \"I love her, David,\" Rick said, looking up. \"I just can't see her like this. I told you if she asked me to take her home I'd fold. I'm sorry, but you're blind if you can't see something is wrong here.\" David began to speak when the sound of a closing door broke them all from the conversation at hand. \"Mia?\" David asked, scanning the room for her, but she was gone. \"Mia!\" he said again, heading for the hallway. Olivia tried to stop him. \"David, let her be.\" David, ready to make almost any compromise to ease the strain between he and his sister, leaned hopelessly against the door. \"Mia, I'm sorry. Just…come out, okay? We'll talk this through.\" He expected to walk in on tears or fury, but when he pushed open the creaking door, he met with an empty room and the dull flutter of wet curtains billowing from an open window. \"Shit!\" \"What is it?\" Natalie asked as David rushed back into the living room, touching the bare table where the keys had been. \"She's gone.\" At his words, the roar of an engine shook through the cabin. \"No, goddamn it! No!\" David yelled as he ran for the door. Please get stuck in the mud. Please let her get stuck in the fucking mud! He broke into the biting evening air as the tail lights of the Jeep disappeared over the crest of the road at the end of the clearing. Bad move, Ricky boy, the voice chided in Rick's head. It's bad enough letting a woman behind the wheel, but a strung out junkie lightweight like that? She's probably wrapped around a tree right about now. When the initial sting of fear and anger passed, the message was clear. It was time to go. Rick slung his pack over his shoulders and made straight for the door. David, stressed to the breaking point, turned like a frightened dog and grabbed him on the way out. \"What are you doing?\" he said, hands locked onto Rick like shackles of ice. \"I'm going after her.\" \"I trusted you!\" \"David! I have to get to her. Hate me if you want, but you can't stop me.\" Rick tore away from his friend and bolted for his bike. The mud had become so saturated and thick it suctioned to his shoes as he ran, threatening to trip him up. An inch worth of tire on both ends had already submerged into the soft ground, and it hit him hard—the gravity of the mistake they had made. Those roads would be far too dangerous for driving, and in Mia's state of mind, getting behind the wheel might have been the worst thing she could have done. \"Damn it!\" Rick screamed into the rain as he kicked the starter and the bike jumped to life. \"The only fucking way is the hard way!\" Gunning the accelerator with a death grip, he tore across the clearing and bounded down the road as if he had the devil at his back. Take it easy, Rick , the voice inside his head sounded over the roar of the engine and the crackling of rain against his face. How far ahead had she gone? How long until he would reach her? The bike lurched over another rise in the road and tore through a puddle five feet wide, tires spraying clumps of mud into the air. His jeans were already soaked through and caked with wet earth. \"No! I fucked up. This is all my fault! She could be dead because of me!\" You'll be dead because of you if you don't slow the fuck down. Rick pushed harder, fueled by anger and deep seething need. He had come so far, gone through so much to find her and get her back, and he had lost her again! Tearing through the torrents that lashed his eyes and face, he prayed with everything he had that he wouldn't find her broken and dead in a rain-filled hole on the side of the road or splayed out across the hood of the Jeep in a mess of blood and shattered bone. XXXXX Mia, wet and freezing and on the verge of panic, shaking so badly she could hardly hold the wheel, barreled through the forest along the waterlogged mud road that led back to civilization, though it drove like the highway to Hell. Every bump, every rise, every flooded hole in the ground threatened to rip the wheel from her grasp and send her sliding off into the woods. A fire burned inside her now, worse than the need for the drug. It was hate, a self-loathing brought on by thoughts of Rick. It wasn't the fact that she was running that got her the most. It was that Rick had shown up. He'd sought her out and made good after all the shit they had put each other through. He poured his guts out in the cold and the rain with her and she, gripped by fear and anger, had left him behind. Now, alone and sick, she found herself tumbling along the limits of control. \" Aaaaaahhhh fuck! \" she screamed into the emptiness of the Jeep's cab. \" Fuck fuck fuck! What the fuck am I doing?\" Maybe, Mia thought in her feverish head, Rick was still coming. Maybe he was on his way after her right now. Maybe in a moment he would appear in her rearview and…No! Not in this weather! It was idiotic enough for her to be driving. There was no way in hell his bike would move along those roads. But what if he did try to come after her? What if he'd driven off the road and was laying under the twisted, smoking wreck of his motorcycle, lungs filling up with blood and rain? She had to go back. Inside she knew that if she went on without him, without something to hold, to anchor her to hope, she would slide again. She hadn't gotten rid of all of it. No, of course not. She wasn't that stupid. Just to get Olivia off her back. It already felt like it had been so long. It felt like forever ago. She knew where to get what she needed, to run the demons out of her head. The thought of it now—a hot spoon and a sharp needle on a cold, wet night. \" Damn it! No! \" she cried. Going back to the world like this wasn't an option, but she couldn't stay in the cabin any longer. Something in those woods was terribly wrong. Even now, speeding through the downpour, she dared not look off into the woods for fear of the faces she might find peering out. No, she would go back for Rick. She had told him she loved him. It was something she'd said before, during those crazy wild nights together, when they were so high they didn't think they'd possibly remember anything. She had told him she loved him, and it was a lie. But now…now it was true, and she wasn't going to leave without him. At the creek, if the water wasn't too high, she could turn and head back. Darkness was falling quickly, and in a few more miles she wouldn't be able to see. Glancing from the road for just and instant, she flicked on the high beams, and when she looked up, what she saw destroyed any sense of hope growing in her heart. The creature, long and pale, chest soaked with putrid yellow bile, appeared in the headlights, shaking like a rabid beast and frothing black ichor at the mouth. Mia screamed and jerked the wheel to the left. The Jeep lurched, bounced and flew into the air, crashing through a bramble of thick bushes. The nose dipped forward and the Jeep went sliding down a shallow drop-off. Mia had no idea how far down from the road the slope ran. It seemed to go on forever before she blasted thunderously into what had just the day before been an enormous dry trench. Thrown by the sudden halt, Mia smashed into the steering wheel and went limp. Unconscious, she hung in a black nothing state between wakefulness and sleep, as awful gushing cold enveloped her, crawling along her skin like oil. It ran quickly up her legs—a freezing bath of shadows. After an untold time in that darkness she sputtered, breathing in wet, foul smelling air. She opened her eyes to find herself in a brand new Hell. The trench had become a lake, and now the Jeep was filling with brackish bubbling water as the sheer weight of the frame pushed it deeper and deeper into the mud beneath. Still dizzy from the impact, Mia recognized the danger straight away. She scrambled for the door handle, praying the crash hadn't wedged the door shut. Bracing herself, she groaned and pushed with all of her might. With a hollow wail, the door popped and swung open and she went floundering into the body of water face first. Runoff, icy cold and vile, invaded her nostrils. She choked down a mouthful of the muddy liquid before pulling herself to the surface. Scrabbling along the side of the Jeep, she heaved up the gritty mix of rainwater and acidic bile that swirled like a cold eel inside her stomach. The edge was only feet away but it seemed like a mile. She hesitated to let go of the Jeep for fear of becoming stuck in the mud. Her strength was failing fast and the will to fight was going with it. She stepped down and her foot sunk deep into ground beneath. It was quicksand. It was death—slowly pulling her down to a watery grave. The rank water brushed her chin, broke past her lips and flooded her mouth. She gagged, spit, screamed, and sunk deeper. She looked up and thought of angels in the sky, punching through the obsidian clouds without a care for her. Abandoned and defeated, her tears met the disgusting liquid rising to her eyes. \"Mia!\" The water exploded behind her. Fear and delusion informed her that the creature from the road had found her there at the bottom of the hill. It had come to drive her under the water and finish her off before feasting on her bloated corpse. \"I've got you!\" The words seemed to come from far away as warm, familiar arms wrapped around her core and pulled. Face breaking from the foul bog, Mia spit and wept and turned into Rick, clinging to his shirt as they swam and pulled and scrabbled hard for dry, or at least drier, land. The wide trench narrowed and grew shallow as they approached the edge. Flanked by mountains of moss and dew covered growth along the lip, they crawled hand over hand through a clinging, gritty mixture of water and sediment. The rain had come to a sudden stop during the time Mia was unconscious, but the forest had become a swamp over the course of the storm and the water would take days to recede and soak into the land. \"Rick! Oh my God!\" Mia cried, her throat raw and burning. She was swallowing fire. He held her face and looked deeply into her eyes. \"Are you okay?\" he asked. \"It was…I just…\" She tried to form the words to express her terror. \"Did you see it?\" \"See what?\" \"The thing back at the cabin…in the trees. It was in the road.\" Head pounding and dripping wet, Rick looked up cautiously and peered around the edge of the trench. The forest had become eerily quiet, and post-rain mist was creeping in from all sides. \"I think we messed up, Mia.\" Mia shook her head hopelessly, still struggling for breath. \"I don't know if I can keep going. I'm so scared.\" \"I am, too. We have to get back to the road, then maybe…we can…\" A wet, bubbling rasp drew their attention to the trench behind them. \"What is that?\" Mia whispered. Get me out, Rick! Get me out now! The voice rose like troubled dust in his head. A shriek pierced the silence as a figure— the figure—draped in long black hair and caked in mud, exploded out of the water. \"Holy shit!\" Rick yelled. Mia screamed and they both scrabbled up over the edge of the trench as the haggard creature clawed after them, one eye blazing with bright darkness from between strands of oil-black hair. As Rick tried to rise, a grip of ice locked around his ankle and pulled him back into the muck. \"Rick!\" Mia screamed, looking back with eyes full of terror. \"Mia, run! Get the hell out of—\" Rick's words gargled and mixed with the sludge that filled his mouth as he went under. The creature, with deathly gaze locked on Mia, weighed him down as it crawled up his back, ripping red lines where it clutched. Mia ran, whipped and beaten by the dry bones of the forest, choking and exhausted and drunk on the rotten fetor of decay emanating from the dank ground. She tore through the forest at a stumbling pace, sure the creature would soon be at her back with Rick's blood dripping from its jaws. The way ahead grew bare and desiccated, choked of the sun by a canopy of dead branches overhead. Naked of the bushy undergrowth that crowded other areas of the woods, all that resided around her was moss and rotting wood. Behind her, Rick splashed out of the bog as the weight lifted from his back. Blindly, he thrashed around for a target until his vision cleared, but when he scanned his surroundings, he found that he was alone. Fearing that the all-too-real phantom was at Mia's heels, he bolted after her, hoping he they wouldn't lose each other in their blind fright. Running on the fuel of pure fear and panic, Mia slipped and took to a roll down another, slower downgrade. End over end she tumbled until she met a bramble of coiled, creaking vines. She twisted and fought to free herself, falling deeper into the web like a fly to a spider's snare. Breathless, she staggered to her feet and, with no other recourse, pushed further into the prison of bouncing coils, too afraid to turn back. A wickedly sharp barb speared her skin and she cried out in pain. Her pale arm stretched taught as she looked back at the vine wrapped around her hand, slick and red with her blood. She pulled with all her might, backing up into a thick, ropey thicket of coils that cut at her legs. Break, damn it! Break! she screamed over and over in her head, trying to drown out the agony flaring through every limb. \"Mia!\" She heard Rick's voice from somewhere in the nest of spikes and death. As another jolt of hope shot through her, the vine snapped and she tumbled backward, spinning into the blades of the earth. She fell into a vine strung between two trees, and though she tried to remain calm as she choked, her eyes bulged wide as she felt the length of it wrap around her throat like a constrictor. She grasped for purchase on the ground with which to set herself upright, but succeeded only in brushing about the dead needles below. He legs and arm were bleeding freely, now wrapped with thick bindings of thorny bush. \" Rick !\" she screamed. He was there, pulling through the biting creepers as they looped about him as if with a mind of their own. \"Mia!\" he shouted. \"Mia, hold on! I'm almost there, just hold on!\" So close—he was so close! She turned her head and he was able to see her face, her eyes crazed and on the verge of total insanity. Another few feet and he would be at her side, able to free her from that damned place, but the vines, they wrapped around and stung into his body at seemingly all angles. \"No!\" he said as he looked past Mia. She followed his gaze and froze as they bore witness to the face of the creature that hunted them. It looked…like Mia. A hideous, grotesque version of her, but a doppelganger nonetheless. Its skin was milky white and yellow eyes glowed from its skull like twin beacons of hellfire. It took a step toward Mia. \"Get away from her!\" Rick cried out, struggling with every ounce of strength. All right, Rick. Now's the time, buddy. No more talk, no debates. \"No!\" You've got no choice! Get me out, Rick. Get me out! With a final burst of human power, Rick tore free of the snares and charged toward Mia. A ripping sound filled the air as his pack, shredded by the sharp barbs, fell free to the ground. He charged for the Mia-creature, willing to do whatever he must, but a new wave of spiked creepers lashed from all around, ensnaring him once again. The vines wailed in unison as they stretched and pulled, lifting Rick and Mia off the ground. Rick's pack, caught in the barbs as the ropes whipped along the ground, burst open and spilled its contents; toiletries and medicine, a bottle of water, a magazine, his spare clothes, and one final item. Suspended in the air, even as her mind babbled in disbelief, Mia recognized the item that tumbled out from between a wad of shirts. The mask. It was grayish in color, of some strange material with the smooth but worn texture of ancient wood and the heft and gloss of polished bone. There were two narrow openings for eyeholes. It had no nose and only abstractly oblong portals above the jaw line, but the rest was smooth nothing. That is not to say it was without feature. For a mask without a face, it gave the distinct impression of something hateful and grim. It seemed to gaze up at Mia with the same odd sense of remembrance for her as she had for it. Despite his own objections, Rick found himself reaching for the mask. Hot lines in the flesh of his arm peeled back red and wet as he grasped, spitting profanities and half-syllables in a garbled mess. The doppelgänger took another step toward Mia, whose choking now sounded as if she was suffocating from the pressure of the vines. \"Mia, fight!\" Rick called to her. \"Try to get loose!\" But Mia was mesmerized by the awful beauty of the thing. It stood, horrid and elegant amidst the hell of the barbwire world. It embodied the calm and lovely demeanor she had always wished she could project, though it reeked of rotted flesh and smiled an evil smile. In its eyes there burned pure malevolence. Another step closer. Rick looked up from the mask. When he spoke, the voice was not his own, it was full of trembling force that shook the woods around them. It was as though he was drawing some kind of power from the object. The whites of his eyes blazed bright like twin beacons. \" Touch her and I'll rrrrriiiipppp your soul to shreds! \" Some of the vines holding Mia in place loosened and snapped, allowing her body to sag to the dirt floor. It was only a minor reprieve, however. Within moments they regrouped and began twisting around her limbs again, spreading her legs apart. The vines around her throat fell free and when she breathed it felt as though she was in the midst of a toxic burning cloud. \" Fuck you, you fucking bitch! I'll tear you apart!\" he raged. The copy looked quickly at Rick and instantly more vines twisted around his face. The thing turned back to Mia as the girl tore once again at her bindings. She watched in abject terror as it opened its mouth impossibly wide and a great bloody black and grotesque thing —a knotted tentacle of barbed vines covered in dark blood—snaked out. Time's running out, Rick. Last chance, buddy. Let's make a deal. The tentacle mass snaked and twisted through the vines on the ground until it reached Mia, where it wrapped around her ankle and began a slow, torturous ascent up her leg. It was cold and wet and strong, moving slowly toward the place that led inside. When Mia realized this, and knew it would destroy her, the last of her spirit gave out. Come on! Do it now or it's all over! Rick folded forward, his face contracted in grief and despair. \"I can't…not again.\" Don't be a dumbass. You can't fight it alone, Rick. You need me, you stupid son of a bitch. You need me! I am NOT going to rot away in these woods with your fucking corpse, so grow a goddamn pair, and let's rip this fucker a new asshole! The slimy thing rounded her knee, halfway up the slow climb that would send her into ultimate hell. She tore her gaze away and captured Rick's eyes as he fought and groaned and his torn, bloodied chest heaved in agony. He had managed to clear his face of the vines that had wrapped about it like a wicker cage. Blood coated him from brow to chin. He looked at her and every part of him ached. He had failed her. Failed because he wasn't willing to submit, to risk becoming a vile beast of a different kind. \"Mia...please...you have to fight...you have to try...\" With one final reach he felt the solidity of the mask fill his hand. \"Rick, I'm sorry,\" Mia cried as the thing crept around the final turn of her thigh. She closed her eyes. \"I love you.\" An awful, splitting, inhuman shriek filled the air, it's horror hidden from the world by the towering protection of the dark forest. XXXXX The distant sun was setting. At the horizon, the blunt edge of the night stretched upward—grey, then red, then deepest black, painting over the canvas of the storm-drenched day. Deep in the woods, cloaked by rolling mist, the silhouettes of ragged creatures lurching, dragging, scraping along the muddy forest floor. Closer and closer, moving toward living flesh they shambled, called by blood and bone and the scent of that most delectable treat—the human soul in despair. Thanks to everybody who's still with me. I feel like I have the best readers. All the great comments and PMs I get really make it worth it and you guys keep me going. I get down when I haven't written any original material in a while but I just tell myself it's okay. I've been taking a break, having fun with fanfiction, updating my Amazon author page and just trying to move forward. Hoping I can get a professional website up one day. Anyway, thanks again to everybody. Shouts to AhlizEvilDead, Laurie Jupiter, Oberon Sexton, CosmiLoathe, and anyone else I might have missed for their wonderful feedback on the last chapter.[Chapter 8] Hey again everyone. I hope you guys had an awesome Halloween! Bit of a short update this time. Trying to ratchet up the tension before all Hell breaks loose. I hope everybody is still with me and ready for more. I love hearing from each and every one of you. Don't want to give too much away but here is where I start taking some risks and I really hope it all comes together well. Take care until next time. Chapter 8 \"David, you need to slow down,\" Olivia said nervously, gripping his shoulder with her free hand while the other crushed the seatbelt drawn across her chest. Fraught with a clashing mix of concern and fury, David had been pushing the pedal harder and harder since their chase had begun. He was hopeful that the downpour had forced Mia to stop the Jeep and that she would be waiting just over each rise and turn of the road, but so far fate granted no such fortune. \"You're going to drive us off the road! Come on, slow down. We'll find her.\" He backed off the accelerator until they reached a manageable pace, though it was still far too slow for his liking. The seconds of raw silence within the truck, underscored by the pounding of rain against the windshield, cut his nerves with surgical precision. The moments of nothing were driving him mad. \"There's no way they'd make it across the creek in this, right?\" Olivia asked. \"She'd be crazy to try,\" David replied, realizing with dread the accuracy of his statement. She obviously was crazy, stressed out of her mind, pushed to the brink of total breakdown by what David thought to be him and his stubborn thickness. \"I can't believe this is happening.\" He pounded the wheel with an open palm. \"I can't fucking believe it!\" Olivia rubbed his shoulder soothingly. \"David, please. Don't fall apart on me now. We all knew this could happen. We knew she might try to run. I just didn't…I didn't think it would happen like this.\" \"You mean with Rick? Looks like we were wrong to let him stay.\" \"No, it's not that. He must really love her to risk all this.\" \"Love her enough to risk her life? Yeah, that's great.\" \"He didn't know she would take off on her own.\" \"Yes, he did! He was going to drive her out of here, and even if he couldn't, he was going to try. I could see it in his eyes.\" \"Okay, I believe you. And you're right, he wasn't helping things, but he was trying to. You know that. I can't decide whether to be furious or feel sorry for him, but David, he was in the same boat as Mia. Maybe I was wrong. Maybe instead of condemning him for that I should have been more understanding. I had no idea he cared about her that much.\" \"Who would? He's been gone for months, right? Where the hell did he disappear to? If he loved her so much, why would he leave her like that?\" As he said the words, David felt the sting of hypocrisy poking at his skin. Try as he might to justify his own desertion—telling himself over and over that it was different —there was still no getting around the fact that he had been gone, too. \"Eric said he didn't know she was still using.\" \"Well it doesn't matter now.\" \"Are you thinking of taking Mia back?\" After a beat of silence, \"I don't know,\" he said. \"We'll see. I'm scared, and I'm not going to keep her up here if I think she's in real danger, but I need you to tell it to me straight if this becomes more than you can handle.\" When the rain came to an abrupt halt, it made him even more afraid that his sister might have the nerve to keep driving. \"Thank God that's over,\" Olivia said, relaxing in her seat. \"How far could they have gotten?\" \"I don't know,\" David said, glancing occasionally at the side of the road for any sign that they might have gone off. \"The damn rain washed away their tracks.\" They drove on in silence until Olivia spied something ahead on the side of the road. \"David, look! Is that Rick's bike?\" \"Shit,\" David grumbled and pulled to the side of the road. They got out and approached the bike. Beyond the muddy mass of metal, David spotted the misshapen and flattened growth at the edge of the road and the space where the bushes parted, giving clear view into the woods. Off the edge there was a slick downgrade and, at the bottom, the back of the Jeep sticking out of a flooded trench. \"Jesus!\" Olivia said as David carefully began his descent, calling Mia's name. \"David, is she—\" \"She's not in there. You can get down this way. It's not as steep over here.\" They combed the area around the Jeep until they were both sick with worry. Night would be sweeping over the sky before long and soon they wouldn't have any light left. \"Shit,\" Olivia cursed. \"Do you think we missed her? Maybe she backtracked to the road?\" \"I don't know, but we'd better find—hey! Over there!\" He spied her in the distance through a split in the bushes. Mia sat crumpled like a broken doll against a haggard old tree bearded with moss. She trembled as they drew near and stared with wide, empty eyes into the distance as if seeing a far off, alien world. She did not notice them—she simply wasn't there. \"Mia, oh my God,\" David said when he saw the blood that striped her face and coated her arms and legs. \"What the hell?\" Olivia gasped as David wrapped Mia in his jacket and lifted her into his arms. When they had her loaded into the backseat of the SUV, Olivia examined the girl's wounds. She was mumbling incoherently and looked nearly catatonic. \"What's wrong with her?\" David asked. \"I don't know. She might be in shock. We've got to get her back to the cabin.\" \"What about Rick? He's got to be out there somewhere.\" \"I know, but I'm not leaving Mia and she can't stay out here much longer. I've got to clean these cuts soon.\" \" Fuck ,\" David said, resting his head against the cool, wet glass of the passenger door. Olivia stood and placed her palm on his back. \"Look, I know he's our friend. I want to find him just as much as you do, but he's in better shape than Mia. His bike is up there and he can get back to the cabin without us. I hate to say this, but we really need to concentrate on your sister.\" \"Okay,\" Rick said through clenched teeth. \"Let's go.\" As Olivia climbed into the truck, David walked to the edge of the road and peered out into the massive expanse of dark forest. \"Rick!\" he shouted at the top of his lungs. \"If you can hear me, we've got Mia! We'll come back for you! Just hang on!\" If his words could match the fear in his heart, they would have made the earth shake. Instead, they echoed off into nothing and died in the suffocating silence between the trees. David climbed into the SUV and cast one more look at Mia's quivering, ghostly form before starting the engine and turning back toward the cabin. XXXXX David held Natalie's hand as they waited for Olivia to return from the bedroom where she had taken Mia to dress her wounds and hopefully get some idea as to what had happened in the woods. Eric sat at the table, nervously fiddling with a deck of playing cards. The minutes passed like hours, but with each glance toward the window, the light outside was fainter. Rain, in the form of a slow, steady drizzle, had started falling again. \"I can't believe you just left him out there,\" Eric said, not looking up. \"What was I supposed to do?\" David challenged. \"We don't even know what the hell happened. Mia could have died. You saw those cuts. I couldn't risk keeping her out there any longer.\" As if he hadn't heard or simply didn't care, Eric flipped a card. \"He's our friend.\" \"Goddamn it, Eric!\" David said, shooting to his feet. He felt Natalie grip his hand tighter and took a breath. He couldn't lose his cool. He had brought her all the way from Chicago, out into the woods and away from all she knew. It wouldn't be fair for him to be pissed off after the strength she was showing for him. \"Look,\" he said, his voice calm, \"it's only been a little over an hour. His bike was still out there when we left. I will go back and look for him, okay? I will. But I have to make sure my sister is all right first. She's the priority.\" Eric sat back. \"Whatever you say.\" \"Can you just give me a break for two fucking minutes?\" David asked, ready to approach his friend when Natalie stood and pulled him close. \"Take it easy, okay babe? He's just worried. We all are.\" \"I know, baby, but there's only so much I can do.\" \"And you're doing everything you can. You're amazing.\" She kissed him faintly, a mere brush of lips. \"I'm going to step outside and get some air, okay?\" \"Okay,\" he said. He wished suddenly that they were back in Chicago, in the warm bed of their apartment. He'd been so happy when she agreed to join him when he had to leave. Having her with him made him feel happier and stronger. In a sense, she had been the true start of his new life, and as selfish as it sounded, that had made it hard to look back. He was beginning to look forward to a family of his own, but all that had to wait. She turned to Eric. \"I'll keep an eye out for Rick.\" Eric sighed and forced an insincere smile. \"Thanks.\" She left them to deal with the thick air of tension in the room, but further confrontation graciously averted when Olivia emerged from the hallway with a hurried gait. \"Hey,\" David said. \"How's she doing? Did she say anything?\" Olivia stuffed gauze and antiseptic back into her bag with restive hands. \"Something about a monster in the woods that looks like her, and how the forest attacked her—and Rick turning into…something. Just…I don't know, crazy talk. She must have been hallucinating. She took a pretty hard knock to the head, by the looks of it.\" \"Jesus,\" Eric said. He ran his hands under his glasses and rubbed his eyes. \"Maybe we should have taken her to a hospital.\" \"Yeah,\" David agreed. \"I feel like we're in over our heads here.\" Olivia clenched in frustration. \"I am giving her the exact same treatment she would get at a hospital!\" Feeling as though she was fighting a losing battle, she looked to David with all the hope she could summon. \"If we back down now, all of this will have been for nothing.\" \"But this is really serious,\" David argued. \"What about the cuts all over her?\" \"It looks like she got into a thorn bush out there. I cleaned her up the best I could and wrapped her arms. That was the worst of it. It wasn't as bad as it looked, David, I swear.\" Regretting the words before they even left her mouth, Olivia let them go nonetheless. \"She probably did it on purpose.\" Looking into David's eyes at that moment filled her with so much hurt she could hardly bear it. He looked like a wounded puppy, confused and frightened by a terrifying new world. She knelt down beside him, trying her best to comfort while still pressing her point. \"I told you this was going to happen, that she was going to break. From now on, she is going to do whatever it takes to get out of here. I know you're scared, David. I am, too. But listen to me—if you take her out of here now and she runs…it will be the last time. She won't come back to us ever again.\" Hesitant but willing, David nodded his assent and turned toward the hallway. \"Can I talk to her?\" \"Yeah, of course. Just…be ready for anything, okay? She's been through a lot.\" David walked slowly down the hallway, past his parents' bedroom, to the room he and Mia shared as children. He clinched at the creaking hinges as he pushed open the door to find Mia drawn up and shaking in the darkened corner of the lower bunk. He had never felt such pain for his sister as when he saw her there in that state, crumpled and beaten into submission. Never had he dreamed he'd see her destroyed so badly by anything in this world. She had always been far too tough. And yet, deep within, he could not drown the fire of anger that burned toward her for getting herself into such a situation. Her face was turned away, flesh of ghostly white revealed sparsely between strands of dirty, wet hair. She smelled rancid, like tepid lake water in a culvert on a blistering day. It was the kind of smell that drew flies. Her skirt was rumpled and filthy and the bandages freshly wrapped with care around her hands were the only thing upon her not stained with blood. David crept in slowly and lowered himself onto the bottom bunk beside her. She jumped at his touch, still terrified of the phantom images haunting her mind. \"Shh, it's okay,\" he said softly. \"You're safe.\" A slow shake of her head and the word, \"No.\" \"Mia, you've got to get out of those clothes. You need to take a shower.\" \"David, please,\" she said, eyes wide and clouded with brimming panic. She looked terrified beyond belief. \"Please. We've got to get out of here.\" \"Mia, no one said this was going to be easy. You just—\" She lunged forward and grabbed him, pulling close to give her urgent plea. \"You don't understand,\" she whispered slowly. \"There was something in the woods.\" David didn't know what to say. The thought of having to face his mother in her darkest hours had always frightened him, and now he was brought face to face with that same fear as his sister tried to pull him ever downward into her fever dream. \"Rick!\" she said with a snap of her head. \"Where is he?\" \"We don't know right now. He wasn't with you when we found you. He…he's still out there.\" \"What?\" Mia choked, her face crumpling, close to tears again. \"Mia, it's going to be okay.\" \"You have to find him!\" She clawed frantically at David's arms. \"I…I don't know if it's even him anymore, but you have to!\" \"Calm down. We will, okay? Eric and I are going back out as soon as you're taken care of.\" \"I'm coming with you.\" \"No! You're not. You're going to stay right here and rest.\" \"David, please. That thing—\" He pried her hands from his shirt as gently as he could and rose to his feet. \"That's enough, okay? You know it's all in your head. Just get it together.\" She sunk into absolute fear and hopelessness with the knowledge that she was completely alone. No one would believe her and now there was truly no way out. Taken by that cold realization, she wrapped her arms around herself in despair as David opened the door to leave. \"You'll feel better tomorrow. I'm glad we were such assholes.\" He closed the door and she was alone, trembling against the wall with only the harsh light of a single shadeless lamp to keep the darkness at bay. XXXXX Natalie breathed in the sharp, cold air of the wooded hills in the late evening. She stood on the porch to escape the civil war inside, watching the last of the twilight release its grip on the horizon, so that deep, black night could flood the forest. Even at David's side, she was an outsider, a bystander in affairs that were not her own and she felt every bit of it when she stood at the outer edges of their skirmishes, looking on in silence. Things were so much simpler back in Chicago. She had fallen hard for David when he showed up, and despite her reputation for fast and easy familiarity with the locals, he had been drawn to her as well. In him, she thought she had found the type of guy she'd always wanted—decent, hardworking, and above all, honest. Honest, that is, until the trappings of his previous life came calling one night. At the time, she didn't know about his mother and her sickness, or even much about his sister for that matter, but when he shared the reasons for his hurried departure, she took everything with an open heart and hesitantly agreed to come along at his behest. Not that she regretted it, but things were definitely more complicated than they were ever supposed to be. Olivia had less than friendly thoughts—that much had become apparent from the start. At the very least, David had made it clear they had a history, but that it was short-lived and emphatically dead in the past. An expert at terse relationships, Natalie new better than to take that at face value, but had hoped for the best anyway. What ground into Natalie like a hard spot on a soft couch was that Olivia was a lovely woman, and walking around in shorts and a flattering top wasn't helping anything. Natalie shook it off and let it go. With any luck, they'd be out of there soon, back to their lives and hopeful futures. Except that brought her back to the complicated part—Mia's condition, and the brand new problem at hand. A rustle beyond the shed drew Natalie's attention. The splash of a heavy step. The thump of an injured and weary body, perhaps? Could Rick have made it back so soon? And on foot? \"Rick?\" Natalie called into the rain. The last of the evening light was gone, and with it any visibility beyond the faint glow of stones built up around the well. It stood alone out in the darkness, nothing between it and the shed but a formless black void—a void from which another raking sound emerged. From the time she left home, Natalie had lived all over Chicago and had seen more than a few bad neighborhoods. Though out of her element, afraid was one thing she was not. After being mugged and felt up in a stairwell by a convicted felon, nothing in the woods was going to give her a shake if she had anything to say about it. \" Natalie… \"a weak, rasping voice carried from the dark, followed by a smack , and a hollow splashing of deep water. \"Rick!\" she cried out and surged forward, needles crunching like soggy cereal beneath her shoes. He must have fallen down the well. He was probably hurt and weak from exposure. \"David, get out here!\" she shouted back, but her voice failed to make it to the intended. She bounded to the well, wishing desperately she had a flashlight or a rope or anything that could be of service. When no one emerged from the cabin, the stupidity of her actions hit her with full force. If Rick was really floundering in the bottom of that dark hole, there was little she could do. She had to know if he was all right first, then she would go back for David and Eric's help. \"Rick!\" she called down into the blackness of the well. \"Hold on, okay? I'm going to get David!\" \" Help .\" The word floated up from the well just faintly enough for her to hear over the rain that fell past her head into the darkness like thousands of little shooting stars. From between those stars emerged a tattered hand, shiny and slick with blood, the flesh so pale it was practically translucent. \"Rick, oh my God!\" Natalie reached out and took his hand, gasping at the unbelievable coldness of the skin. It was practically icy, as if he had been dead in those woods for days. He was heavy for such a lean guy. She braced her stomach against the cold stone edge and pulled with all her might, but Rick continued to sink further down, threatening to pull her in with him. \"Rick!\" she screamed. \"Let go! I can't…I can't lift you! I have to get David!\" But he didn't listen, and when her feet lost purchase in the sticky earth she tried to wrench herself free of Rick's grasp. Hurt as he might be, she wasn't going to let him take her down into that hole with him. The rain was cold and soaking her hair. It should have made her arm too slick to hold, but he was latched on so hard it hurt. The flesh around those cold fingers swelled red with stopped blood like plump sausage. \"Rick!\" she cried one last time. \"Let me go!\" The face that emerged from the dark was not Rick's. It was a twisted, deformed mass of hate and evil, caked with mud and wet leaves as if it had crawled out of the ground. The eyes were the most horrible sight—floating orbs of evil deep in that rotting visage. It grinned, and a thick, bubbling mix of mud and blood bubbled out, spraying onto Natalie's face. Her blood ran cold as true terror—bloody and pure—gripped her heart. With a grunt, the creature pulled her over the lip of the well, and she screamed all the way to the bottom. When she was gone, the only sound that remained was that of the steady rain.[Chapter 9] Hello again, everyone. First update of the new year here. I hope you all had great holidays. It just dawned on me how long it's taken to get this chapter finished and I sincerely apologize. I've been taking my time because I really want to make this story right. Your comments and encouragement make it all worth it. I really want to concentrate on my professional writing this year, but I promise I won't leave this story unfinished. Here's to a positive and productive 2014. Chapter 9 As night descended and darkness invaded the cabin, Olivia turned on the lights in the kitchen and living room. She frowned at the old filament bulbs and their dull, depressing light, unable to chase away the darkness to a degree that satisfied her. It was the kind of dim light used to set the mood and this one was bad. Everything remained in the grip of tenacious shadows. She hated nighttime there, and that night seemed especially dark. \"You guys are really going back out there? Do you think you'll be able to find him now?\" Olivia asked as David and Eric were getting ready to leave. As bad as she felt for Rick and as much as she wanted to see him safe, she wanted everyone to stay together even more. A cavernous, irrational fear had started to overtake her characteristically calm sensibilities. \"We have to try,\" David said. \"He would do the same for any of us.\" \"And what if you don't find him?\" David and Eric shared an uneasy look. \"I don't know,\" David admitted, \"but he's out there somewhere. We'll head back to where we found his bike and work our way from there. With any luck he'll have found his way back to the road. I don't know what he was thinking. Why would he just walk off into the woods?\" \"Just promise you won't stay gone long,\" Olivia said. \"I promise. Are you okay here with Mia?\" \"Sure. Natalie and I will take care of her.\" David looked around, suddenly aware of his girlfriend's absence. \"Where is Natalie?\" \"She went outside a few minutes ago. I think she's just uncomfortable here.\" David didn't want to think too deeply into the look on Olivia's face. The look that asked, why did you bring your girlfriend here? Now that everything had gone to Hell in a hand basket, nerves were wearing thin and judgments were surfacing fast. If Olivia's stubbornness and Eric's attitude weren't enough, now he had to deal with keeping Natalie calm in the face of all this craziness. He turned to go outside and the door swung open suddenly. A flash of lightning bloomed around the dark silhouette of Natalie's long, smooth frame. Her hair was soaked and rain dripped from every inch of her. It looked as though she'd been rolling around on the ground. Mud and pine needles clung to her clothes as she staggered stiffly like a drunkard into the room. \"Natalie? Jesus!\" David said, stepping around the table. \"What happened?\" She may have spoken, but a clap of thunder shook the windows and drowned out all other sound. Passing him by, she continued otherwise quietly past Olivia and toward the hallway. \"Nat, are you okay?\" David asked before a gust of wind blasted the open door inward, carrying a heavy spray of rain. The storm outside had once again risen to a roaring peak, battering the shutters and coaxing groans from the wooden walls. \"Damn it,\" he said as he moved to close the door. After pushing it shut with a grunt against the wind, he looked back to the hallway as Natalie's dark form disappeared into one of the rooms. Met with similar looks of confusion and unease, he swallowed nervously. \"What the hell is going on here?\" XXXXX \"I'm gonna get cleaned up,\" Mia murmured. Her whispers filled the small bathroom like the sound of shuffling feet scurrying across the dry rotted walls. Scenes of the forest flashed across the insides of her eyelids when they fluttered shut, lighting her mind with fiery images of the horror that had taken place. One moment it was Rick and then it wasn't Rick. She had closed her eyes in anticipation of the inevitable, but then there was a terrific shriek and a quake that shook the trees and vines. When she looked again, it was a blur of motion and frenzy as Rick's body but not his face tore through the creepers toward her. Through the tears and mud and the blood from her head she was unable to make out the smear of his features except for two burning beacons of fire flickering in the cold air. He snapped the piercing vines that bound her and she fell to the ground, scrabbling backwards, spitting nonsense in the fog of temporary insanity. The creeping black tentacle-vine, slick with her blood, was suddenly gone from her leg. Rick twisted it in his fists like a soaked rag. It split with the sound of a bursting water balloon and the blood, God! The blood that sprayed forth from that writhing mass of wriggling thorns! Almost too dark to be human but not quite black as oil, it stained him head to chest and dripped into the mud and needles at his feet. In those moments she had let go of everything. All thoughts of living and reality were cast aside as the horror show unfolded before her—the blood and the chaos and the crazy, wild Rick-thing barreling through the thorny brambles that cut him open as he fought and swung and tore his way to the ghastly demon-Mia. Like a beast without fear, he grabbed it by the mouth, one hand on each row of teeth, and pulled—pulled as though he was tearing open a garbage bag. Pulled until the crunchy-wet-ripping sound was all she could hear. Mia screamed a high, wailing scream that echoed off the rough, cracked faces of the trees. Then the phantom creature in the shape of a dark and twisted Mia vanished, gone under a shooting red spray of blood into the still air. Mia, trapped in the grip of fevered delirium, didn't know if it had disappeared or fallen or melted. And Rick… What happened? Where did he go? What was that thing? She tried to fit the strange pieces together but they mashed and broke and fell apart in her mind. There was too much missing. Too much she didn't understand. Even after the experience, she questioned if any of it was real. What would Olivia call it? A waking dream? A day-light hallucination? A full-on fucking psychotic breakdown? It's the drugs , Mia thought with a faint sense of hope and grim desperation. It has to be . If not, then she was truly and totally broken. If her mind was so far gone she was seeing such awful things as reality… Or…was it possible? The door to the bathroom swung open behind her with a dry creak and Mia turned to tell Olivia she didn't want another shot when a gasp escaped her lips. Natalie stood in the doorway, pale and wet and covered with muck and mire. \"Natalie?\" The wet girl was silent, standing still as a statue for a moment before shuffling awkwardly into the bathroom, head still down and dripping. Her skin, formerly smooth and bright with the glow of a healthy young woman, had drained now to something of a grayish-blue. In honesty, she looked to be in about the same beaten shape as Mia herself. \"What's wrong? Where's David?\" Mia asked, instinctively lifting her hands to protect her decency. Though the lacy white slip she wore wasn't see through, it clung to her uncomfortably like a second skin. There was a distinct feeling of discomfort in the air and the small space bred a severe sense of vulnerability. Natalie's head moved slightly and behind her the bathroom door slid shut. There was a dry click as the lock slid into place. Mia tensed and looked to her soiled, blood-stained clothes piled on the floor at Natalie's feet. While debating whether to reach for them or simply leave without, the taller, blonde girl started forward again, movements stiff and jerky like a marionette under the control of a sadistic puppeteer. \"Please stop,\" Mia said, voice hardly above a whisper. \"You're scaring me.\" Natalie's head lifted with a groan of dry, damaged vertebrae. The faint light in the bathroom broke through the hanging strands of wet hair obscuring her face, revealing a sinister rictus of unfathomable hate, resembling very little of the girl Mia had come to know, and she saw the depth of true terror once again. It had Natalie's face. It had Natalie's body. But the eyes… The eyes belonged to something else. \"No…\" Mia rasped, drawing back toward the shower. Natalie, or the thing controlling her, crept closer. Mia's spastically stressed mind had time to wonder if Natalie had been taken by the thing in the woods, or was it merely the thing in a new form trying to take her again. Was it inside Natalie, controlling her every movement? Or was this something else? A gurgling hiss issued from the creature as it reached for Mia, extending a pale, stiff hand toward the small, shivering girl. Mia was naturally small in stature and Natalie's body towered over her frail and weakened state. Mia's arms wrapped around herself as she coward and waves of fear rolled over her skin as she shook her head over and over in denial. The Natalie thing opened its mouth, jaw creaking like a rusty hinge. It spoke in a long, cracked drone, \" Mmiiiiaaaaaaa… \" Mia screamed and the Natalie thing lunged forward, thrusting her against the shower wall. As Mia cringed and turned her face away from its fetid breath, it reached back and turned on the water full blast. Icy cold, it hit Mia like an electrifying jolt, sending signals of shock through every nerve ending. \" Mmmiiiiiaaaaaaa !\" it croaked again as the quickly warming water splashed over its head. Pounding on the bathroom door brought Mia out of her stupor. In a moment of coherence, she tried to dash away but the creature slammed its fist into the wall beside her head hard enough to break the plaster. The glassy crunch of cracking tile filled Mia's ears. She was trapped, staring into the face of evil as the water began to steam. \" David! Help!\" \"Mia? Open the door!\" Her brother's muffled voice broke above the hiss of the water, which was now hot enough to burn her skin as it cascaded down in a scalding rain. She flattened herself against the wall to escape as much of the splash as she could. Natalie's discolored eyes rolled up into her skull and her head started to twitch, as if she was stuck in trance. The flesh at her hairline began to bubble and split. \" Please, David, help me! Please! \" Outside, David began to ram the door with all his weight as Olivia and Eric stood by in shocked silence. Once, twice, three times David slammed into the door until the old, battered frame began to splinter. Backing up, he braced himself and kicked with everything he had just below the doorknob. With a crack and a bang, the door broke and flew open. The hot, wet scent of cooking meat assailed his senses, like rancid beef in a stockpot. \"Mia! Natalie!\" he called into the thick steam filling the room, unable to see and fearing a fire had broken out. Sensing her chance to flee, Mia bolted around Natalie's boiling body and flew through the fog until David's strong arms grasped her and pulled her into the open air of the bedroom, where she felt she could finally breathe, free of the stifling heat and smell of cooking flesh. \"Mia!\" David said. \"What happened? What's wrong?\" \"It's here! We—we have to go!\" Mia said, breaking free of his grasp and running out the door before Olivia could stop her. She couldn't waste the time trying to talk sense into them. They wouldn't listen, and therefore her only recourse was to run again. She didn't want to believe that what was happening was real, but she was fueled by fear as potent as pure adrenaline and couldn't let herself be hampered by anyone else's doubts. Down the hall and across the living room, she was a blur of motion. She had no keys, no clothing or food or protection. There was only the primal instinct to run—to escape. Her fingers scrabbled for friction on the doorknob, short-circuited by panic and tingling from the heated water that had reddened her skin. \"Mia!\" David screamed from the hall. The door was open. Cold night air flooded through the door and rushed along her skin in a soothing wave. She was nearly free. There was a hard pounding of boots behind her and the door slammed shut. David's hand and the force it applied might as well have welded it to the frame. For all the effort, she was trapped again. David grabbed her by the shoulders and spun her around to face him. Pinning her against the door, he looked at her with a light in his eyes somewhere between righteous fury and desperate sadness. \"Stop it, Mia! Stop it right now! \"Let me go, David,\" she said. \"You don't understand.\" \"No, you don't understand! We came here for you! You needed help and we're here because we care about you! And you're acting like a damned psycho! What did you do to Natalie?\" \"It's here!\" Mia screamed in his face. \"You don't understand! It's going to kill us all!\" Olivia, having followed David into the living room, stood back with hands on her hips. \"Get away from her David,\" she said. She looked resigned. \"She's delusional. I'll give her something to put her out, and when the road is safe…we can get her to a hospital.\" Mia's eyes darted between each of them, wild with fright. \"No! No more needles! No more drugs. Let's just go. Please, let's just go now. Hurry, we have to go before it comes out here!\" \"You're talking crazy,\" David said. \"What are you—\" \"Uh, guys.\" Eric's voice drifted from the hallway. David turned and saw Eric backing out of the shadows, away from Natalie as she stiffly staggered like a mental patient into the room. In her hand, a silver piece of mirror gleamed in the faint light, blood dripping in steady rhythm from the jagged tip. \"Natalie?\" David asked, unable to comprehend the strange, nightmarish turn of events. \"Sweetie, are you okay?\" Eric uncontrollably issued a nervous laugh. \"Does she look fucking okay to you, man?\" \"Shut up, Eric,\" Olivia snapped. She stepped forward. \"Natalie, listen. You need to put that down, okay?\" Natalie made no reply, nor gave any sign that she had heard. \"What the hell is wrong with her eyes?\" Eric stammered, looking on in disbelief. \"You're not helping,\" Olivia scolded again, taking another step toward Natalie, her arms raising defensively. \"No, no, no.\" Mia repeated quietly, moving back into the shadows of the corner, shrinking into herself more with each step. Olivia took another step, her whole body tensed like a feral cat. \"Natalie, put down the glass, okay? I'm going to give you some medicine, but you have to—\" An arc of light flashed like a whip and Olivia jumped back, sucking air between clenched teeth. She cradled her hand, inspecting the damage in utter shock as it wept blood from a slash to the meat just below her thumb. \"Shit!\" she cursed. David leapt forward and pulled her away from Natalie and the whistling shard of mirror. \"Nat, what the hell?\" he barked. His eyes went wide when he saw the grinning face of a creature he had never known looking back at him. Her flesh had gone ashen gray and open burns oozed yellow serum down to the chin. Black liquid coated her teeth. Brandishing the shard with a type of sadistic glee, the thing moved closer, ready to carve anything in its path. \"Stop!\" There was a metallic click and all heads turned to the forgotten party. Mia stood rigid at the edge of the light, wielding the double-barreled shotgun retrieved from the corner where David had set it aside. Her grip was awkward, but the weld was tight to her shoulder as she curled her finger around the first of the dual triggers. David's head swiveled wildly from one threat to the other. \"Mia,\" he said, \"put the gun down. Just listen to me. We're going to sort this out.\" Mia's eyes stayed focused on the thing that had taken Natalie. \"You tried to get inside me…you tried to take everything from me.\" \"Mia,\" David tried again. \"Look at her eyes, David! That's not her! Not anymore. Open the cellar door.\" His eyes narrowed. \"What?\" \"I said open the fucking door ,\" Mia shrieked, \"or I'm gonna splatter her brains all over the wall!\" \"That's enough, Mia! The damn thing's not even loaded.\" The look on her face was cool and collected. \"I loaded it. I saw you slide the shells under the couch. Now open the goddamn door.\" Suddenly afraid of what his sister might do, David backed away. \"Okay. We're going to do it. Eric, help me.\" Eric, sold on the idea that something truly terrible was happening, scrabbled along the wall toward the door. They bent down, undid the latch, and threw open the door, letting the wet, earthy air of the basement once again flood into the room. Mia looked at the creature and motioned with the shotgun. \"Get in the hole, bitch.\" It looked back and rattled, \" Mia …\" Olivia had backed far away, still nursing her wounded hand. Body tensed, Mia stepped forward and pointed the shotgun at the thing's face. \"Have it your way. Die you motherfu—\" \"No!\" David said and lunged forward, grabbing the shotgun just behind the muzzle and pushing it aside as Mia pulled the trigger. The blast was deafening inside the enclosed space, and as the room exploded with light and sound, the front door blasted open, pushed by the cold ferocity of the wind and the rain. The shot caught Natalie in the left of her face, blowing back skin and hair and revealing a wide-eyed grin of malicious evil. It screamed a high, piercing squeal that answered the thunder with equal intensity. Against the roar of the wind, it spoke in a voice that was many voices. The voice of Legion. \" YOU WILL DIE LIKE THE OTHERS BEFORE YOU! ONE BY ONE WE WILL TAKE YOU !\" It raised the glass shard high and lunged at David, slashing and cackling like a high Hell-born demon. They fell to the floor like feral cats, David trying to control the pernicious onslaught of glass and teeth. \"David!\" Olivia screamed. David balled one fist and slammed it repeatedly into his girlfriend's face, cringing inside with every blow. \"Get her off me!\" he shouted. Pushing off from the wall, Eric grabbed one of the chairs from the dining table and lifted it high. It crashed down on Natalie's back with a hard thud and a brittle crack as two of the legs snapped and flew off. Ineffective as the effort seemed, it halted the assault on David. Natalie twitched, stood up, and turned toward Eric. \"Oh God!\" he said, raising his arms to protect his face. \"Hey bitch!\" Mia called. Demon Natalie spun as the butt of the shotgun slammed into its face. On the ground, David flinched as blood splashed across shirt, dark red and shining like polished garnet. Natalie stumbled back and slipped, head smacking the underside of the hinged door as she fell out of sight into the cellar. They heard the roll of her body against the wooden steps all the way to the dirt floor at the bottom. Eric flung the door shut and dropped upon it with all his weight as an inhuman roar rose up from below and the Natalie thing, already back on her feet, began beating against the underside with thunderous fury. The entirety of Eric's body jerked into the air as he rode the door like a bucking bronco. With shaking hands he tried to lock it, but each strike knocked him away from the latch. \"Jesus!\" he cried. \"Help me!\" David did not move. He stuck to the floor and looked on in wide-eyed disbelief at impossible things happening before him. He'd just punched his own girlfriend in her boiled, bleeding face as she tried to slice him open. How could he explain that to their friends back in Chicago? To a cop? How could he explain something so insane to anyone? \"David! For fuck's sake!\" Eric screamed as the next blow nearly threw him from his post. Mia dropped the shotgun and ran around her brother as Olivia jumped on top of the door next to Eric, holding it down long enough for Mia to slide the metal bar through the latch. They scattered away from the door as the barrage from below continued, the bone-shaking blows accompanied by an inhuman voice. \"WE'LL RIP YOU APART! WE'LL FEED ON YOUR ROTTING, STINKING GUTS AND RAPE YOUR FUCKING SOUL YOU STUPID FUCKING SHIT-CUNT! \" \"Shut the hell up, you bitch!\" Mia screamed. The banging stopped and silence fell all around them as the creature below slunk into the darkness of the cellar with a disturbing bout of giggles. The soft but maniacal laughter floated up through the floor and bore into them like a diamond auger bit until finally fading. They sat in silence for a while, breathing heavily and sweating, each of them waiting for their pulse to slow, to drain the rush of blood in their ears. \"Your hand,\" Eric said, looking down at the blood dripping from Olivia's palm. \"I'm okay,\" she assured him. \"It's not deep. I need to wrap it up.\" She got to her feet and headed for her medical bag. Mia moved on hands and knees across the floor to her brother. She clenched his shirt in both hands and tried to draw him back from the edge of madness. \"David, we have to go. Now.\" \"Go? You just tried to kill my girlfriend, and you want me to just get up and drive you out of here?\" \"That wasn't your girlfriend,\" Mia told him. He looked at her without a grain of trust in his eyes. \"Have you fucking lost it?\" \"Listen to her, David!\" Eric shouted. \"There is something seriously wrong here. Don't you see that? And I think…I think what's happening has something to do with that stuff we found down there.\" David rose to his feet. \"Are you buying this?\" he asked Olivia as she sat on the couch, cleaning and dressing her hand. Still raw from the surge of adrenaline in her blood, she fumbled and dropped the roll of gauze wrap she had pulled from the bag. Mia picked up the roll and sat down beside her. Olivia looked into the face of the friend she had once known as if she hadn't seen her in years. She never looked so sane and real and there than at that moment. \"I don't know what's going on,\" she said. She retrieved a pair of medical shears from her bag and cut the end of the strip she had wrapped around her hand. \"I don't believe that stuff, but I've never seen anything like this. She was gone for a few minutes , and now she's totally psychotic? It doesn't make any sense. Maybe…maybe she got into something toxic out there, or got bit by something.\" \"Sure,\" Eric said with a patronizing laugh, \"it's just a fast acting case of rabies! That's all it is. That perfectly explains why she tried to cut your face off.\" \"I said I don't know, Eric! It could be anything, okay?\" Eric continued to laugh. \"Oh my God! Will you listen to yourself? I've never heard rationality and logic sound so fucking crazy.\" He took off down the hallway and turned into one of the bedrooms, returning a minute later with the recorder in his hands and a dead serious look. He set the recorder on the table and said, \"I think you guys need to hear this.\" XXXXX Blind and bloody, he raged through the satin darkness, stumbling through the trees and snapping branches with the sound of cracking bone in a steel press. As the wind whipped and the cold rain bit like a rabid animal and the blood seeped from his aching body, he thought only of Mia. Where was she? Was she safe? Was she even alive? What if, in his unrelenting rage, he had done the unthinkable? What if the blood dripping from his fingertips with the flow of the rain was her very own? He had ran as soon as he could, afraid to even face her, to see if she was all right. The fury inside him had broken free, augmented by ancient power. He couldn't take the risk of possibly hurting her. But how could he be sure he hadn't? In the swirling maelstrom that clouded his mind, everything was just so much red. The cabin was somewhere out there. Where was it? He had to find his way back to the road. The only hope he had left was that she would be there. He had heard voices, somewhere off in the distance, or so he thought. Surely it was David out there looking for them. It had to be. He wouldn't leave Mia to the woods. He would come through where no one else could. Now, lost and confused, Rick had his own troubles to deal with. You fucking pussified milquetoast motherfucker! I was ready to rock! The voice rambled on in his head. The mask dangled at his side, hooked in the grip of aching, bloody fingers. Rick didn't answer. His head was pulsing with rapid kicks of pain as if his brain was fighting to break out of its boney casing. We're not done yet, buddy boy. Not by a long shot. You think that was it? Think you and your friends can unleash pure evil and that pale bitch with the upchuck was all you're gonna see? Think again, Ricko. Think again. \"Thank you,\" Rick rasped. Thank me? You wanna thank me, you little prick? LET ME OUT! Worn and exhausted from the earlier ordeal, Rick buckled and fell against the sharp trunk of a gaunt and withered tree, an emaciated remnant of brittle bark and bare limbs twisting to the tumultuous vault above. \"You gave me the strength I needed. We saved her.\" And this is what I get? Some friend you are. I see how you treat a deal. \"We didn't have shit. And who the hell are you calling friend? You use me to get your kicks…and I use you to do what I can't do on my own. I was an idiot to ever pick you up in the first place.\" There was a stretch of silence a mile long as wind blew through the trees. Rick let his head hang, on the verge of tears. Hopelessness crawled over him like a blanket of slithering snakes. Come on, you know I'm just fucking with ya , the voice said, surprisingly soft. The hard edge of anger had vanished. Now it sounded more like an old buddy sympathizing over a hard fallout. So I'm a dick, big deal. You just had me all revved up and then you slammed the brakes. I felt a little short-changed, that's all. \"Short-changed,\" Rick laughed weakly. \"You think I don't know what you want? I'm not a dumbass. One time too many, and I'm not going to be able take this damn thing off. Then what's going to happen to me, huh? Once you take control?\" Rick, buddy, you think I would do that to you? Why ruin a good thing? Like you said, without you, I couldn't get my kicks, and I'm pretty sure I couldn't stay out of trouble for long. Think of this as a…symbiotic relationship. Give and take, ya know? \"Yeah, you give me shit and I take it.\" The voice laughed a loud, bellowing echo in Rick's head. There's the old Rick I know! Whaddya say you pick your ass up and get moving? I don't mind spending the night out here, but I'm pretty sure you wouldn't fare so well. And after all, Mia's waiting. Rick's head lifted. \"Mia,\" he choked. Not to get your hopes up, but I'm pretty sure she's alive. I was serious when I said this isn't over, though. Something bad has woken up in these woods. Rick groaned suddenly as gruesome images of blood and unspeakable violence flashed through his mind. His friends were strung up, torn into strips and swallowed by raging, pernicious beasts that circled Mia in a black, formless void. Acid from his empty stomach rose to burn his throat, but he swallowed it down with his anger. Spurred by the warning and the vision, Rick hoisted to his feet and continued on. He didn't know what was happening, but he felt in his gut that the words were true. Ahead, the land rose in a steep incline and, at the top, he hoped he would find the road—or at least a vantage point from which to move forward. Of course, we could always tag team again if you need a break for a while, the voice prodded. Rick couldn't help but crack a half-grin. \"Don't push it, asshole.\"[Chapter 10] Update time. Special shout-outs this week to Laurie Jupiter, Springborn, Luna loves u and novelmind for the comments, follows and favorites. And as always thanks to all the readers in general. Last chapter you saw the main twist, now let's see where we go next. Take care until next time! Chapter 10 The recorder spun on with its crackle-pop hiss, drawing tight the air and blending seamlessly with the groan of the wind and the static drum of rain on the weary roof. \"The book speaks of a spiritual presence, a thing of evil that roams the forests and the dark bowers of man's domain.\" \"Eric, we don't have time for this,\" David said as he paced across the room, face taught with grief and worry, pondering their next move. Eric's fingers rested gently on the dials of the machine as he stared with rapt attention. \"Just listen.\" \"It is through the recitation of the book's passages that this dark spirit is given license to possess the living.\" He stopped the reel and looked up. \"Hear that? Last night. The words! The words, and…and all that weird shit that happened—that's been happening! David, we let something evil loose. We let it into our world.\" \"First of all, we didn't do shit,\" David said, staring him down. \" You turned the damned thing on.\" \"Okay, fine, I doomed us all. It doesn't change the fact that—\" \"It's not fact!\" David shouted. \"You're talking nonsense.\" \"Can you explain what's happening here?\" \"I don't have to. There's nothing to explain. My sister's in withdrawal, the weather sucks, and my girlfriend just tried to slice me open. I don't know how or why, but I'm not taking her to a priest for a fucking exorcism! I'm taking her to a doctor.\" \"Goddamn it,\" Eric cursed. \"Just listen, there's more.\" Mia sat on the couch fighting the painful cramps that gripped her stomach and the micro-tremors that ran through each muscle in her body. Her nerves felt like the string section in the devil's orchestra, plucked by torturous fingers that spun a tune of agony through her mind. \"Are you okay sweetie?\" Olivia asked. She sat down next to Mia, who said nothing. She cringed as her eyes rolled over the angry red skin of Mia's arms and shoulders where she had been touched by the scalding water in the bathroom. \"Do you need something for pain?\" \"Olivia,\" Mia said, shaking her head slightly, \"I'm sorry.\" \"Hey, it's okay. Just don't run off again, okay?\" \"No…not that. I'm sorry for what's going to happen now.\" \"What are you talking about?\" Mia looked up and whispered. \"We're all going to die tonight.\" \"Here!\" Eric said. \"Listen to this.\" \" I have seen the dark shadows moving in the woods and have no doubt that whatever I have resurrected through this book is sure to come calling…for me . It came for my dear wife. I know now that she is possessed by the evil of the demon.\" Eric jabbed at the player. \"See? Something real happened to this guy.\" David remained stone-faced and unimpressed. \"All I hear is a recording of a nut job.\" \"I sought help from the locals that live in these wooded hills, and I…I hate that I brought this terrible presence into their lives. An entire family…slaughtered…by my lost Henrietta. I buried them deep in the woods, along with the body of my beloved. I could not bear to stay at our cabin another night, so I gathered my things and fled, but the water at the creek bed had grown too high. I thought to look for another route across, but it dawned upon me that this thing…this terrible evil…may follow me back to civilization if I escape, so I turned around and followed another road to this cabin. I am just happy there was not another family here, as I fear that Henrietta has somehow returned from the grave. I can hear her…singing to me from the woods…\" Mia felt the sting of loss in her heart as the narrator fell to a bout of sobs and the tape went quiet for a moment. When the voice returned it was dryer, harder, as if the pain had been so intense there was no recourse but to simply shut every emotion off. \" I have retreated to a room in the cellar to translate as much of the book as I can before I am discovered. It is my hope that I may yet find an incantation within the book's pages that may stop this terrible corruption—this…abomination. I could still run…perhaps, but I cannot risk it. I brought this terror among us. I must find a way to send it back. If you find this message then I have surely failed. Escape now, get out of these woods before it has a chance to get you as well. I have…\" The words became garbled by an avalanche of static pops and hisses. \"That's it,\" Eric said, flicking off the recorder. \"That's all of it that I could hear on the tape. I don't know what happened to it, but the rest is all snow.\" David said nothing as he turned away from the table. \"It's real,\" Mia whispered. The glaze of her eyes was finally clearing as she transfixed on the cold, awful reality before her. \"Stop it, Mia,\" David said. He cast a spiteful eye at Eric. \"I can't believe you're talking like this right now. Look…maybe by morning the rain will let up and we'll take our chances getting out of here. We just have to make it through the night.\" \"What about Natalie?\" Olivia asked. She lightly touched the bandage on her hand, wincing not at the pain but at the memory. \"We can't just leave her down there. She could kill herself.\" \"Like hell we can't,\" Mia said. \"She'll kill us all if we let her out.\" \"Olivia, do you have anything strong enough to put her out quick?\" David asked. \"Yeah, Ativan should do it. But you're going to have to hold her.\" \"We can do it, right Eric?\" Eric stood by idly without answer. \" Right? \" David pressed. \"Don't let them hurt me, David,\" Natalie's voice broke the silence, as if her face was right at the cellar door. \"I'm so scared. I don't want to be down here anymore.\" David's heart ached at the broken sound of her voice. \"Nobody's going to hurt you baby,\" he said soothingly. \"We're just going to give you something…some medicine.\" \"Are you going to give it to me, baby?\" she asked. Her voice had taken an edge, a carnal hint spread over the words. David swallowed. \"I…\" \"Are you going to give it to me now? \" \"Sweetie, please stop.\" \"Come on down here with me, David. I'll play doctor with you. You can give me my medicine all night long!\" Olivia stamped the floor with her boot. \"Cut it out you crazy bitch!\" Before anyone could say another word, a loud thump startled them all and turned their attention from to the hall. Eric's face went gaunt. \"What the hell was that?\" \"I don't know,\" David said. \"It sounded like it came from outside.\" Another thump, much closer now, brought Olivia and Mia to their feet. It shocked through the wall behind the couch and reverberated through the room. \"Somebody's out there.\" \"It's got to be Rick,\" David said after an audible swallow. \"Beating against the house?\" \"What else could it be?\" Mia shook her head. \"No, it can't be him,\" she said. In the absence of all hope, all that she harbored within was dread at what they would find. Natalie's voice floated up through the floorboards in a sinister sing-song tune. \"We're going to get you. We're going to get you,\" she crooned. \"Not another peep. Time to go to sleep.\" \"Shut the fuck up!\" Mia screamed. \"Soon all of you will be like me... And then who will lock you up in a cellar?\" The Natalie-demon's question hung as she retreated down the steps in another bout of morbidly jubilant giggles while the thrashing commenced outside. \"He could be hurt,\" David said and began walking towards the door. \"Wait,\" Eric said. He reached down beside the table, pried loose a leg from the remains of the shattered chair and tossed it to David. \"Just in case.\" With a shallow nod, David held the chair leg like a baseball bat and undid the latch on the door. He flew back as it swung open suddenly to reveal the figure of a man, cloaked in darkness and dripping rain. Eyes flashed with feral light and a wicked grin of jagged, gray teeth split both lips open from nose to chin, exposing juicy, putrefying fats. \"Holy shit!\" David cried. The creature stretched out soggy arms of gray flesh frozen in decomposition. Fingers, wet with rain but desiccated nearly to the bone raked the air for living meat. Mia rushed forward and hit the door from the side with the entirety of her weight. The blow was hard enough to rattle her teeth. The door slammed on the arms with the speed of a falling guillotine, filling the air with the crackle of snapping bone. She slid down, digging her heels into the floorboards and putting all of her strength into driving forward, but the thing was stronger and without fear. Regardless of her attempts, it edged further inward. David scrambled to his feet and wielded the chair leg like a spear, striking forward and driving the splintered wood into the creature's face. With a powerful blow, the left eyeball popped and sent a jet of black goo into the room. It screamed and doubled back, withdrawing its arms and providing enough time to slam door and engage the inner bolt, which had not been damaged in the break-in. \"What the fuck was that?\" Olivia cried. Eric matched her panicked tone. \"What do you think it was? It was one of those things! A zombie or demon or…something.\" Mia pushed to her feet and snatched the shotgun from where it lay on the table. \"Mia, what are you doing?\" David asked. She fumbled with the release on the back until the gun broke open. \"I am so fucking over this,\" she said, pulling the empties from the barrels. They fell to the floor with a hollow, plastic clatter. She looked around for the box of spare shells. \"Where are they David?\" He stared in silence until she shouted, \" Where are the fucking shells ?\" He crossed to where his bag sat in the corner and pulled them from the main compartment. He set them on the table and held out his hand. \"Give me the gun,\" he said. She looked at him for a moment, unsure, then swung the stock slowly into his palm. He pulled two fresh shells from the box and checked their integrity before sliding them into the chambers and closing the gun. Elsewhere in the house, a further barrage of staccato strikes drummed through the walls. \"What now?\" Eric asked. David scanned the room. \"I don't know. It sounds like there's more than one of them out there.\" \"We need to get something over the windows,\" Mia said. \"Help me move the hutch.\" Before they could start, the front window exploded in a shower of twinkling glass. The same pair of broken arms, now replete with protruding barbs of sharp, yellowed bone thrust into the room between the fluttering curtains. \" We are the flesh that rots! \" it spoke in a hoarse, bubbling rasp. A mixture of mud and some other fluid gushed from its mouth onto the floor. David shouldered the shotgun and fired. The blast caught the creature in the upper shoulder, shredding bone and sinew in a violent spray of blood against the ragged, fluttering drapes. The porch swing broke free and shattered under its weight as it flew back onto the porch. David rushed forward and closed the outer shutters. He locked them with the inner bolt and tested them for strength. \"This probably won't hold for long,\" he said, breaking open the shotgun and pulling out the smoking spent shell. He filled the chamber with a new one and shoved two more into his shirt pocket. \"What about the other windows?\" Mia said. Eric spied the forgotten crowbar in the corner and retrieved it. \"You guys get this one covered. Olivia and I will get the bedrooms.\" David nodded. \"Be careful.\" He held out the shotgun but Eric shook his head. \"You keep it in here. Don't worry, I'll scream if we need help.\" Olivia hadn't quite caught the pro-active attitude. \"We're going to board up the windows? With what? Some hundred-year-old furniture? What the hell are we supposed to do then?\" \"I don't know,\" David said. \"I'm just worried about right now. I got one of them. Maybe the others will just take off.\" \"You sure about that?\" Eric asked. \"It looked pretty dead to begin with.\" \"I don't want to hear it, Eric! Just get those windows covered.\" \"Fine. Come on, Olivia.\" The two left down the hallway as David and Mia finished moving their old birch wood hutch in front of the shuttered window. \"Will this keep them out?\" Mia asked. David mopped sweat from his forehead with the collar of his button down. \"I don't know. I doubt it. There's nothing in this goddamn house that can keep them out forever. But as long as we've got a gun and they don't, they'd be stupid to try to get in.\" He was silent a moment. \"Or crazy.\" \"If the gun can stop them,\" Mia said, eyes lowered. \"It'll stop them. I don't care how batshit crazy they are. Nobody stands up to a twelve-gauge.\" \"But that one—\" \"Mia, they're just people. They must have the same thing Natalie has—some kind of virus or rabies or something. I saw the blood, okay? Whoever he was, he's dead. When the rain lets up, we make a run for the truck and get the hell out of here. We'll swim across the creek if we have to.\" \"What about Rick? He's still out there. What if he comes back and they're out there?\" \"I don't know,\" David said. He couldn't think of anything he could say to make her feel better, and he was worried that his friend was already dead or worse—had become like Natalie and the people outside. \"Come on, we need to cover this other window.\" The only other heavy furniture left beside the couch and the table was a bare bookshelf. When they were finished covering the window on the other side of the door, Mia stood back and caught her breath. \"What else can we use as a weapon?\" \"Shit, I don't know. I took the axe in the basement back out to the shed. There's some stuff out there, but it's not worth going for. I just hope they don't bust the door open and get to it.\" Mia looked around and walked to where the chair leg David had used lay on the ground by the door. She picked it up and tested its heft in her hands. She looked at David. \"Do we have any nails?\" \"Maybe. Try the toolbox or maybe the junk drawer by the sink.\" In the kitchen, she found a box of two-inch carpenter nails in the otherwise sparse toolbox. There was no hammer, so she used the chair leg as a mallet to nail an old cutting board over the window above the sink. The frame itself was too small for any adult body to fit through, but she didn't feel like taking any chances. Afterwards, she used the counter to drive nails through the fat end of the leg until it was sufficiently barbed to make for a formidable spiked club. The nails, scraped free of rust by the wood, glinted in the soft light. Turning it round in her hands, Mia's logical mind surfaced momentarily in the distant noise, wondering vaguely what had become of reality. There was an image for an instant, a brief shot of a place far off where a family was together and the forest was green instead of black and it only rained for a little bit…and love was possible without being a terrible lie. A far off place. \"Mia.\" She came back still staring at the glistening nail-points protruding from her new weapon. David stood in the kitchen doorway with a look of concern on his face. Maybe he thinks I'm losing , she thought. Maybe he thinks I'm like those things outside. \"I need you to hold it together,\" he said. \"I'm fine,\" she replied. \"Maybe you should tell that to Natalie.\" XXXXX He was close. Knew it by some unseen force driving at his back. Even in the dark he could feel it, ignited by a vague pilot light of hope as he stumbled through the snapping branches and sucking mud. By all accounts he should have been dead. He was not born of the woods or raised on the fat of the land. He was no huntsman or tracker but a collegiate wannabe intellectual way out of his depth. Still, his spirit persisted, pulled onward by the tug of the hook planted firmly in his heart. After a climb that put fire back in his lungs he broke over the crest of a hill and a brilliant flash of lightning revealed the trodden dirt road before him. Rutting the ground in both directions were still visible tire tracks filled with shimmering rain. \"Yes!\" he cried out. \"Tell me they found her.\" You'll have to excuse me if I worry about us first, little buddy. \"You wussing out on me now?\" Hell no. I'm just starting to count on you to do the right thing at the wrong time. I say we head back to the bike. Rick shook his head and started walking. He knew he was moving in the right direction because the path ran uphill from the creek. \"No,\" he said. \"Not now. Not when I'm this close. I have to get to them.\" You're not giving up on this, are you? \"Not a chance.\" Why are you holding onto this? One piece of gash is as good as another, I say. And chicks don't dig desperation, sport. Turns 'em right off. \"You may be inside my head, but don't think for a second you know anything about my heart.\" Ugh! You know what your problem is? What it's always been? This nagging notion of hope you hold onto like a security blanket. It's weighing you down. You know the truth better than anyone about that false light at the end of the tunnel. Give it up. \"I can't. How can a person live without hope?\" How do you live with it? All those little dreams and desires gnawing at you? All those unmet expectations have to wear on you. Give in to the primal nature of pure chaos. There is no such thing as a happy ending, Rick. You're dreams of love and forever are a lie. There is only carnal pleasure and the thrill of conquest. Sink your teeth in and stop hoping there's something better waiting on the other side. \"You don't know me,\" Rick said in defiance. \"I don't care about the other side. I care about Mia. That's all the reason I need.\" You can't save her without me, you know. \"I know.\" Are you ready for more pain, Rick? Are you ready for more sacrifice? \"If it comes to that.\" Oh, I think it will, Rick. I think it will.[Chapter 11] Chapter 11 In the master bedroom Olivia held her lacerated hand close, wondering if infection would set in even though she had thoroughly cleaned the wound. A mixture of blood and serum saturated the bandage and it was sore and hot to the touch. However troublesome, it was not the least of her worries. She would not admit it aloud, but the sheer weight of the situation had begun its hard work, slowly breaking her down, and irrational fear forced her to examine thoughts she would have once thought preposterous. \"Eric, please,\" she said as he murmured about things she didn't understand. \"You're scaring me.\" \"You should be scared. Did you see that thing? I don't care what David says. Rabies doesn't do that to a person and you know it.\" \"Damn it, I'm scared!\" she snapped, a tears forming at the corners of her eyes. Shocked by the sudden display of vulnerability, Eric fell silent. In all their history, Olivia had been, next to David, of course, the most solid and levelheaded person he had ever known. Now, in her moment of weakness, he had no words to console her. \"It was a mistake to come up here,\" she said. \"I was stupid.\" He shook his head. \"No, this isn't your fault. I should have never touched that damn recorder or that book. I know you don't believe it. I just…I guess Mia and Rick were smarter than all of us. We should have left when they said so. I feel like such an asshole.\" \"That's because you are one.\" Olivia laughed weakly, wiping her eyes. She took a breath and stood straight, once again composed, and looked around the room, \"How are we going to cover the window?\" Eric surveyed the sparse bedroom, his mind sputtering rather than racing given what they had to work with. \"I don't know. The dresser won't cover the whole window. Maybe we could take the door off the hinges and push the bed up against it?\" \"Okay. I have to check my hand first. It's killing me. I left some antiseptic in the bathroom.\" She watched the window with a cautious eye, plagued by a sharp and persistent fear of the dark, terraqueous woodlands stretching beyond. What other strange things lurked within the chambers of the night? Was there really a world out there such as she had never believed in, full of eldritch terrors straight from a feverish nightmare? \"Be careful,\" she said. \"We don't know how many of them are out there.\" He nodded. \"Just hurry so we can get this done and out of here.\" She closed the door and stood in the still space of the bathroom, breathing slowly and listening to the muted static of the rain drumming on the roof. She wasn't in need of privacy, but didn't want Eric to see her if she began to break down again. The single hanging bulb struggled to illuminate the room, its coiled filament flickering weakly as it swung like a pendulum in the darkness. Water had begun seeping through the cracks in the roof, running down the cord and dripping off the bulb's transparent rondure. Olivia shivered at the groans emitted from every wall and feared the place would soon crumble under its own sagging weight if the weather didn't let up soon. She looked at the mirror above the sink—or what was left of it—and shuddered. A web of cracks ran outward from the center and a single long piece in the lower left corner was missing, revealing the unpainted backing beneath—the same piece Natalie had tried to use to carve them all up like game birds. Just seeing her fractured reflection in the broken surface made Olivia's hand ache as if there were microscopic pieces of mirrored glass embedded in the cut, glowing hot like white phosphorous. The weak light flickered again and she thought of the darkness outside. She'd been to the cabin before, years earlier, but it was not the same, and she never ceased to be a amazed by the complete and utter darkness that overtook the deep wilderness at night. The clear, starry skies were breathtaking compared to the claustrophobic luminance of the city, but on the ground it was quite another matter, especially when leaves crunched and twigs snapped mere feet away in the perfect satin darkness. A flood of images now raced through her head, surreal machinations of her feverish imagination. She wondered, if she were to allow herself to believe any of it real for even a moment, what horrendous figures might lurk in that abysmal dark now? Hoping to distract herself from such thoughts with action, she opened the mirror and retrieved her pack of sterile cotton swabs, isopropyl alcohol, a fresh roll of gauze and a bottle of ibuprofen. She had much stronger pain meds in her bag but didn't want to risk becoming dazed or disconnected. It was important to stay focused and if that meant dealing with the pain then that is simply what she would do. Thunder boomed and rolled across the sky, shaking the walls around her. She dropped the first two pills and cursed as they went tumbling down the drain. \"Keep it together, Liv.\" Concentrating so completely on the task and putting all of her energy into keeping her hands from trembling, she didn't notice the mirror swinging slowly and silently on its hinges. Foregoing any further attempts at getting pills down her dry throat, she pulled the last of the bandage away and hissed as dark blood—almost black—oozed out of the slash on the meat of her palm. Oh God , she thought. What if her blood was on that shard? What if she is sick with some kind of disease? No, don't freak out. It's okay, I'll be fine. I've got tetracycline in my… Her thoughts tapered off into nothing as she suddenly grew aware of something sinister in her presence…of hateful eyes glaring upon her in the flickering light. Stiffening like a suspicious feline, she hesitated to glance around, fearful that some monstrosity lurked just outside the fringes of her narrowing vision. She heard a faint scraping sound that built to a wet squeal just above her head. Knowing even before she looked, instinct took control and she snapped up to see a hideously contorted face in the fractured fragments of the mirror. The creature was a perversely distorted image of herself, replete with bloodless, ashen skin and inhuman eyes, except that half of its face had been sheered away, exposing the meat and sinew beneath. The flesh before the teeth was all but gone and the edges hung in tatters, creating a ragged Glasgow grin. Olivia froze in terror, feet practically glued to the floor beneath her shaking ankles. She watched the creature jitter and tremble as it lifted desiccated fingers and ran its cracked nails down the inside surface of the mirror. She opened her mouth to scream, but never uttered so much as a peep as the fiend reared back, lunged, and exploded out of the mirror, enveloping her in its gaunt limbs and impossibly wide-open mouth. XXXXX The problem with barricaded windows was that it precluded all visibility from the inside. Sheltered but practically blind, they could only listen for the intruders, straining to hear some sign of their presence over the barrier of the steady downpour. There had been no sound or sign of them since the one that broke the window. \"Maybe we can make a run for the truck,\" David said. \"Even if they're still out there, they wouldn't rush a loaded gun.\" Mia sat at the table, the spiked club lying before her now still hands. \"I wouldn't bet on it. We're not leaving this cabin. They won't let us.\" \"Damn it, Mia. Stop talking like that.\" \"How do you want me to talk?\" she asked in a lifeless tone. \"Like you haven't given up on everything! We can't just sit here forever.\" \"Then what do you want to do?\" \"As soon as the rain lets up we're going for the truck. We can make it with the shotgun. I don't give a shit how nuts they are. As soon as Eric and Olivia come back, we'll sedate Natalie and get her ready to move. Eric can carry her, or I will myself if I have to. We'll make it…we have to. And I don't want to hear another fucking word about ghosts or demons in the woods or any other damn thing.\" Mia had the strange sensation of floating, as if the cables of reality had come severed from their moorings and the world around her was drifting away into the horrifically absurd. She no longer cared to listen to her brother. He wouldn't listen to her, so reciprocation felt appropriate, and it wasn't worth it to continue and risk putting herself into an even more invidious position. The waste of breath was exhausting enough. A punishing squall of hard rain battered the cabin outside. The walls seemed to exhale the bitter shriek of the wind as it whistled through the branches and lashed the shutters. Then the pounding began again, this time married with a chorus of anxious moans that soaked through the wood and plaster and vibrated the air. \"Who the fuck are they?\" David asked no one. \"Raymond?\" The rasping voice lifted Mia's head and brought her and David to full attention. \"Raaayyyymmmoooond! Is that you, Raymond? Henrietta's here, sweetheart. Here to take care of you. Open the door my love. Open the door and we'll fuck like TEENAGERS!\" She punctuated the ghastly proposition with a gurgling sonata of piercing cackles. \"All night long! We'll fuck so hard you'll be DEAD BY DAWN!\" The laughter rang on as Mia stood from the table and scooped up her spiked chair leg with quick hands. Below, the Natalie-thing thumped against the cellar door and let loose her own wet, gibbering squeal. \"Dead by dawn!\" she screamed. \"Dead by dawn!\" Mia screamed at the floor. \"Shut up before I knock your fucking head off!\" \"Aw, poor little Mia. Poor, scared little junkie whore. I've got something for you, Mia. So much better than anything you've ever had. Come on down, or I'll have to come up there and shove it down your fucking throat!\" Before Mia could think or speak, something hit the left porch window hard enough to rock the hutch. The crack of breaking shutters was like a gunshot. David rushed forward and placed all his weight onto the barrier as the assault continued. As Mia started forward to help him, another assault moved the bookshelf covering the other side. Mia winced at the sound of shattering glass, knowing inside there was no hope of keeping them out forever, but she ran forward anyway and fought with all her might to keep the bookshelf upright. All the while Natalie beat furiously against the floor, spitting and shrieking like a banshee. \"What the hell is going on?\" Eric asked as he emerged from the hallway. \"Eric, help Mia!\" David bellowed as another hard blow nearly knocked him off his feet. Eric ran to Mia's side and hit the bookshelf with his shoulder. Their combined weight could not prevent the shelf from rattling away from the window with each rabid strike. \"Where's Olivia?\" Mia asked Eric. \"She's changing her bandage.\" Another blow from outside knocked the glasses off his face. \"I don't think this is going to hold for much longer!\" Without the slightest hint of diminishing, the raucous assault ceased and all fell still. Panting heavily, they continued to hold painfully against the improvised barricade, wary of another sudden attack, but before they had any chance to enjoy the momentary reprieve, a blast like a whip-crack lashed their ears as the door warped inward. The wood around the bolt lock splintered and disintegrated and the upper left hinge sprung from the frame. The door flung open with a force that sheared the air hard enough to fling the sweat from Mia's forehead and the shape was through the doorway before anyone could break the paralysis that gripped their bones. Mia was stuck in place. Her body felt like crackling static and her breath caught and sputtered out in the space between thundering heartbeats as she beheld the putrid countenance of the lost and deceased Henrietta. XXXXX A muted, erratic pulse of concussion sounded somewhere in the distance. \"What's that?\" Rick said. Fatigue threatened to pull him into the mud and never let him up, but he hastened his pace when he saw the lights from the cabin rise above the crest of a hill like fiery embers swirling into the sky. Though dull and veiled by the still falling rain, in his eyes they burned as massive pylons, lighting the night. Careful, Rick. You were stupid to come back here. Every step ached as his freezing, blistered feet chafed inside his waterlogged boots. He knew he was bleeding and it felt as though he was walking on open nerves. \"We made it! Good thing I was too stupid to listen to you.\" Yeah, or too smart for your own damn good. I'm serious, stop! \"No!\" Rick barked, feeding every ounce of fuel he had left to the fire inside. At the shallow rise before the clearing he stopped and peered through the rain at the black silhouette of the cabin on the far side. After tromping through the woods all night his vision was sharp enough to make out the dark figures on the porch. He didn't know who they were, but was sure enough of who they weren't. His pulse skipped into high gear. Under normal circumstances, he was not the confrontational type. Though he had, like many young men, held fantasies of pugilistic dominance, in reality conflict was not quite his style. That didn't mean he was a craven pushover, but rather not one to resort to aggression. In this instance however, more fearful than ever that Mia was in grave peril, he started down the slope slowly and with caution but ready to engage any and all that might bar his path. Nice strategy, killer. What are you gonna do next? Might I recommend the judo chop? Rick hit the bottom of the rise and began to skirt the clearing when two of the shapes turned. He couldn't discern faces, just pinpoints like cat eyes in the dark. A flash of lightning lit the world and showed the horrible reality of that which he had come face to face. He froze, sinking into the saturated ground as the dripping, rotting faces of evil grinned and came at him in the renewed dark. Another flash and they were closer, stumbling through the storm, already half way between him and the cabin. Move, Rick! Run! Something in the momentary illumination drew his eye. At the edge of the clearing, just beyond the work shed like Excaliber in the stone—the long, curved handle leading down to the head of the old wood-splitting axe, scratched with rust and buried in the flat of a rotting stump. David must have put it there after removing it from the cellar. The ghouls were nearly upon him when his paralysis broke at the behest of his gentle and eloquent companion. I said run, you little fuck! Now! XXXXX The soggy creature with tatters hanging, abdomen bloated with the noxious gases of death, stepped leisurely through the doorway as though it called the place home. It stood and wheezed with the sound of cracked, shifting ribs, breathing in the odiferous delights of flesh and fear. As they all stood frozen by the appearance of the impossible, it snapped its head to the side and aimed a long, distorted claw at the girl trying to cower in the corner. Her scent was ripe with despair as was that of the young man beside her, though his was sharpened by the spicy stink of fresh piss. Pointing, Henrietta's mouth split into a vicious grin and as if to say gotcha! and she shrieked a crazed, piercing caterwaul through torn vocal chords that froze Mia's spine. It then spoke with the layered voices of an infernal legion. \"Nowhere to run, you little bitch! Now come to Henrietta.\" David stared in awe at the hideous thing, wondering what sort of virus or bacterium could create such a mutated monstrosity. Will that happen to Natalie? he thought. He didn't know what had altered a former human being into the freakish monstrosity standing before him. He only knew that he didn't care what it looked like or what sort of disease it carried, only that he wasn't going to let it move another inch toward his sister. He stuck the shotgun to his shoulder and summoned every bit of authority he could command. \"Get on the ground!\" he ordered, but did not expect that in the face of two shotgun barrels the woman would turn and whip them away with a blurring strike and the force of a baseball bat in full swing. The gun clattered across the floor and came to rest under the couch as David reeled from the creature's surprising force. Before he could fully recover, a clawed hand locked around his throat. \"Handsome boy. Give us a kiss,\" the corrupted creature hissed in serpentine sibilance, drawn out and dry. David, abased and terrified, struggled against the unshakeable grip and tried to find the air to scream at his sister—to tell her to run for her life. Her plans included no such act, however. She screamed and charged at the festering thing, spiked cudgel held high above her head. She swung the club down on its arm with all of her might, cracking the bones and dried cartilage therein. She succeeded in destroying its clutch on her brother, but suffered the repercussion when Henrietta, full of daunting power, raised the other arm and swatted her away like a fly. Freed and gasping for air, David stumbled back against the wall in a daze, forcing saliva down his pinched throat. Wheezing, he slipped on the wet floor and slid to the ground. Eric darted forward and slammed his fist into the side of thing's head, but with hardly a flinch it snatched him by his long hair. Before his wild eyes the face began to change, to morph and draw longwise as the jaw unhinged like a snake devouring an egg. Mia and David forgot their pain as they watched the thing strike like a venomous snake, burying its teeth into Eric's forehead and tearing away a hand-sized flap of flesh that used to be his face. Bright scarlet spray jettisoned into the air while he screamed and brought both hands to his head to stem the flow of life from his body. Like a sump pump on overdrive, his heart continued to hammer fresh blood through his slick fingers. \"Eric!\" David shouted, pushing himself to his feet. Knowing her brother was no match for the beast's awesome strength, Mia began to scuttle across the floor on sweat-sheened palms and knees towards the couch, hoping to get the shotgun in time to save at least one of them. Had they a profusion of seconds in which to act it would have made little difference, as it took less than three for the monster to snap forward again and chomp through half of Eric's skull with a crunching, popping sound like ripped Velcro. In a single awful moment he was gone, merely a husk of blood and bone trapped in spasm as it slunk to the cold floor. David realized with grim sobriety that his friend was dead and that their chances of surviving were slim to none. The only course they had left was to shoot their way out, if he could just get to the gun. He sprung to his feet as fast as he could to make a dash for the couch, but Henrietta caught his leg in mid-stride, taking him to the ground. With a hard tug he was pulled back and forced to look up at the lumbering monstrosity. Helpless, he stared in unrelenting horror into the jaws of despair. Viscous strands of blood and saliva dribbled on his face as the creature opened its wide mouth and bore down upon him. Mia, knowing she was about to watch her brother suffer a terrible fate, screamed at the top of her lungs, raging against the certainty that all was lost. Suddenly, with a sharp, undulating whistle, an object spinning end over end hurdled through the doorway and sliced deep into the creature's throat, sending streams of dark red blood spurting into the air. The creature reared back and let loose an awful roar as a figure came running through the doorway and slammed with full force against its legs, snapping one at the knee. The force was enough to make even the bloated monster stagger and fall to the ground. \"You fucking miserable little piece of shit! I'll rip your spine out of your ass!\" David wiped sweat and blood from his face but still could not believe his eyes. The object in the creature's neck was indeed the axe he'd taken outside, but could the other form, struggling to its feet, really be whom he thought?[Chapter 12] Chapter 12 David blinked the sweat from his eyes and dislodged the word that was stuck in his throat. \"Rick?\" \"Shoot it!\" Rick shouted over the ghoul's cries and profanity. His face was drawn and haggard, dripping rain. He looked as though he'd been lost in the woods for a week rather than a night. \"Wha—what?\" David sputtered, choking on his own surprise. The lack of oxygen and surge of adrenaline combined with the rushing of blood in his ears made it seem as though he was seeing the world under water. \" Shoot the fucking thing! \" Rick yelled again. He grabbed the handle of the axe sticking from the creature's throat and used it for leverage to keep the damnable thing from rising, but it slammed the floor and bucked like an unbridled stallion. His hands, weak and sweaty, could not hold for long. \"Where's the gun?\" \"It's under the…couch,\" David said, voice trailing off as he looked up to see Mia standing with the gun to her shoulder. In her eyes was a look he had never seen before. It was cold and unwavering with just a dash of the insane. \"Mia, shoot it!\" yelled Rick before the thing slammed its elbow into his chin. The axe came free from its shriveled flesh as he staggered back, tripping over Eric's body, and fell to the floor as the blast of a twelve-gauge shell thundered through the cabin. A chunk of Henrietta's face splattered against the wall as her hideous frame jerked from the impact. She clamored and fell back towards the doorway, shrieking in fiery rage. \" You miserable fucking cunt! I'll swallow your soul!\" Mia took three strides forward and leveled the unspent barrel at Henrietta's rolling eye. \"Swallow this, bitch!\" she said and pulled the trigger. Henrietta's mutated, oversized head popped like a ripe melon, raining bits of bone and stinking, putrid brain matter onto the walls. The flesh of her neck whipped and expunged noxious gasses like a punctured hose as she danced around in her own blood like a grisly clown. David braced his foot against her stomach and pushed until she tumbled through the doorway and out into the rain. Though the latch and lock were both busted from the previous assault, he closed the door again anyway. Any barrier between them and the creatures outside was one he would gladly take. \"There's more of those things out there,\" Rick said, still dazed by the hard blow to his face. With a grimace of pain, he rubbed his chin and checked his jaw, thankful that neither was broken. David was still surprised to see his friend. He offered a hand and helped Rick to his feet. \"We know. How the hell did you get by them?\" \"I don't know. I took off running when they spotted me. I grabbed the axe by the shed, tried to get inside but they were too close. I lost them somewhere at the edge of the woods and ran back.\" He looked down at Eric's corpse, faceless and growing cold. \"Oh God. Eric.\" David swallowed hard and tried not to look. \"I'll cover him up in a minute. We've got to get something in front of this. There's no way it'll hold on its own.\" \"The couch,\" Mia said. They slid the couch in front of the door, which was now little more than a battered piece of wood hanging on a loose frame. David ripped free one of the curtains and draped it over Eric's body, which they moved into the corner behind the table. All the while, David was too preoccupied to notice or care about the odd looking mask wedged in Rick's belt. Grieved at the loss of his friend, Rick looked down in silence until interrupted. \"Rick!\" Natalie pled from the cellar. \"Rick, help me. I'm hurt. They locked me down here and I don't know why. I just want to go home. Please get me out of here.\" Her voice broke down into fractured sobs. \"Don't listen to it,\" David said immediately. \"That's not Natalie. Or…it is, she's just sick. Whatever got into those freaks outside must have got into her. She attacked us all earlier. We had to put her down there. She nearly cut off Olivia's hand.\" It didn't take any more than that to convince Rick. All of the insanity was starting to make perfect sense. He nodded and glanced around. \"Where is Olivia?\" David looked as though he'd been bit on the ass. \"Shit!\" he said. Still quick with adrenaline, he turned and headed toward the bedrooms. At the hallway, he spun around. \"Reload and make sure nothing comes through that door.\" Then he was gone. Rick slid fresh shells into the shotgun and set it on the table. After the immediate necessities of survival and sanity were out of the way, he was finally able to lay eyes, dilated and unfettered, upon Mia. She looked back at them and the path of their pupils locked. She stepped forward like the ghost of a graceful ballerina, tattered and torn but as lovely as anything he had ever seen in his life. His only desire in that breathless space was to hold her close. As close as he could. For a moment it was like a sweet dream in the midst of a high fever, and then the air rippled with an audible smack as she sent the palm of her hand flying across his face. \"Shit, Mia!\" Rick cried, rubbing the sting from his cheek. \"What the hell—\" \"You son of a bitch!\" said, pounding at his chest weakly. Her eyes quivered and drowned in a sea of salty tears. \"Where the fuck were you?\" \"Mia, stop.\" He tried to calm her hands but the pitiful assault waged on. \"I'm sorry.\" \"You fucking coward! Why?How could you run away like that?\" she cried. \"I had to! I didn't want to hurt you. Didn't you see what happened?\" \"I don't know what I saw! All I know is that you stopped that…that thing and then you took off.\" His face softened with sadness and regret. \"Mia…\" Her fists slowed until he was able to hold her hands in his own. She pressed her face into his neck. \"Don't ever do that again!\" she sobbed, breath scorching hot and wet on his clammy skin. His flesh instantly rippled with raw energy at her soft touch, as if shocked by a current of high-voltage electricity. Her breathing suddenly calmed, drawing slower and heavier and he knew she felt it, too. Her heart beat furiously, sending pulse waves through her chest and into his. Wrapping his arms around her, he held her so tight he could feel when their hearts began to beat in sync. She grabbed his face and pressed her lips hard into his in a bid of pure, chaotic passion, arms then flowing around his neck to hold him tighter. He leaned back, trying to drink in every bit of her like a glass of cool water. She followed eagerly, rising onto the tips of her toes. The current flowed even stronger between them as he felt her nipples harden and jut into the flesh between his ribs. Still locked together, his legs folded and they both went to the floor in the middle of the room. He sat on his feet and she straddled his lap. He ran his hand through her messy, unkempt hair and she dug her fingers into his back. It was so much like their first night together, high and brimming with uncontrollable passion, except this time the drug was an indescribable concoction of love and terror. Finally, the seal broke and they sat in silence, breathing hard and resting their foreheads against one another, each drinking in the other's scent and presence. It became for both as if they were no longer in the cabin, surrounded by insanity. It was as though they had left, as though they had forgotten, and there was nothing in the space they occupied but each other and the pulsing, divine current of need passing back and forth through their touch. However strange and wonderful that odd Nirvana was, they could not stay, and so they slowly drifted back to face the tribulations of the sinister night together. Mia released him with hesitance and slid down the slope of his legs. She caught sight of the mask and plucked it from his belt, turning it over in her hands. \"What is…is this what I think it is? Why do you still have this?\" Some memory passed across the membrane of her eyes. \"What happened to you in those woods earlier?\" Rick took the mask and ran his fingers down its smooth surface, looking uncertain but resigned. The time had come to reveal his own personal twisted reality of madness. He had to say something , and he wasn't about to lie to her again. Not after all they had been through. Not after fighting his way back into her arms. \"It's hard to explain.\" \"I thought you took all that stuff back.\" \"I did…everything but this. Mia, I lied about dropping out of school. I got kicked out under suspicion of stealing.\" She looked at the mask in stark understanding. \"I should have never asked you to open that box. Rick, I'm so sorry.\" \"Don't be. Yeah, we were stupid, but it wasn't your fault. I just…I couldn't take it back. When they saw that the box was empty, they started asking questions that I couldn't answer. Mia, this isn't just a mask. It's some kind of—\" You sure you wanna do this, Rick? She's going to think you're a big batch of crazy cakes with extra nuts. Mia looked at him, perplexed. \"What?\" \"I don't know how to explain.\" She put a hand on his shoulder and gave him the most gentle and affirming look he had seen from her in a long time. The distant, glazed eyes and bitter countenance were finally gone. \"It's okay. Whatever it is, it doesn't matter. You can tell me all about it when we get out of here. I just want to live through this damn night. We never should have touched anything in that basement.\" Rick looked up. \"The book! I know this sounds crazy, but I think we brought those things to life when we turned on that recorder.\" \"I know. Eric played more of it. The same thing happened to whoever made the tape. I think he's dead, too. It said something about the passages in the book. He thought he could translate something that could send them back, but that was it. There was nothing else.\" Rick scanned the room and saw the ugly, flesh-bound tome sitting on the coffee table, seemingly innocuous amongst the previous chaos and bloodshed. He crawled to the table with Mia in tow and opened the volume's grisly cover. \"Rick,\" Mia said, a hint of warning in her voice. \"It's okay,\" he reassured her. Page after page he turned, staring once again at the odd and alien illustrations within. \"Have you ever seen anything like this?\" she asked. \"Not in the general archives. The restricted section has some pretty weird stuff, but this is…something else.\" She shivered beside him, touched by the obvious cold that emanated from the very binding of the book itself. Rick spotted his jacket on the edge of the couch. In all their hurry to leave earlier, he had left it behind, and there it was, dry and warm. He retrieved it and handed it to Mia. She slid into it like a favorite night shirt, reveling in the comfort of recovered love. \"Thanks,\" she said. \"Do you think there's a way to stop all this? You know, reverse it or something?\" \"I don't know,\" Rick said, staring at the book with a furrowed brow. \"Maybe I could translate some of it, if I had enough time, but I'd be afraid of reading anything. We could end up just making things worse.\" Mia thought for a moment and said, \"Maybe there's another way.\" Rick looked to her. \"You thinking what I'm thinking?\" \"Let's burn the damn thing.\" He patted the pockets of his jeans and said, \"Got a light?\" XXXXX The bedroom was disturbingly quiet as David entered with a mix of newfound hope and heart-wrenching anguish, his thoughts still lingering on the horrid memory of his childhood friend perishing before his eyes. His mind suffered the assault of awful images that couldn't be shut away. Freeze frames of claws and teeth and a carefree childhood now drenched in blood. How the hell am I going to tell Olivia? He wondered. How can I tell her our best friend is dead? He looked around the room, eyes drawn to each dark corner. Shadows, once innocuous elements of nature, were now portals for evil things that bathed in bile and lived in darkness. Things that cackled and ate the flesh from the faces of innocent men. He approached the bathroom. A razor's edge of soft light shined through the crack beneath the door. Still a stone, he listened for any sound, unaware that pressure building in his lungs was his own breath. \"Olivia?\" he called timidly. There was no answer. Though he had broken the door open earlier to get to Mia, the knob remained in place. As it could no longer lock, he didn't want to intrude on Olivia if she was somehow indecent. Slowly, he reached out and let his hand hover above the doorknob. The sensation of heat and unexplainable waves of dread emanated from the other side and passed through him. He swallowed the sudden lump in his throat, licked his lips, and tried again. \"Olivia, it's time to go.\" \" David?\" A sigh of relief vacated his lungs. Though free from the dark thoughts that bred his reticence, he still couldn't shake the tense feeling of discomfort that stiffened his spine. \"Liv, we've got to get out of here. Something…something happened. I need you to hurry so we can—Olivia? Are you crying?\" Indeed, the sound of her muffled sobs soaked through the door. David's heart swelled with pity and understanding. Had he the convenience of time and privacy, he would break down himself. If only he could remove his stoic façade and weep, but such a luxury would have to wait. Rick and Mia needed him to stay cool. He pushed gently and let the door swing inward. The single bulb hanging from the ceiling had all but faded completely, casting only the faintest amber glow over Olivia's frame. She was crouched on the floor just beyond the sink, facing away, her long satin hair shining in the dim ambience. He wanted to hold her, comfort her, and cringed slightly in shame as old, long forgotten feelings suddenly arose within him. It seemed so long ago when he and Olivia had let themselves love one another. It was a different life, another world, but not a world meant for them together. Perhaps love wasn't the right word for what they shared. Surely enough there was love between them, but it was heated teenage passion to which they succumbed, and it was that long ago passion that he felt rising up again from inside, tempered by years of absence and frequent thought and stoked by the fires of terror and desperation. It felt as though he were trapped in a furnace, and there was nowhere for that heat to go. He needed a vent, a flue, something to release the aching pressure. He shook his head to clear the odd fog that had overtaken him. Without realizing, he had crept closer to Olivia as she sat weeping into her hands. His dry tongue rolled over cracked lips with all the smoothness of a cinder block. \"I'm so scared.\" \"Come on, Livy,\" he said, calling forth the name he'd once called her in the silence of his bedroom. When he'd deceptively followed with the words he knew would make her his own. And she was…for a time. \"Let's go.\" \"Do you still love me, David?\" He froze, breath caught in his chest as though his lungs had calcified in an instant. He tried to think about Natalie, about the promises he had made to her, but the image of her face kept slipping into murk. \"Of course. Mia loves you, too. And…and Eric. You know that.\" \"No. I mean…like the old days.\" Her voice turned to a whisper. \"Do you remember?\" She spun on her knees, head still facing down, and slowly ran her hand up his pant leg. David heard her breathing turn heavy before she spoke. \"Do you still love me the way you used to?\" The heat, overbearing and sinister, had turned the bathroom into a boiler. Great pearls of sweat rolled down David's face, soaking into his collar below his pounding carotid. \"I never stopped loving you, David,\" she said in a gentle, hushed tone, her hand traveling higher. \"I never forgot how you touched me.\" David moved his head from side to side, trying to get a grip on himself. He knew something was wrong, but the more he listened to her talk, the less he cared. If he let her go on, he might not be able to help himself. \"Olivia, stop.\" Her hand slowed at his thigh, massaging the fabric of his jeans and the quivering, sweating meat beneath. \"You could touch me again. I wouldn't tell anyone. I love you, David. Just hold me like you used to.\" He filled his lungs with heavy air and summoned all of his resolve. \"Olivia! Stop it now!\" Her soft caress became a painful grip of steel-like fingers. Flinching at the surprising pain, he grabbed her hand and tried to loosen her grasp when she raised her face to the light. David couldn't scream, couldn't move, couldn't breathe. Her cheeks hung in tattered strips, dripping blood and dangling against her jaw like limp bacon. Shards of wicked sharp mirror, large and small, stuck in her formerly smooth skin, protruding from her forehead and cheekbones as if she's driven her face into a disco ball. It wasn't Olivia's face, it was an obscene perversion of all that had once been lovely, turned now to frightful deformity. \" What's wrong, David? Don't you still love me?\" she crooned in a hideous, wet tune. \" Don't you want to touch me? \" A cracking burst of thunder echoed from the sky and shook the cabin, causing the hanging bulb to flicker momentarily into a cast of light bright enough to illuminate the bathroom. Blood covered Olivia's chest and legs and smeared the floor at her knees. More blood, dark and coagulated, streaked and spotted the cracked tile and the stained porcelain of the toilet. The room had become a tapestry of gore painted in her own hematic fluid. In a terrifying display of speed and animosity, she sprung from the floor like a coiled snake, taking hold of his shirt and launching him through the air. He crashed through the door as if it was balsa wood and landed on his back in the bedroom. Head rolling, his vision blurred as he regained his bearings, but before he could rise, Olivia sailed through the doorway, snarling like a wild animal. Incredible, burning pain exploded through his chest. He looked down and saw that she had planted a five-inch dagger of mirror shard into him. Her wild eyes flared with demonic fire as she locked her fingers around his throat and snapped forward, trying to catch the flesh of his cheek between her jaws. He pushed as hard as he could, grunting from the pain yet unable to yell for help. \"Stuh—stop!\" he sputtered, spittle flying from his lips. \" Please !\" Turning his face to avoid the violent gnashing of teeth, he spied the crowbar that Eric had taken lying at the foot of the bed. Some miracle of light in the darkness had placed it within arm's reach. He knew what he had to do, but couldn't summon the courage to retaliate against Olivia. She's trying to kill me! One of my best friends is trying to cut my fucking heart out! His mind rambled as the paralysis of fear and uncertainty held tight. While he hesitated, she ripped the glass dagger from his flesh and stabbed him again, lower and harder. Hard enough to send scarlet blood squirting into the air. Gripped by agony, he wrapped his fingers around the cold, hexagonal steel and swung with closed eyes. He felt the hard, reverberating thud of bar against bone and felt the ache spread through him as her fingers flew away from his throat. When he opened his eyes, she lay unmoving in the doorway, tossed back by the force of the blow. The unthinkable was done—saving himself by hurting one of the people he had only ever wanted to love and protect. There was a sudden sensation of spinning as he fought back the urge to vomit. WhatdidyoudowhatdidyoudoWHATDIDYOUDO? \"Olivia. I'm sorry,\" he coughed through a mix of pain and tears, still unable to draw in a full breath as he rose to his feet. It felt as though he was breathing through thick liquid, and when he doubled over and spat a mouthful of blood onto the floor, he realized the wound in his chest was worse than he thought. \"Oh God.\" Olivia's limp body twitched where it lay in a contorted heap, bent backwards at the spine with the head turned around. In a single grotesque movement, complete with the crunchy popping of rearranging cartilage, she unfolded with all the grace of a crumpled candy wrapper and began to rise. \"I'll cut off your dick and suck it like a candy cane! \" she snarled, inching toward him with a slow, stiff gait, jerking like a puppet with knotted strings. Hot blood leaked through David's fingers as he tried to cover the hole in his chest, all the while backing away from his demonic pursuer. The shard of glass was still in her hand, dripping his vital fluid at her feet. XXXXX Mia found matches in the jacket, struck one to life, and lowered the wavering flame to the page. Before it could touch, without breeze or breath or shudder of the hand, the fire flittered away as if choked out, though it had barely burned past the tip. She frowned at Rick and lit another, following the same protocol. Again, by some unknown method it was extinguished before even nearing the page. \"Maybe it's the matches,\" she said. Rick was doubtful. \"I don't think so. We could light the whole box and I don't think it would work. We could make a torch or throw it into a fire, but I get the feeling it wouldn't burn no matter what.\" \"Then let's tear the damn thing apart!\" Mia growled and clenched the open page in her hands. She pulled and twisted and torqued until her knuckles were white, but it was like trying to rip through denim or thick leather. The parchment refused to split or fray in the slightest, affirming Rick's fears, and when Mia stepped back, shaky and out of breath, the page looked as if it had never been touched. \"Shit,\" Rick said. \"I'd say that's a pretty bad sign.\" Mia moved close and grasped his hand, running her fingers between his. \"What do we do?\" \"I don't know. We can't read it and we can't destroy it. There's got to be something we can do.\" \"What if there isn't?\" He spun to face her. In her eyes he saw the endurance and stamina needed for a run around the entirety of the world, and damned he would be if not right beside her. \"I don't want to think like that. Not now. Not after all we've survived. These things were summoned before and the world didn't end, did it? The last poor soul found a way to send them back to Hell or wherever they came from. We'll do the same.\" She looked at him with softness and regret, thinking about all the time that had been lost and filled with a thousand unspoken hopes. \"I wish none of this had happened. I wish we could just go back.\" \"I know,\" he said. \"I do, too.\" Holding her in his arms, the eerie silence crowding their heartbeats invaded his ears. He cocked his head to the side and listened. \"What?\" she asked at his intent focus on the silence of the night. \"Do you hear that?\" She turned an ear skyward. \"No.\" \"It stopped raining.\" A fresh wave of hope lifted her shoulders as she realized it was true. The static sizzle of storm water against the roof was through. No thunder, no wind. Nothing. \"We can make it out of here,\" she said. \"The creek will be clear enough to drive through by morning.\" \"I don't plan on waiting that long.\" \"Do you think we can make it across?\" \"We'll swim it if we have to.\" As if unified by a singular script, they leaned slowly toward one another when the silence was sheared by the sound of heavy, uneven footfalls in the hallway. \"Mi…Miaaa…\" They turned as David lunged from the corridor, spilling blood from mouth and nose. \"David?\" He staggered toward them, splotched in a Rorschach of red upon his chest in shapes of oddly oblong shapes blooming like spring flowers. The long crowbar which he had been using as an impromptu cane, slipped from his grasp. Mia dashed to catch him as he fell, though her weak frame was hardly up to the task. Rick stopped them both from crashing down and helped her lower David to the floor. He could see the severity of the damage and knew the score right off. He didn't feel an especially pressing need to say anything, so he picked up the mask from where it lay upon the table and stepped back to give them space. \"David, what happened?\" Mia questioned as she applied pressure to his wounds, slicking her hands with blood. \"Dead,\" he coughed. \"She's…not dead…\" \"What?\" \"One of…\" blood gurgled deep in his throat, \"one of them. I'm s-so…sorry.\" From the front pocket of his jeans he plucked the keys to the SUV and put them, shaking like a rattle, into Mia's hand. \"G-get out of here. Run.\" \"Just hold on, okay? We're going to get you out of here.\" His eyes glazed over and lost focus, as if he were looking off into the distance. \"B-baby, little,\" coughgurgle , \"little baby…ti-time to g-go…\" \"Hush,\" Mia told him, setting a bloodstained finger to his lips. Beneath her fingertips she could feel him slipping. He looked off into the distance, mouth churning out silent syllables. Jolting once, he sputtered deliriously, blood slinging from his wetted red lips. \"Mo-mom? Mom?\" he said, staring past Mia, past the cabin, past the horror and off into some faraway better place. His body, freezing cold under the final rush of still-warm blood, grew calm and lax. Suddenly and all at once, in Mia's hands he ceased to feel real, as if his flesh wasn't flesh anymore but some strange textile she'd never before felt. \"David? David! \" Rick stood by, watching his friend fade in silence and sadness. \"Mia,\" he said, softly, then came to instant awareness of their increasingly bleak predicament. She was nearly in tears again as she beat her fists weakly against her brother's chest. \"Wake up, David! Wake up, damn you!\" \"Mia,\" Rick said again, without the soft cushion of sympathy. \"We need to go.\" \"No! I can't leave him.\" Tears streamed down her cheeks as she caressed David's face. \"Not laying here like this. I can't.\" \"I know. Believe me, I know. But if we don't go now, it's over. This is our only chance, and it's not a good one, but it's all we've got.\" Suddenly, it was as if the house had come to life all around them. The furious pounding from outside against the walls of the cabin commenced from all sides at once. The lights flickered and sent a phantom flurry of misshapen shadows dancing around them. Startled and alert, Rick's gaze darted to every corner, sure that danger could emerge from the very air itself. The cellar door shook and bounced and vibrated in its frame as the groaning hinges bore the assault of the beast beneath. It cackled and crooned the grisly refrain, \" Dead by dawn! Dead by dawn! \" Rick looked down the hall and saw from out the doorway come the creepishly jittering form of the long-haired ghoul that had once been Olivia, face torn wide open and smiling. In one hand it wielded another long, sharp blade of glass, coated red and flinging drops to the floor. It ran the sharpened tip along the side of the hallway as it lurched, one staggering footstep after another, through the darkness. Well, this is it, Ricki-Oh. It's been a fun ride and all, but it's time to nut up or shut up. Stand and deliver. I think you know what to do. \"No.\" Come on. Are we going to do this stupid song and dance again? You can't bullshit your way through this one, buddy boy. You don't have a choice. Look around. Without me, you're fucked \"I won't do it,\" Rick said, so caught in the thick of it that he forgot that Mia couldn't hear the voice of the mask. \"What?\" Mia asked. In truth, her concentration had been so fully on the encroaching danger that she had barely heard Rick speaking. The drumming of undead fists upon the walls had become a painful roar. Behind them, the cabinet stacked before the window toppled over. Soggy, bleeding arms reached through the broken slats of the shutters, feeling all around for the latch. Mia rose from the floor beside her brother and moved to Rick's side. He scooped her into his side and gripped tightly as they continued their descent into Hell. You have to, you obstinate little fuck! Let me spell it out for you—you are going to DIE! Now put me on, Rick. PUT ME ON NOW! With a great heavy crack and a rattle of metal, the latch in the cellar door gave way and the great wooden slab flew open, blowing a stench so foul as to tighten their throats with the sting of sulfur and rot. Natalie, horribly mutated and the color of washed-out gravestone, dripping dark fluids, smiled and sprung up with the frightening glee of a jack-in-the-box. She screeched and beat her fists against the floor, gnashing teeth and spraying black spittle from shiny, split lips. \"Time to chew on your fucking guts, shitface! I'm gonna bite your fucking lips off and make you eat my dripping cunt you fucking scared little shit! You're gonna wriggle like a worm!\" \"Fuck you!\" Mia nearly screamed above the clamor of the damned all around them. You won't let her die like this, Rick. I know you. When the chips are down, you'd give the flesh off your bones to save her. But what about your soul? How far into the fire are you willing to go? Rick looked into her eyes. \"Mia,\" he said, relenting to what seemed to be the ever-rising tide of fate, \"I love you. No matter what happens, please know that.\" He turned the mask in his hands and gazed into the hollow of its form. Upon first sight it had been slightly larger, but after the first union it was a perfect fit for the dimensions of his head. Though the lamp by the couch shone upon them and should have illuminated the smooth convexity, he looked within and saw an endless depth of impenetrable shadow, knowing that however deep into that abyss he fell, he would not be alone. \"Rick?\" Mia asked, and received no answer as he lifted the mask. He drew closer to that void and all the power it had to imbue, ready to reveal the horror and truth even at the risk of losing control of himself forever. He had but a fleeting moment to wonder if he could ever come back, if this would be the time that the strange other one would swallow him whole, but those thoughts were conquered by the dire maelstrom of death closing in. There was no recourse but to give in, and hope he had the power to resist it at least one last time. The mask was inches from his face when a grip like chiseled ice crushed his shoulder. They hadn't seen Eric's body as it transformed and moved with terrible quickness from the floor to where they stood. His head had turned from a faceless crater to a giant maw framed by melded red scar tissue where the flesh had been ripped from the muscle, and now the underlying bone had formed a succession of long, jagged fangs like stalagmites and stalactites, looking like a hideous zipper when they closed. Eric's body, or rather the thing in residence, spun Rick and slapped the mask from his hands. As their only hope for survival skidded across the floor, Rick doubled up and flung his weight into the creature, pushing it back where it stumbled and fell, having lost its balance on legs still stiff and swollen with settling blood. Damnations approached from all sides. The hinges on the front door were sure to give way with another hard hit, and the Olivia-thing was fast approaching from the hallway. Left with no other resort, Rick dove across the ground after the mask as it tumbled clickety-clack across the hardwood floor, following it headfirst toward the darkness of the cellar…right into the welcoming, outstretched arms of the thing on the stairs, squealing like a giddy swine for its incoming meal. \"Rick, no!\" Mia screamed as the creature clutched him by the stringy meat of his shoulders and pulled him away from her. They both went down, gone like a magician's trick, and the cellar door slammed shut, sealing Rick in with imminent death. She folded to the floor in defeat, a crumpled and lightless husk. All vibration and energy in the world ceased to exist, and silence filled the space between all things. The air stopped moving. Her mouth worked soundlessly, trying to pull oxygen into lungs that felt as stiff and dry as petrified wood. Over , she thought, her fate sealed in a single word. Eric's body rose from the floor, razor sharp teeth chomping spasmodically. The front door splintered and cracked across the center and another dripping fiend pushed aside the couch and stumbled through. From the hallway, Mia's greatest friend stalked with a grisly grin, slashing back and forth with a bloody glass blade. Her brother was gone, her friends were gone, and now Rick was, too. She had nowhere left to run, and she was all alone, defenseless against the hideous creatures converging upon her. The shotgun lay on the table, far enough out of reach to make even an attempt at suicide seem pointless. There was simply nothing more to worry about. If only she had a fix…one last fix to make the biting and the tearing feel like a warm, slow massage. That would make it not so bad. But she didn't even have that. \"Get on with it,\" she said to the approaching horde, raising a middle finger in one final act of defiant contempt. Vibrations suddenly started beneath her knees. An odd clamoring beneath the floor, like the bubbling of an underground well. The planks began to shake like a clapboard roof in a hailstorm, and a great roar stopped every creature still before the cellar door erupted, blowing off its hinges and shattering apart in the fantastic force that came from below. A red-black pillar of blood spewed forth like crude oil, pressurized to outstanding proportions. It slapped the ceiling and cracked the drywall, pooling and spreading against the very laws of gravity before finally falling all around like a fresh rain. The roar was nearly deafening in the enclosed space. Blood sprinkled Mia's face as she watched in awe-struck astonishment. She didn't know what it was or what it meant, only that it had spared her life for another few moments. And after those moments, the spewing, screaming geyser of blood finally slackened, lowering nearly all at once back into the hole from which it jetted. When all was settled, the only sound was the drip-drip-drip of ruby teardrops from above. The ceiling and walls were awash with glistening, candy-apple red, and a pungent, coppery redolence scented the air. A thumping sound met her ears and as up from the cellar came a hulking, blood-drenched creature like a nightmare come to life. Mia watched in a faraway daze as it approached, massive arms outstretched and reaching to take her away.[Chapter 13] Chapter 13 For Rick it was like falling into arctic water in a room with no walls and no floor. It was infinite space crowding all around him, infinite darkness. Dead of night. Night above and below, night spreading outward at all angles. He was beyond the wall now, beyond the world where hopes and dreams had weight, in a microcosm of pure and perfect dark. But the darkness wasn't empty. A presence traversed the great chasm like a cosmic body, hidden by the limits of human perception. Its whisper was a thunderous boom, echoing in tsunami waves of sound from every conceivable direction. Come unto me . There was only the faintest sensation of a corporeal body. It recalled in Rick the sensation of floating in icy cold water, a lake in late autumn. The extremities tingle, then burn, then fade until it feels as though every limb has merged with the chill. He felt himself fusing with the endless shadow, flowing throughout the abysmal expanse. The nothing was exquisite. It was too deep to understand, too complex to fathom. He was seeing the universe as it was newborn, fresh and free of the clutter of decay. Oh God , Rick thought. Or thought he thought. He had no words, and without the confines of conventional consciousness, ideas flowed freeform without restriction. I am your God now…the only God that matters, anyway. I am your absolution. Somewhere out in that never ending night, that distance without measurement, a light like a bright star flashed and grew larger, screaming through the vast universe of black at an astronomical speed. This is the order of the universe, and that order…is chaos. I am that chaos. Rick was deeper than he'd ever gone before. In a vibrant flash of indescribable brightness he flew through the eons before life and matter, beyond the little bang, and saw the world as it was before man, a primal tapestry of carnage and bloodshed, war waged amongst carnivorous oddities that slithered to and fro from earth to sea. He saw great winged deities that commanded legions of their spawn across the face of fiery vistas alight with molten ore oozing from the planet's pores. This is what we once were. This is what I was. The very first of that existence which you dare to call life. Don't make me laugh. There weren't any chilled decaf mocha-lattes back then, bub. No Wi-Fi, no broadband, no skinemax. And me…I was the shit. Big gods, little gods, nasty unintelligible fucks even older than the stars, we all roamed free. Free from the confines of material form. More magnificent than you could comprehend. We spanned realities, ruled galaxies across the universe. What happened? Rick wondered. What always happens? War, little buddy. Lots of war. We raised armies of flesh and ate our fill until we were gorged with sacrifice and blood. Our battles fractured and burned entire planets and eventually they awoke beings even we could not defy. I guess the simplest thing to call them would be dear old mom and dad, if your mom was a ball of black fire ten times larger than your sun. In any case, we were banished from the higher universe. Exiled from our galactic thrones. Some were swallowed whole, some vanished to other places beyond this reality. Rick's eyes, if it was even through eyes that he was seeing, marveled at another bright flash of immaculate light and he was somewhere else. A sprawling, continental land cradling a city of rock and bone. It was civilization of some kind, Aztec or something older. Rivers of red flowed from chiseled altars where slaves were once sacrificed by the hundreds. Central to the city was a great stone construct, upon which a masked being held sway over the frothing, worshiping masses at the base below. And that's me! Well, as close as you're gonna get. Looks like we went a little too far, but you get the basic idea. You really don't want to see my form before this, anyway. You'd shit bricks. You were banished into the mask, Rick said-thought. Not quite. I was banished, yes. The mask was just a nifty coinki-dink I used that later to move around more easily. See, I was never the same after the great god-buffet of my former life, but I learned early on how easy your ancestors were to manipulate. The human body is so frail, the mind so weak—but I made them better, Rick. That's why they made me their god number one. But you fucked up. What makes you say that? the voice inquired with a sinister intonation. Because you ended up in my hands. You're no god, not really. Watch it, pal. If Rick could feel his shoulders, he would have shrugged. You did something wrong. Hey, I can take criticism. You're right. I miscalculated how sophisticated you monkeys can be when you want something. In that particular case…freedom. You fucking flesh sacks and your free will. Free this, free that, blah blah blah. Nothing's free, Rick-O. You pay a price for every-fucking-thing. Sometimes that price is steep, but the prime mover is always desire. Even necessity doesn't hold a candle to that. Rick saw in a succession of scenes how the… thing …that inhabited the mask was overrun. Deposed and cast down by the remainders of whatever civilization he had led to destruction. What a sad, stupid mess of ingrates you primates are. I gave them more freedom than they knew what to do with. I gave them orgies, soaked them to the eyeballs in wine. I showed them substances to take their minds to the stars, but what does a monkey know about loyalty? Sacrifice? Devotion? Do these words mean ANY FUCKING THING TO YOU? Rick felt no cause for sympathy. Cry me a river, you Gozer wannabe. Ooh, you're a chewy little bastard. That's what I just don't get about you, Rick. You hate my guts, but you've shown more patience with me than the worthless peons I ruled millennia ago. Don't get me wrong, I've known one or two whiny little bitches like you, but none of them ever talked to me like I was worthy of compassion. I hate to say it, but you're the best friend I've ever had. Some friend. Why do you talk to me like I'm shit then? Rick, I'm hurt. Really. Wounded even. After all I've done for you. Come off it, Rick challenged. In the beat that followed, Rick felt/sensed a motion that he could only attribute to a shrug. The same reason you treat yourself like shit. Because you are. I don't know what to tell you, Rick. I've watched planets crack and break apart into fragments of barren rock. I've bathed in the fire of dying stars and eaten civilizations. Can't really remember most of it, but I know it happened. You're a blip in the form of a sentient worm, writhing about in the asshole of the universe with no effect on anything. You're the definition of 'momentary.' And you smug little bastards work so hard to give your existence such meaning and importance! Hah! I'd think that you of all people would know this. Maybe I do. You're talking about stuff people have written about for hundreds of years. Maybe if you knew how to be compassionate in turn you'd find some value in people, in life. You don't believe that for one minute, and neither do I. You've seen the truth, the bleak reality of life. There is no value in it, but that hasn't stopped me from helping you, has it? For your own benefit. But whatever. Everybody's known somebody like you. You're like an uptight philosophy student hooked on nihilism that lightens up when he's drunk. But what would you have me do? Go pillaging for your amusement. Yes! See what it's like to hold life and hope in your hands, and watch the exhilarating fear in the eyes of a big man you could crush like an ant. Have some fucking fun! Revel in the purity of chaos before that long dark cold comes down. That's not me. I don't want destruction. And if it's all for nothing anyway, who cares? There are other things I'd rather do. There are other things I value. A crack of thunder sounded from somewhere far off, rolling throughout the immeasurable distance and drawing Rick's attention to a flashing body of light. Like a bright star, a faraway sun, it burned so furiously that Rick could feel the radiating warmth of its heat all throughout. Drawn to it as a moth to a streetlight, he began to move through the space. Slowly at first, then faster, until he was flying like a shooting star. An odd notion popped into his head at once. Something he was forgetting. And all those things will hurt or betray you eventually. The things you love will offer no comfort, and the things you believe in will fray and snap under the weight of your devotion. You'll know exactly how it feels one day, when you're abandoned and left high and dry by your precious little— Mia! It came to him all at once and he knew who he was and why he was there. But Mia, she was still alone in the cabin. How the hell could he forget? How much time had passed, he didn't know. His only thought was returning to her. Starting from high-speed, he barreled past break-neck speed right into are-you-fucking-kidding-me , slicing innumerable miles of space and pushing headlong toward the star like a bolt of electricity towards a great blue storm that grew ever larger in the vault of ever-stretching darkness. One thing he knew. One name he screamed. MIIIIIIIAAAAAAAAA! XXXXX Hands hanging limp on ragged, bloodstained knees, Mia stared at the form standing across the room—a massive, humanoid shape of grotesquely distended muscle, striped with shimmering scarlet. Whips of steam coiled from the curvature of the round, striated shoulders and small rivulets of blood boiled like butter in a hot skillet upon arms formed by the hammer of some demented god. Capping all of its muscular girth was the smooth, glaring face of the mask. For long, sticky moments all was still and quiet, until the monster's eyes flared vibrant red and the creatures surrounding Mia sensed that they were not the same. When it moved, it moved . A greased eel dipped in goose shit couldn't have been faster. In three great strides it closed the distance of the room and towered over the Eric-thing, standing at least a full foot over the open jaws, a veritable giant in comparison. The horrible creature possessing Eric's corpse opened its mouth, reared back, and flashed forward like a striking cobra—right onto the masked giant's enormous fist. Mia didn't even see the punch, but watched as the broken, bloodstained teeth jingled to the hardwood floor. \"You cannot defy us!\" one of the things challenged. \"We are the forever festering flesh of the damned! We will rip you limb from limb! \" The creature gurgled and tried to pull free, but the giant grabbed it by the shoulder and pushed further into the open maw. Ah, now I see. A Kandarian scumbag. Fancy meeting you here. Small multiverse, huh? I was hoping I'd see one of you nasty fucks again. Knuckles. Wrist. Forearm. Inch after fleshy inch of steely, muscled arm snaked down the bulging, gagging throat. It clawed and kicked as it was lifted off the floor by monstrous strength surpassing its own. A bubbling, popping, slurping rip sounded from within and the giant's arm reappeared, stained red and dragging the entirety of the creature's shiny, dripping viscera. In one deft movement, it slid a double coil of intestine around the Eric-thing's neck and pulled with both hands until the spine cracked beneath the pressure applied by the rubbery ligature. Blood jumped from between the protruding gums in strident jets, arcing hot crimson through the air. Mia awed at the thing's incredible strength when a glimmer in her periphery drew her eye. In the chaos, Olivia had crept nearly close enough to slash off her face, and it was by sheer instinct of survival that she dashed backward across the floor as the slicer whistled through the air above her head. \"Olivia! Stop!\" she screamed. Her logical mind knew well the futility of speaking to the creature as if it were anything but a raging machine of death, but seeing her best friend's face—however distorted by otherworldly evil—prevented her from acting with that clarity. As quickly as possible on the blood-slicked floor, she scuttled backward from her brother's corpse and her murderous pursuer. Olivia jolted forward on uneven feet, closing the distance as soon as it was made. The giant released his hold on the crushed prey and snatched up the spiked chair leg from where it lay on the table. It wound back with major league form and swung. The club disintegrated to splinters as the head of the Eric-demon popped like a rotten melon, showering the wall with blood and sticky fragments of grayish bone embedded in pulverized brains. \" Mia, sweetie, do you know what I'm going to do to you? \" the demon said in a perfect Olivia imitation. \" I'm going to cut you down the middle and BATHE IN YOUR FUCKING GUTS! \" Mia's back hit the cold leg of the dining table. Hearing the whisper of metal on wood from above, she looked up and saw the butt of the shotgun slowly spin out over the edge, jarred by the impact. She took hold of the walnut stock with both hands and pulled it down, bracing it against her side. Euphoria stole over her, a sense of not being herself. In the back of her mind, a still defiant voice prodded. What are you doing? That's Olivia. You can't shoot Olivia. She's your best friend. But the whistle of piercing, stabbing death from the thing drawing towards her brought every sense and thought back to pure survival mode. In the end, it was kill or be killed. \"I'm sorry,\" she said, and pulled the trigger. Olivia's right shoulder disintegrated in a chunky mess of red and pink. The mirror shard in her hand shattered as what remained of her once toned and attractive arm hit the ground with a meaty thud. \" You fucking bitch! \" it screamed. Without thinking, Mia corrected her aim and fired again. The second round of buck took Olivia square in the chest. It opened like a giant red blooming flower, blowing shredded flaps of meat over Mia's face. The demon fell to its knees and sneered. \" I'll rip your heart out with my teeth!\" As it spoke, the giant, faceless being—finished with its first quarry—moved up from behind. Clenched in its hand was the long crowbar David had used as a crutch before collapsing. \" I'll tear your face off you ugly cu—\" Mia screamed as the giant drove the bar through the side of Olivia's head. The flat, sharpened tip crunched in one ear and slushed out the other. The sinister lights faded from her eyes as it began to twist her head like an obscene corkscrew. The flesh of the neck stretched and split until, with a final jerk upward, it ripped the skull free of the body, the shiny white spine slurping out of the cavity and hanging free as the body slumped to the ground. \"Oh my God!\" Mia shrieked as the blood pooled about her feet. \" Oh my fucking God! \" The giant jerked, wobbled unsteadily and looked around the room. It tossed the skewered head, kicked aside the exsanguinating body, and knelt down, hands outstretched toward Mia's face. \"Just kill me,\" she said, voice growing faint. Her eyes drooped, and darkness slimed up from the deep to take her into the abyss. Better, she thought, to fall dreamily into death than face the torment waiting with those hands. \"Mia?\" Rick's voice. Strong fingers, large and almost uncomfortably hot, gripped her arms and shook gently. Her head swam, the sound of his voice helped to bring her back to focus and clarity. Deliriously hopeful, her eyes cracked open, but instead of Rick, all she saw was the featureless mask of terror. \"Mia, are you okay?\" Her muscles tensed and she tried to pull free. \"Get away from me!\" she said. \"Where's Rick?\" \"It's me!\" the giant said. Mia gazed in astonished, terrified wonder at the bone-smooth face of the being before her. It looked like a bodybuilder from Hell. Every inch that she could see seemed to ripple with raw energy, and surmounting the mass of curves and striations was the mask of malefic formlessness, replete with endless black chasms where, somewhere deep within, hidden eyes looked out. Though the hands felt capable of breaking her in two, in some odd way, she felt Rick holding onto her. It was Rick's skin, his smell, his warmth. If nothing else, it was a feeling he put in her heart. Her voice came in a timid croak. \"Rick?\" \"It's me.\" \"How?\" she breathed, her voice barely strong enough to make it out of a whisper. \"It's the mask. This is what I was trying to tell you. It holds some kind of…ancient god. I couldn't take it back and I…I didn't want to put it on before because I could lose control and…and I don't know if I'll be able to take it off again. Mia, this is why I left.\" Mia's eyes widened as knowledge shined a new light on months of pain and darkness. \"Oh my…Rick.\" \"I didn't want to hurt you, and I couldn't let you find out.\" The formidable body sat back, hands supinated, gazing at the large palms. \"I couldn't let you…see me like this.\" Mia breathed slowly. With a steady hand she reached out to touch the smooth face, but Rick caught her hand. \"Don't,\" he said softly. \"That's not me.\" He placed her open palm on his chest, over his thunderously beating heart. \"This is.\" She pushed into him and coiled her arms around his massive, sinewy neck, hands sliding over the hot skin that felt shrink-wrapped onto die-cast muscle. The warmth instantly stilled her shivers and beneath that granite exterior, she felt the Rick she knew. Aw, isn't this sweet? So, you gonna turn this bitch out or what? I can wait. Jesus Christ! Rick thought-spoke, careful to keep his words silent in front of Mia. Do you ever take a break? Don't give me that. I know you wanna bust that nut. Ain't nothing wrong with bumping uglies in the midst of battle. Death is the ultimate aphrodisiac. Just shut up, please. Mia went rigid in his arms and for a moment Rick wondered if she had somehow heard the voice, but when she released him, he saw the stricken look of horror in her eyes and drew him to turn around. David's body had risen from the ground and hung suspended in levitation. The tips of his boots barely scraped the floor. His head, hanging limp, snapped up at once to reveal a transformed rictus of demonic possession, eyes wide and cataract grey, surrounded by thickened, contorted flesh. \" He is coming!\" The demon spoke in a million distorted voices. \"The Lord of Filth shall rise again in a river of blood! You cannot escape us!\" Arrogant little prick, isn't he? the voice spoke as Rick rose from the ground, fists clenched and ready to annihilate. \"You're going to pay for what you've done to my friends,\" Rick said. The David-demon roared. Its feet hit the ground and spanned the distance of the room in two great strides. Sailing through the air, it bounded through the open portal of the shattered window and disappeared into the night. They're regrouping, Rick. You don't have much time. \"I know,\" Rick said. Harsh footfalls at his back signaled his attention, and he turned in time to catch Mia as she ran for the door, flailing in violent spasm. \"What are you doing? Stop!\" \"Give him back, you motherfuckers!\" she screamed in bitter wrath, impotent in the knowledge that David was gone, turned into a puppet for use by the beings of Hell. \"Give him back! \" Rick spun her with his powerful arms into the tumefied muscles of his chest. It felt like hitting a blanket on a brick wall, but the pain in Mia's heart excelled that of the body. \"What is this?\" she moaned. \"Please God, let this be a nightmare.\" Oh boy. The waterworks never stop with this one, do they? She's crackin' up, Rick. Damaged goods. \"I wish it was,\" Rick said, ignoring the mask's chiding remarks. \"Maybe none of this is real. Maybe I'm dead or insane.\" \"Don't start talking like that now. Don't fall apart. You're stronger than that. We've survived this long.\" She shook her head. \"Everyone's dead! There's nothing left!\" \"There's us. We're still here, Mia. We're still together.\" \"You're not even you, Rick! You're not even you.\" He didn't pull her back, as he feared the sight of him would only push her further away. Instead, he ran his hands down the shroud of her hair and tried to talk her back. \"It's me. Listen to my voice. It's me. I know I look different, but I'm here. I can't turn back right now, but I love you and I'm not going to give up. We're going to make it out or die trying.\" She breathed warm air into him. \"I'm so tired.\" \"I know, baby. I am, too. We can sleep when this is over, as long as we have to.\" Slowly, he drew away and cringed as her head hung down, unwilling to meet his gaze. Lifting her chin, he hoped that somehow, something of him would shine through his monstrous appearance. \"But right now we have to fight. We don't have much time. They are going to come back in here, and we have to be ready.\" \"How? We don't even know how many of them are out there.\" \"It doesn't matter. There could be a million and it wouldn't change anything.\" \"Do you really think we can beat them?\" He looked at his mutated, oversized hands. \"Yeah, I think we can.\" Mia sniffled and ran a wrist under her nose, surprising Rick with the speed in which she was able to steady herself. She noticed his stare and shivered. \"What?\" she asked. The massive masked skull moved back and forth. \"Nothing,\" he said. \"I'm smiling, I think.\" This brought a wide, half-crazed grin to Mia's face. \"This is insane. Absolutely fucking insane.\" \"No. Insane would be letting these fuckers take us out now.\" \"I love you,\" she said suddenly. \"Let's get the hell out of here.\" She zipped up the leather jacket and took a deep breath. \"What do we do?\" \"Get your boots on and reload that shotgun.\"[Chapter 14] Chapter 14 Though the rain had stopped, gusting wind battered the hinges and rocked the cabin, urging the loose boards to shudder and groan in terrible choir. Frigid air screamed between the slats in choked stutters like the fierce cachinnations of the damned. Flanking the intermittent blasts was deep quiet, louder and more threatening than any noise the forest could bring. Mia palmed the last of the 12-gauge shells and shoved them into a free pocket, all the while keeping the shotgun within reach. Her red, heavy eyes never left Rick's monstrous form as he reset the barricades as best he could with what little they had left. He glanced back at her every few seconds, meeting her gaze with eyes she couldn't begin to read. His careful body language belied that he knew what she was thinking, or rather feeling , and the silence grew awkward even amidst the threat of agonizing death. \"Rick?\" \"Yeah?\" She tried the words first in her mouth, struggling to form them coherently from thoughts she couldn't entirely shape even in her mind. Finally, she settled on, \"What is it?\" Rick likewise took his moments to reply, unsure of how to compress the experiences and knowledge gained into a presentable thought without turning into a dissertation. \"It's hard to explain. The mask is…possessed.\" \"You said something about…a god?\" \"Yeah, or a demi-god. Or even a demon. I don't really know what it is, but that's probably the simplest way I can think to put it. It's an asshole, I can tell you that much.\" \"Huh?\" \"It's intelligent, sentient. It speaks to me.\" \"What does it say?\" \"What doesn't it say?\" Rick laughed, then became serious again. \"It's hard to explain.\" Mia cocked her head, listening as if she might hear some secret murmur. \"What's it saying now?\" \"Nothing. It doesn't talk all the time. There were times when I even wondered if it was gone. But I think it's always there. Trust me, I'm thankful for the times it leaves me alone.\" He paused for a moment, opting to omit a few finer details that would only disturb her further. \"I can't always control it. That's why I ran away before. I couldn't risk hurting you. And I didn't want you to see me like this.\" She went to him and, after a moment of hesitation, took one of his large hands. \"It's okay,\" she said, playing her fingers over the rough knuckles. \"I just want you back. The real you.\" \"I know. Just as soon—\" A sudden assault shook the barricades. A dark, rotting fist cracked through the bookshelf, scraping the air for the purchase of flesh. The couch bucked against the force of the collapsing door and when the hutch against the left side window fell, a circular object sailed between the tattered curtains and rolled to a rattling stop on the floor. They recognized it immediately. A steering wheel. The steering wheel to the truck outside, the last viable form of egress they had left. \"Is that what I think it is?\" Rick asked. \"Yeah. We're not going anywhere.\" They backed up as the rest of the barriers fell to kindling beneath the chalky bone of long-dead fingertips and the creatures began to find their way through. Mia lifted the shotgun and fired into the meat of the one at the window, exposing its ribs with the blast. Decayed lungs in the shape of blackened mushrooms fell from the cavity and splattered onto the floor, but the beast continued its intrusion. Mia aimed to fire again but Rick grabbed the barrel. \"No! We have to make them count. Hit them in the head if you can.\" \"I'd rather not get that close,\" Mia quipped. Sensing movement, Rick spun and pulled Mia out of the way. One of the ghouls had infiltrated from one of the bedrooms and snuck upon them from the hallway, wielding the axe last seen buried in Henrietta's neck. Arms high, it moved with a surprising quickness for a walking corpse. Mia fell to the floor as the bladed edge cut the air with a sinister whistle and sunk half-way to the handle into Rick's chest. Densely packed muscle flexed about the rusty metal as fresh blood welled up from the wound. The eyeholes in the mask flashed brilliant red and Rick's stature changed, tightened, as if something had changed within—as though something had taken over. Ignoring the axe embedded in his chest, Rick grabbed the creature by the wrists and spread its arms wide, cruciform style. The skin at the shoulders straightened and stretched like bubble gum until finally popping open with the sound of snapping rubber, revealing the cartilage beneath. Any human body, taken to such far reaches of pain, would have broken into a warbling mound of screams and flowing tears, but the creature contorted by Rick's hands only looked at him as one demon to another as he slowly separated it from its appendages. And it smiled. The damn thing smiled . Incensed, Mia's mind flew wild with thoughts of violent vulgarity, imposed against an brightly illumined background of her brother's last breaths. Kill it! Kill it! she screamed within. Tear it in two! Rip the fucker apart! With a final pull, the entire mechanism separated on both sides, limbs dangling wildly from Rick's hands. When the disarming was done and the two bloody stumps fell to the ground, he took the fiend's face in his palm the way one would grip a softball. One flex of the forearm—one simple squeeze—and the thing's head popped between his fingers, spewing four bloody geysers and oozing bony chips and soft brain between the knuckles. Oh yeah! The voice of the mask squealed in sadistic elation. Now that was fun! Who's your number one life taker and heartbreaker? Fun? Rick thought. I've got a fucking axe in my chest! Get used to it, Ricky! Learn to love the pain. There's a whole lot more coming. Another threat was out of the fight, but there was little time for small victories as Mia saw that more were pouring in through the door and windows. Four, five, six of them—the decayed, resurrected corpses of whatever denizens of the deep hills that had been taken by Henrietta or some other demons from beyond. \"Rick!\" Mia screamed as they approached with wild eyes and gnashing teeth. \"Fight! Kill them! Kill 'em all!\" Mia fired the remaining shell, splattering a ghoul's face all over the ceiling. She chose another target and pulled the trigger to the sound of a dry, defeating click. An inhuman growl, unlike anything her ears had ever sampled, emanated from deep within Rick's core. The axe dropped from his chest, bloody upon the floor, the wound seemingly healed. Where once a red river gushed only a ghostly scar remained. In one deft move, his massive arm slid her to the corner with surprising grace, then turned and flipped the table on its edge. Lifting it as if it was as light as plywood, he swung it around before her, legs against the adjoining walls. It formed a meek but tangible barrier to shield her from the coming brawl. \"Reload!\" he said. \"And shoot anything that gets close!\" At once they began to pile on him, one after another until they swung from his outrageous frame. They clawed and clamped and sunk into his flesh with wicked incisors. He flayed around like a tornado of meat, lashing with fists and elbows, but each time he cast one against a wall it rose almost instantaneously, hungry for more. They were as tenacious as they were ugly. He was a maelstrom of mass and fury, swinging fists as hard as cinder blocks, obliterating ribcages and separating meat from bone. Heads were ripped free from their hosts and limbs rained from the sky, trailing shiny scraps of bloody meat in their wake. Mia swayed on legs that wobbled like springs and fumbled two shells out of her pocket as the battle waged before her very eyes. A rush of sickness heaved in her stomach and she nearly vomited but managed to hold it in her throat. There was nothing down there to purge anyway save for the burning juices of her gut. Reloaded, she snapped the gun shut and brought it to shoulder, waiting for one of the bastards to make a clear target. She caught one racing toward Rick and fired at its hideous face, tracking it with both barrels in the fashion of a skeet shooter, but it was the neck that split open like a burst hose, showering black ichor over the floor. Its head flipped from side to side obscenely on its half-supported spine, all the while issuing terrifyingly joyous cackles. Rick cast one from his back and plucked the axe from the floor near his feet. After a sharp turn and a fierce downward swipe, the nearly decapitated ghoul froze and split down the middle, its gushing halves flapping like grounded fish to either side. As the battle waged on, a sudden thought flashed through Mia's mind. She looked at each of the undead creatures closely, or at least as closely as she could in the midst of battle. Of one thing she was sure. None of them were David. These things…possessed corpses of the dead…were dressed in the tattered remnant rags native to anyone in the region. They were, Mia was certain, the poor families of the hills mentioned on the accursed recording. But where was her brother? Don't come back, she pleaded silently. Please don't come back. I don't want to see you die again . The ferocity of the battle broke suddenly, revealing in the settling stillness that Rick had broken, smashed, stretched, shattered, and dismembered all but two of the demonic ghouls. Though seemingly unaware but for the urge to rip and chew flesh from bone, the creatures were not entirely without intelligence, for the pair did not rush him headlong, but rather watched with a sort of feral caution. \"Not so tough now, are you?\" he taunted. That's what I'm talking about! the voice cheered. There's my little badass. Looks like I've taught you well. With one smooth draw of the axe, he cleaved the skull cleanly off one of the monstrosities. It flailed its arms in exaggerated panic, jibing like a headless chicken. Rick stepped down on the cranium and watched the brains fan outward about his feet with hidden mirth. He felt powerful. Unstoppable. Merciless. Feels good, doesn't it? Giving these heathen fucks what they deserve. What are they? he wondered. Cockroaches to us. Pests. Or maybe more like a communicable disease. They're corruption, Rick. And if you don't want your world to end up as bloody as this cabin, don't let your guard down. Rick watched as the headless body swelled about the abdomen until the dirty, wet flannel shirt popped open, revealing a gaping mouth full of cunning teeth, with dark, wild eyes rolling in the chest. \"What the fuck!\" he said. Told you. Sometimes takin' the head isn't enough. These things like to distort the flesh. Tricky little fuckers, huh? They can be a real pain in the ass. A bloody, whip-like tongue lashed from the mouth and fastened around Rick's throat. Small, bony barbs adorned the tip, sinking into the skin of his neck. Nasty, too. \"Gross!\" he shouted and brought the axe down on the face, opening a wide gash through its center. The severed tongue slid loose and wriggled fiercely until he pulled it from his neck and let it drop to the ground. He hoisted the axe high again to deliver the killing blow when a thunderous shot rang out and a spray of blood and teeth hit his chest. The mutated creature's middle exploded from the blast, and what remained amounted to little more than a pair of denim-clad legs, which twitched and promptly buckled to the ground. Rick turned to Mia. He looked past the smoking barrels into her eyes—wide and glittering blue. Brilliant, icy blue. Blue that changed to purple in certain light. He fell into that gaze and knew that there was no one anywhere he'd rather love or fight alongside. She shone like a Valkyrie in the ever gleaming light of Valhalla. \"Thanks,\" he said. \"Don't mention it,\" she returned with a surprising smile—a smile that melted with the rise of a hideous, terrifying sound—the bone in the meat grinder. The explosive, rumbling roar of a two-cycle engine succeeded by the whistling whine of high velocity blades slicing the cold air. \"Shit,\" Rick cursed. Somebody found a new toy. Looks like the fun isn't over after all. Mia broke open the shotgun, pulled the still smoking empties from their housing and slid fresh rounds in before snapping it closed once again. The spicy smell of spent gunpowder stung her nostrils. The last remaining demon standing in the house—a bald, goblin looking fiend in overalls with eyes like white marble—seized that moment to jump on Rick, swinging around onto his back and lodging its canines into his neck. Mutated hands tipped with lethal talons scraped the flesh from his chest in curling red ribbons. That's when David appeared in the doorway, features contorted and barely recognizable, holding the chainsaw before him like a rabid animal. The grin on his demonic face turned Mia's blood to ice instantly. \"David!\" she screamed. \"No!\" It wailed in sadistic excitement, lifted the chainsaw high and dashed at full speed into the room. Rick saw Mia push over the table and cried out. \"Mia! Stop! It's not him!\" Unconscious of his words or oblivious to reason, Mia stared at her brother, shotgun gripped at her side. The pained grimace on her face told all that was unsaid—that the deep recesses of her heart still held hope that the power of love could somehow overcome the horror she faced. Rick dropped the axe and scrambled forward as the creature upon him ravaged his back and neck. He pushed Mia out of the way as the saw blades screamed down toward her head. The demon moved quickly, bringing the chainsaw down between Rick's neck and shoulder. It tore through flesh and bone, veins and ligaments, splitting his upper body diagonally. \" FUUUUUUuuuuuuuckkkk! \" Rick screamed, a drawn out bellow of agony. He grabbed David's arms to keep the screeching blades from reaching his heart. With all his strength, he managed to hold it back, but David continued to bear down like an animal, slowly scooping out more of Rick's insides. The one on Rick's back cackled as the saw shredded through its left arm, as if the loss of its own limb mattered not at all. A new morsel in sight, it dropped from Rick's back and ran for Mia, but Rick released his grip on David's arm to reach out and take it down by the ankle. \"Mia! Run!\" The David-thing ripped the chainsaw free of Rick's chest and brought it screaming down on his outstretched arm. The bulging bicep split like roasted meat, spraying blood across Mia's face. She tasted Rick's life in her mouth, hot and metallic across her tongue. She screamed and jumped back from the creature that struggled to scrabble towards her. Reflexively and almost without thinking, she stepped down hard one of its hands as it scraped the floor trying to grab her. The satisfying crunch of snapping bone reached her ears as she pushed the muzzle of the gun into the back of its head and fired. The blast shook her fiercely and set bells ringing in her ears. Bits of brain and skull bone splattered across her legs and dripped over her boots. As the ruined thing lay twitching on the floor, she snapped the barrels up and aimed them at David's face. His twisted, hideous grin went slack and he released the throttle on the saw. Slowly, he pulled it out of Rick's woefully injured arm and let it fall to the floor, where the engine choked and died. \"I'm so sorry, David.\" The creature merely looked on with fierce but idle eyes. To the side, Rick groaned and tried to hold his wounded body together. Every fiber of muscle ached. Every vein rain with fire. \"Mia!\" he cried in pain. \"Get away from it! That's not David.\" \"I…I love you\" Mia sobbed. \"Please forgive me.\" She blinked tears from her eyes and suddenly the heinous, evil creature was gone. In its place stood her brother, complete and well again. He looked at her with loving, sorrowful eyes. He looked younger, more vibrant, from a time before years of trial and pain lined his face with age. \"David?\" she whispered, taken by the miracle of his return—the notion that his heart was strong enough to reject the demonic infection. \"It's okay, Mia,\" David said, low and soothing. \"It's okay, sweetie. We can go home now. It's over.\" \"Mia!\" Rick cried, but his voice warbled far away from her ears, as if he was speaking underwater. He slumped forward and drug his body toward David with his one good arm, smearing buckets of blood beneath his open flesh. \"It's not you,\" she said. \"It can't be.\" \"It's me. I came back. I'm here to take you home. I won't leave you again, I promise. We'll get you better, and we'll be a family.\" He held out an open hand to her. \"Come on.\" Mia looked at the callouses on his hand and remembered how hard he'd always worked, putting everything else in his life on hold after their mother got sick. To be a good brother. To be a good son. He deserved a better life—a better death. The sight of his pallid face slumping against her kept breaking into her mind as she shook her head moved back and forth. A tidal wave of tears crested behind her eyes, eager to spill forth. \"No. You're dead. I watched you die.\" Rick looked into the hollowed valley of torn flesh that was his bicep. Astonished, he watched the tiny fibers of muscle stringing across the gulch of his wound, knitting themselves back together. Separate sides of a blue vein, severed and limp, struck together and melded like chewing gum. \"Mia,\" David said, a tremulous note breaking into his voice. \"It's time to go.\" \"No! You're not my brother! Get out of his body!\" \"You spoiled little brat ,\" David snapped. His face screwed up in disgust. \"No wonder mom hated you. She told me. Years ago. She said 'get away from here and your little junkie cunt of a sister!' So I did, and I wish I'd never come back. I wish you had died with a needle in your arm.\" \" Fuck you! \" Mia screamed. In an instant, David's face fell to ashen gray, popping with odd ridges and open lesions. His eyes turned to black and red as he reverted to demon form. \"Come here you bitch!\" Arms shot out like whips and pulled Mia to him. She screamed as he sank his teeth into the tender area between her shoulder and neck. If not for the leather jacket protecting her, he surely would have taken a good chunk of flesh. Energized by the sound of her agony and healed enough to move, Rick shot forward and locked his good hand on David's left shoulder. He squeezed until the joint turned to pudding beneath his grip. Mia broke free and backed away as Rick flung David toward the door. Her foot scraped against the shotgun as it lay where she had dropped in on the floor. She snapped it up and checked the chambers, unsure if she had fired both shots. One shell remained unfired. Knowing what she had to do, she closed the gun and brought it to her shoulder, aiming down the twin barrels at her brother's face. \"Go to hell,\" she said. The creature sneered and roared in defiance. \" We'll rip your soul apart you stupid whore— \" Mia fired. David's contorted face disintegrated into formless meat beneath the destructive power of double-ought buck. Mia closed her eyes so tight it hurt, but the snapshot of that hideous end was imprinted like a glowing cattle brand in her mind, a hell she would be forced to live with forever. His body stood for a moment, still as stone, then jolted and slumped to the floor, blood pouring from the neck in buckets. Rick froze as Mia let the shotgun clatter to the floor. The weight of her pain hit him in full, squeezing his insides like a cold press. Short of watching her brother die, there wasn't anything he could have thought more painful. It never occurred to either of them that she might be the one to finish him for good. \"Mia…\" She went to his arms and stared into him with clear blue eyes. \"It's okay, Rick,\" she said. \"I'm so sorry.\" \"I know it wasn't him. I…I know there wasn't anything we could do.\" She pulled back and took notice of his injuries. Her eyes softened with worry. \"Oh my God. Are you—\" \"I'm okay. I'm already healing, see?\" He held up his arm and chuckled inwardly at her look of complete surprise as she saw the final traces of the gash in his arm healing. The outer flesh folded together like a zipper and it was as if he was untouched. The much more grievous wound to his chest, however, was taking longer to seal. \"Wow,\" was all she could say as she reached up to scratch at her shoulder. Grimacing in pain, she unzipped the leather jacket and peeled it from her shoulder. Her sheer nightgown, soiled with sweat, revealed with hideous contrast the bright red blood oozing from the bite near her neck. \"It got me.\" \"It's okay,\" he said. \"We'll patch it up as soon as we get across the creek.\" \"How are we going to make it without the truck. We can't walk all the way back.\" \"My bike should still be on the road. If we walk we can make it by sunrise.\" \"I don't feel good,\" she said, voice faint, and swooned on her feet. He took her into his arms and twitched at the icy cold of her skin. He ran his hands over her arms, hoping to draw out some of that bitter chill. \"You're exhausted, baby. You need rest. I'll carry you if you can't walk.\" Her body sunk further down between his arms and he felt her breath grow rapid and shallow against his chest. \"Mia! You could be going into shock. Don't pass out. Don't you dare fall apart now.\" With a deep breath, she seemed to regain her composure. \"I'm okay,\" she said, brushing wet hair from her face. She folded into him and absorbed with intense warmth of his body. It flowed into her veins and filled her bones with awesome heat. Heat she hadn't felt since her fever subsided. He looked her over with concern. \"Can you make it?\" \"I think so.\" She looked around at the carnage, aware—painfully, insanely aware—that the blood and the bone and the bits and pieces that littered the room belonged to her best friends and her brother. The only real contacts she had left in life had been splattered and torn apart. Rick saw the dismay and doubt in her eyes. \"There's nothing we can do. You know that.\" \"What are we supposed to tell people? What the hell are we supposed to do?\" \"I don't know, Mia. I don't have the slightest idea. We'll figure something out. We lost our friends, but we're alive, and that's what they would want.\" Mia nodded and looked out the door, into the dangerous night. \"Do you think there are any more of… them ?\" she asked, looking at the stomach-churning mess flooding the floor of the cabin. The place of her childhood had become an abattoir, brimming with spilled viscera and unmentionable gore. It smelled like one, too. Rick handed Mia the shotgun and retrieved the chainsaw. \"I think I'll keep this handy, for close encounters.\" A tired grin came to her face. \"You're quoting Aliens now?\" \"Can you think of a better time?\" She shook her head. \"You're such a nerd, and I missed you so much.\" \"I missed you, too. Now what do you say we get the hell out of here?\" She nodded and they stood together, side by side in the shadow of the valley of death. They looked through the doorway into pitch black, wondering what final horrors and detestable creatures were waiting, looking to make the deep woods their eternal hell.[Chapter 15] Chapter 15 They walked out into the cool night. Damp. Dark. Quiet but for the whispery murmurs of wind streams meandering through the woodland, tickling the moss and dead leaves. The world may as well have been a desolate wasteland beyond the swaying treetops. A gentle breeze blew across the portico and instantly chilled them—a breeze free of the heat and choking stench that occupied their lungs. Through the terrifying events of the night, each had doubted that they would ever again feel the caress of such a gentle wind or see another distant sunrise. Mia rubbed her arms and gazed up at the sky. Dark clouds still hung low and menacing over their heads, but small rips in the fabric of those vicious thunderheads revealed a clear dome of blazing stars just beyond. \"What time is it?\" she asked. \"I don't know. It must be close to morning. Hopefully the sun will be up by the time we reach the creek.\" Rick looked at her frail, shivering form and saw his world and life. She was the essence—the fuel and the fire. She was all that stood between him and the grave. If the ferryman to Hades had demanded such a sacrifice, he would have paid in full to see her spared that tragic ride. They stepped off the porch into the needle-strewn scruff of the clearing. For such a long pour, the ground was remarkably dry. Rick thought he should feel better about their chances, but an odd sense refused to let him be—the fear of some hidden danger yet to be revealed. For Mia, after the initial recon denoted that they were safe, a wave of relief washed over her, accompanied by an almost enthusiastic sensation—a thrill —even that they were still alive. Perhaps survivor's remorse would set in later, but now she was breathing, sweating, and shaking in the chill, more alive than she had ever been. Fully and painfully alive now that the deceptive covering of everything they'd ever know had finally been lifted. They were tucked away in a bundled world of secrets and arcane realities no one would understand, but even that couldn't detract from her enjoyment in that moment of simply breathing In. Out. \"How did we make it through this?\" she asked. Rick looked at her and couldn't believe it himself. \"I don't know,\" he said. \"I just knew I wasn't ever going to give up on you. I don't know what's going to happen next, but that's never going to change.\" How odd it was that just months ago they had separately danced with death to their own music just to join together again for the tango de la muerte with a very different beat. If Rick had his way, he would never dance with another again. Such was certain in his gaze. \"I love you.\" \"I love you, too.\" They stood about in somber silence for a moment, Rick wondering what thoughts were going through Mia's head as she looked him over, obviously still awestruck by what he had become. \"Rick?\" \"Yeah?\" She looked up at him for a moment, unsure. \"What about…you?\" \"Huh?\" \"I don't think we can ride out with you looking like that?\" Rick looked down at his altered state and marveled at the transformative power of the mask, or more so the spirit therein. He had seen it before, felt the remarkable strength course through him, and was still amazed, though he felt more like Jekyll and Hyde than Bruce Banner and the Hulk. \"Oh,\" he said with a nervous hint. \"I'll…change back as soon as we're safe.\" He decided not to elaborate on the doubts and fears running through his mind. Will we really make it out of here? he thought. What if we do? Can I take it off? What if I can't? Suddenly, a wave of awesome energy rushed over Rick. He stood bolt upright, frozen in place for a moment before falling to his knees. His hands closed into sweaty, shaking fists as the great power rolled through him. \"Rick?\" Mia said, turning to find him on the ground. She rushed to his side and tried to peer into the glowing eyes of the mask. \"Something's happening,\" he rasped, his voice mirroring the tension that clenched his entire body. Reality broke free in front of his face and the world became a two-dimensional diorama past which he would see the infinite expanse of the universe. The sky glowed out in the distance, illuminated by a nest of stars unlike anything he'd ever seen. \"What?\" she asked, following his gaze into the nothing. \"What is it?\" \"Everything,\" he said. \"Everything. The edge of the world, just past those trees.\" \"You're scaring me.\" \"You should be scared.\" \"Rick, what's going on?\" \"I don't know. I think I'm having some…kind of reaction. Something's coming.\" \"What?\" Mia asked. A cannon roar of thunder assailed their ears as a crooked strike of lighting split the sky. The brilliant bolt arced from the dark cape of clouds and struck the roof of the cabin, instantly setting the shingles alight with flames. An explosion from within shook the earth at their feet and great rolling heads of fire belched from the twin windows, illuminating the clearing with a burst of orange light. The licking flames within looked like evil eyes in the darkness. \"Oh my God,\" Mia said. Rick shook his head. \"Don't think that was Him.\" \"Then what was it?\" she asked when an errant, swollen raindrop struck her forehead. Rick reached out and wiped her brow, and when he pulled his hand away it was slick and ruby red. They looked to one another in confusion as another heavy globule flattened upon Rick's head and slid in a long, scarlet rivulet down the shiny surface of the mask. The mystery pulled their eyes skyward as the red sky overhead released its sinister payload, slowly at first, with the heavy slaps of fresh, fat rain against the pine needles, then heavier until they were bathed in a lavish red downpour of glittering blood. Rick watched as, within moments, Mia's pale flesh gave way to a veneer of vermilion, like something out of a nightmare. If Slayer doesn't pop out soon I'm going to be very disappointed, he thought. Mia's breath quickened with terror. \"What the fuck is happening?\" she asked, dripping blood like sweat from every inch. Rick looked at her face, draped in a sheet of shimmering red like fresh cherry paint. It was so beautifully terrifying against the pale white of her neck. He'd always considered her, on some level, a work of art. He couldn't abide seeing her drenched in blood, cold and shaking. He himself would be in similar straights if not for his unique advantages. And he planned to use every one of them to put an end to that night once and for all. The decrepit fetor of decay filled their nostrils as the earth began to tremble at their feet. An odd warble of turning dirt and clashing rocks emanated from the ground now saturated with blood. It poured down the trees, bent bushes and flattened brush, and flowed in small rivers down the rise of the hill. \"Rick!\" Mia screamed as the rumbling grew louder and the trembling more fierce. She raised the shotgun, looking all about for a target— anything that could claim her sense of overwhelming fright. Rick brought the chainsaw to furious life with a jerk of the starter cord. \"Stay close!\" he said over the roar of the motor as he aimed the bladed chain into the distance, at whatever threat may come. The ground trembled at their feet as the earth began to rise at the road, swelling into a glistening shroud of quivering mud, pregnant with some hidden monstrosity within. The muddy bubble split and a red foam of bubbling blood gushed from the crumbing apex. What emerged was a thing so horrendous it might have sent less prepared souls into a raging fit of insanity. A ghastly, grinning face erupted from the soggy soil, and inch by inch, foot by foot, a column of flesh, slimy and serpentine, snaked up from the deep. It rose into the air—six feet, ten feet, twelve feet—until it finally stopped and stared down at them with eyes full of horrifying hunger. The body, Rick saw, was embellished with a collection of faces protruding from the flesh. Some were figures of maleficent horror while others were those of more innocent souls, screwed up in an agony beyond any earthly comprehension. \"You will not leave! We are legion! Filth and damnation shall infest you! You will writhe like maggots in our infinite decay. We will swallow your SOOOOUUUULLLLL!\" Eyes blazing bright red, Rick revved the chainsaw and roared to match its furious timbre. \"Come get some you son of a bitch!\" The demon abomination roared in a choir of uncountable voices and coiled back, the entirety of its mass tensed into a pillar of unshakeable muscle. For all of its enormity, the speed with which it lunged took Rick and Mia by surprise, leaving them little time to react. Driven by sheer instinct, Rick released his grip on the chainsaw and pushed Mia out of the way. They barely cleared demon's path as it crashed into the ground between them, sending both of them flying along opposite trajectories into the bloody mire. Mia wiped the sticky, flowing red from her face and tried the blink the blood from her eyes. She aimed the shotgun skyward, but when her vision returned the sight of the creature's face froze her completely. It was mere feet away, breathing hot, foul air upon her legs, hardening the coating of blood upon them. It stared into her with eyes that contained the fierce, fiery hatred of a legion of hungry ghouls, cheering from their realm beyond. Mia screamed and called Rick's name as the thing opened its massive jaws and shot forward, enveloping her bare legs in the warm, wet pocket of its stinking maw. A wave of noxious air hit her face with a force of a brick, nearly knocking her unconscious and she felt the strong suction pulling her down into the belly of Hell itself. \" Riiiiiicccckkkkk! \" XXXXX Rick, face down in the endless red, rolled over and tried to clear the murk from his vision as his head reeled with pulsating pain. His thoughts were little gray horses on a carousel of madness, the worst of all being that their struggle could end up culminating in little more than the opportunity to become shit in the bowels of some giant demon worm from the abyss. Get up, gotta get up. How was it so damned fast? Mia! Where are you? Wiping much from a smooth face that was not his own, his sight returned just enough to see, and he experienced the darkest terror—the most excruciating agony —of his life as he watched the screaming face of his beloved disappear into the mouth of the abomination. \" Miiiiiaaaaa! \" he raged, rising from the crimson bog. She's gone. She's fucking gone! The carousel of thoughts spun out of control. Rick , the voice said, trying to reach him through his manic state. Rick! Keep it together. A vicious cocktail of rage, denial, and fear coursed through him as his body began to change, pushing the limits of the mask. The blood pooling about his feet rippled and blew into the air, driven by the energy radiating from the fiery conflagration burning unabated in his core. Well, if we're going to end up demon shit, let's do it right and tear that ass up. His skin tightened until every fiber of muscle, every joint, every vein and striation stood out in bas-relief like a face in a plastic bag. Razor sharp blades made of bone as hard as granite cut through his flesh, jutting out from him at terrifying angles. Trapezius muscles, deltoids, clavicles and femurs, all sprouted bladed implements of shredding destruction. The drops of blood falling from the sky burnt into whips of steam the moment they touched his scorching flesh. Before he could charge, before he could move, the great demon head pivoted on its ropey, face-knotted trunk and fixed Rick in its predatory sights. It lashed out, cutting through the air like a cruise missile. Unafraid of death or any form of suffering that could be brought to him, he stood fast as the creature smashed into him with the force of a freight train. It lifted him into the air but before it could throw him free he clenched one hand full of slick, otherworldly flesh and sunk his arm to the bicep into the creature's right eye. The other eye opened wide in pain, reflecting the golden light from the burning cabin as its twin orb popped like a trash bag and clear, viscous fluid like snot-water spewed from the ocular cavity as the woods filled with a roar unheard in all of history. The creature swung its mass with furious strength and sent Rick spiraling like a meteor into the side of the SUV. The vehicle crumpled like tin foil under the density of his frame. His innards split, bones buckled and broke, and pain exploded throughout as he fell into the soaked, bloody soil. The chainsaw, engine still running in a staccato lope, lay mere feet away. Muscles locked in spasm and pain, Rick struggled to find the strength to rise. Without Mia, all seemed lost. All that he had fought for was gone and he couldn't imagine walking out of those woods without her even if he could. The demon creature thrashed into the ground, sending blood flying into the air and creating a roiled maelstrom of red mist. Each flogging blow pushed cavernous ruts into the soil that instantly pooled with the thick liquid. When the agony tearing through is head passed, it turned and seized upon Rick's weakened state, diving into the earth, mouth open and plowing through enough mud to fill a tomb. Rick stared into the black void of its gullet and willed himself to move. His right arm whipped out for the chainsaw, but the rest of him was too slow. His legs slipped into the gaping maw as his left hand flew up onto the thing's face, holding the rest of him from the same fate. He was too large to swallow in one gulp like Mia, but that was a minor inconvenience. The great jaws closed, skewering him through the middle. The great spikes of bone punctured him front and rear, driving through in opposite directions from each side. Rick's head swung back and blood ran from his eyes and ears and every other orifice as he let loose a massive, gurgling bellow of pain. The chainsaw was no further than a foot from his scraping fingers. It might as well have been a mile. Fight, you little asshole! The voice roared inside his head. C'mon, Rick, you can do it. Fight! Tensing every muscle, he pushed against the trap of teeth until the impalement stopped. His lower half felt almost numb, but at the moment the thick mass of his trunk was enough to keep him in one piece. His fingers pulled up handfuls of muddy earth, every tendon stretch taught reaching for his only weapon. \"I can't!\" Rick screamed. \"It's too strong!\" Goddamn it, Rick. If ever in your life you've had to try, now's the time. I know you, Rick. I've seen into your heart, and you've got more than I've seen in a long ass time. Now get your ass up and kill this overgrown earthworm! I'm sorry, Mia. I'm so sorry. Rick thought. He prayed that the lights would just go out—that it would all end quickly. The creature in which he was being masticated froze suddenly as a muted boom sounded, almost as if from underground. Rick felt the vibration from the sound shake through his legs as a geyser of black ooze shot from the demon's back. A gale of hot, musty air blew over his body as the thing screamed. Mia! She's alive! Well holy fucking Moses, the voice said. If she's really still kickin' I might have to take back a few things I said because…that's pretty badass. \"Mia!\" Rick screamed as the jaws continued to crunch down into his bones. \"Hold on!\" Better hurry, buddy boy. She sure as hell doesn't have much longer. \"AAAAAAAGGGHHHH!\" Rick stretched so hard he felt as though his cartilage was tearing, unmooring from his bones at the behest of his body. Every thought cannonballing through his mind was about killing the cursed abomination and getting Mia out of it. And his body began to change. Through the scarlet haze of blood and rage he saw he flesh become like viscous liquid, almost Newtonian. It formed into little tendrils that lashed out over the ground. Dozens of them, one over another, flowing from his flesh until his hand was no longer visible. Muscles bulged through the mushy, liquid-like skin as his unstable state expanded with energy, pulsing outward toward the grip of the chainsaw. Inch by inch the fluid tendrils stretched from his arm, pouring over one another in fleshy waves until falling one by two by three onto the red plastic casing of the chainsaw. They washed through the grip, under and around the trigger, and up and over the housing until the chainsaw no longer looked a thing of its own, but appeared to be merged with his arm, part and parcel to his whole body. The now hardened flesh contracted, clenching around the trigger and coaxing it to full power. Complete and deadly, Rick raised his whirring, bladed appendage to the heavens and roared. \" Die motherfucker!\" He plunged the lethal spinning blades straight into the demon's horrendous face. Pushing against the resistance of skin and bone and brain. Something within burst and a torrent of fluid's—black, red, purple, green—flooded outward from the growing wound and showered him with gore. He spat and screamed and turned his head so as not to drown in the torrential gushing of shredded and pureed demonoid gray matter. Just when it seemed the chaos would never end, Rick completed the upward arc of his attack and flung the chainsaw free from the top of the creature's head. The cranium, now fully open, split to the side as the cerebral fluid bubbled and oozed from within, washing him in yet another wave of rancid goo. The jaws went limp and Rick pushed at the slick gums, freeing himself from impalement. Rolling free of the trap of teeth, he jumped unsteadily to his feet, holes in his abdomen gushing blood, and ran down the length of the outstretched carcass until he saw the spouting wound from the shotgun blast. \"Mia!\" he shouted. \"Curl up as tight as you can! I've got to cut you out!\" He revved the chainsaw and began the cut with all the surgical precision of a one-armed man on an acid trip. Cutting no deeper than a few inches for fear of slicing into Mia, he drew the spinning blades down the trunk a length of about five feet, praying ever second that she was still alive. The pressure from within bowed the flesh, and the incision split as it was made, pouring out a torrent of mud and blood and other fluids the likes of which Rick did not even want to know. His only hope was that the creature's digestive processes—if it even had them—had not begun to disintegrate the only person left in the world that he cared for. After a split moment of breathless horror, Mia's blood-stained body rolled from the gash like a full grown baby from a mutant womb-coughing, vomiting all manner of visceral matter and steaming in the hot sauna of various juices. When the ejecta from her mouth finally came out clear, she managed to look up at Rick and say, \"What the fuck took you so long?\" Rick's knees buckled, his legs became jelly and he fell into the bloody muck, bellowing laughter into the sky. The chainsaw fell beside him, still as a sleeping lion. His right hand was normal and complete as though it had never changed, and he used it to clutch his wounded stomach, holding the entrails inside as his agonized muscles slowly mended. Mia looked down at the life still leaking out of him and her tone immediately softened. \"Oh my God. Rick!\" \"It's okay,\" he said breathlessly through his panting laughter. \"I'll be fine. I just can't believe it. I can't goddamn believe it !\" He fell onto his side and stared up at the stars. It looked like a vast black wall, backlight with shimmering fire. Every heavenly body from Orion to Cassiopeia burned brighter than he'd ever seen. \"I'm sorry,\" he said. \"I just need a minute. Are you okay?\" Silence. \"Mia?\" When there was again no reply, he pushed onto his knees and find her standing there, coated in candy apple red and dripping horrendously. In his worst nightmares she was still an angel to him if he ever saw one. An angel of death, perhaps, but an angel just the same. Her head was down and drenched matted hair obscured her face. She was holding the chainsaw. A weight suddenly found his chest, settling upon his lungs. \"Mia, what's wrong?\" He raised up slowly onto his knees and swallowed hard to clear the stone that had grown suddenly in his throat. With one scarlet drenched hand he reached out. \"Sweetie, what is it?\" It wasn't Mia that looked up with blazing black orbs instead of eyes. It wasn't Mia that shrieked like a banshee straight from the Gaelic shores. It was not Mia that pulled the starter cord on the chainsaw and raised it high overhead. Rick knew this, but he screamed her name as the demon beast from Hell brought the spinning teeth down upon him. Rick's supplications to Mia's lost mind floundered in a gurgling fountain of blood as he folded under the screaming teeth of the chainsaw blade that burrowed like a rabid beast into his core.[Chapter 16] Can't believe it's come this far. Just one more chapter to go after this one. I took a little longer than I had wanted to but once this thing got going I knew I couldn't turn back, and the wonderful, positive comments kept me going when nothing else would. I just tried to keep the faith that somebody out there wanted to see how this was going to turn out as much as I did. I have no idea how many people have stayed with it but I hope everybody at least comes back to see how it ends. Chapter 16 In the deep forest, the night—and the screams of the damned. Rick on his knees, bleeding. Dying. His arms, pulsing in agony and growing weaker with every moment, reached out to Mia. He grasped her by the arms, tried to keep her at a distance, and put everything he had into halting the implement's advance into his chest or it would be quite like putting his heart in a blender. He had not the strength to hold her away indefinitely or the will to destroy her, even for the sake of his own life. Kill her, Rick! the voice inside roared. It's the only way! No! I can't. Do it or you'll die you stupid fuck! Do it or you'll die! Teeth-wrecking rumbles shook him and a terrible burning smell filled his nostrils—an awful, meaty , burning smell. The odd wailing cacophony was the chainsaw scraping through the bone of his ribs, scooping him out in tattered shreds like an excavator. The bars of his cage snapped and gave way, loud as gunshots, and he felt deep inside a great cold seeping through. \"Mia!\" he sputtered, blood gushing through the dark holes in the mask. \"Please…stop.\" He didn't know if she could hear him, if there was any peace of her still there. Even if it was over, even if she killed him and feasted on his rotting guts, he just wanted her to hear. Her blood-slicked arms slipped through his fingers. She pulled away and lashed at him with the saw, tearing wide, weeping lacerations into his arms, his neck, his stomach. Everywhere there was flesh, she attacked. The last bit of strength syphoned from his body into the nether as he leaned back, head tilted toward the blood-spitting sky. \"Please God,\" he muttered. If ever there was a time when he believed, when he wanted to believe, when he needed something to assure he was more than an insignificant spec in the vast vault of pointless time and space, it was now. He wanted to believe all their sacrifice was not in vain, needed to believe that there was something more. Something—a greater chasm—a crack in the stars through which the human mind may peek. Don't waste your time, the voice chided as Rick grew ever more faint, his consciousness slowly breaking apart and drifting away into the nether. You want something done you've got to look elsewhere. If you're looking to beg, you look to me. You owe me, you little shit. Pin points of light flared deep within the abysmal depths of his eyes, the brilliant red of a fiery universe unseen by living eyes. The light grew to beacon brightness, bursting from his skull in luminesce high beams that merged with the light of the flames from the still-burning cabin. A flash of weary flesh and Mia was in his arms, the chainsaw growling and breathing hot exhaust between them. Rick—or rather that which controlled him—grabbed it and flung the screaming weapon away where it sputtered and died in the seeping mud. The demon spirit kicked and screamed and gnashed its teeth in a violent paroxysm of rage, twisting furiously in an attempt to break away from Rick's grip. \"You will suffer!\" it spat. \"We will strip the flesh from your bones and feast on the filth of your guts! We will spread blood and corruption!\" It went silent suddenly as the light from Rick's eyes penetrated its gaze and overpowered the demon consciousness. Mia's body slowed, grew heavy, and soon the thrashing stopped as she became calm and still, slumping like a ragdoll in his arms. I'm only gonna say it once, you try-hard demon cocksucker. Get out and go the fuck back to wherever you came from. This is my realm, and if I see an ugly mug like yours again, I'll kick the everlasting shit out of every last one of you and send you screaming into the void. Mia's face began to change under the emanating light. The ridges that gnarled her brow softened and smoothed. The sharp, protruding cheekbones sunk and the satin black drained from her eyes. All at once, almost as quickly as she had been possessed, she was herself again and her conscious mind returned in a sobering rush. Everything around them changed, as if reality was shifting back to its original state. The blood deluge ceased all at once, and overhead the supernal veil of storm clouds twisted into a swirling vortex and shot upward, disappearing into oblivion. The stars returned, the sky clear and visible once again. The stripped naked trees cried scarlet tears all around them. Mia whispered. \"Rick?\" She stared at his ruined body, open and seeping his life's fluid. His grip loosened and his body spasmed. A death rattle escaped his chest as his body collapsed back into the mud and then every part of him was still. \"Rick! Rick! \" she screamed. Get up, damn you! Move! Do something! The thoughts bolted through her head as she climbed atop him and gripped the sides of the mask. She pressed her clammy forehead against the slick surface and planted soft, delicate kisses upon its face. \"Please,\" she cried, her glistening tears falling into the dark, cavernous eyeholes. \"Please wake up. I'm so sorry. I need you to wake up.\" When her plaintive pleas elicited no response, her pained whimpers climbed in height and power to an aching wail. She struck the sides of the mask hard with open palms. Left, right, again and again, screaming. All the time screaming. \" Wake up! Goddamn you!\" With closed fists she dropped blows upon his shoulders. They bounced off like love taps in a splatter of blood. Her strength was nearly spent. Exhausted, she slid down into the mud and surveyed the damage that had been done, reeling in terror at how she had been able to hurt such a being so utterly . The pain was sharpened and reinforced by the certainty within her that if he'd so chosen, he could have snapped her spine like a wishbone. He could have stopped her, could have destroyed her, but he allowed her to destroy him. She could see his heart through what remained of his ribs. She had never seen inside him so completely, and it was not the way she wanted. The chasm of devastated flesh was so wide, the cavern of his chest so great, nearly the entirety of her arms could slip inside. There was a time when she carried the thought of such a thing, wrapped and hidden away deep within. After he had left, when she was scoring her hits alone, she imagined tracking him down and opening him up like a horologist with a broken timepiece, tinkering about in his mysteries, fixing the pieces that had broken and realigning the gears and pinions that had run off their axes. It was a time when she wouldn't have cared if she hurt him, because he had hurt her. She expected secrets and guilt, perversions and untold truths, but this was flesh and bone and blood, and it was killing him. Without thought or hesitation, she shoved her hands into his chest and wrapped them around the mass of muscle, squeezing with all of her might, forcing his blood to move, to slosh from atrium to ventricle. When the mass proved too thick to be coaxed to life by her weakened grip, she wound back and began raining punches down upon it. Each blow was like striking a cow's hide, with a resounding, wet thwack! thwack! thwack! \"Wake up, you fucking asshole! Wake up! Please, Rick, wake up…\" Thwack! \"Wake up! Don't leave me here!\" In one final effort, the only one she had left, she lifted her fists intertwined her fingers and brought them down as hard as she could. The heart beat so hard it stung her hands numb. As if shocked by electric current, she fell back from Rick as his body jerked spasmodically, limbs clenching, fingers opening and closing on the cold air. His back arched as he curled up out of the mud, contorting horrifically. She looked closer and saw his internal organs moving, pulsing rhythmically. His wounds began to heal before her eyes, the flesh merging at the extremities like zippers on a duffel. And his body was changing. The extreme appearance of muscle softened as the tissue itself become smaller. Striations and veins disappeared as his bones popped, growing smaller with each passing second. He was transforming. The power of the mask was leaving him. Within moments he was whole and had returned to his normal body, laying limp in the crater of his previous form. Raw looking scar tissue adorned his flesh like massive, shiny stitches, remnants of those wounds which had nearly brought him into death's grip. The mask had shrunk in size along with his skull. As his head slumped to the side, it fell from his face into the mud, lifeless and silent. \"Rick?\" Mia took him in his arms and cradled his head against her. She listened to his shallow breath and cried with relief. She put her palm upon his chest and laughed as she felt the rhythmic beat of life within. His ribs rose and fell slowly, his pulse growing stronger with every beat. \"Don't ever do that to me again,\" she said. He wrapped his hand around hers. His eyes opened. \"I don't intend to.\" \" Don't.\" \"You too?\" \"Yeah,\" she sniffled. \"Me too.\" \"New rule?\" \"Yeah.\" \"Good.\" She smiled. \"Can no more demons be another one?\" He nodded. \"And chainsaws.\" \"I love you,\" she said. \"I love you, too.\" \"You went through Hell for me.\" \"Always told you I would.\" \"I wouldn't want to suffer with anyone else,\" she told him. He sat up and enveloped her in his arms. Behind them, the creature was nearly gone—flesh melted, its girth of innards liquefied and draining into the earth. In an hour there would be no trace save a trench of residual goo. The cabin had burnt away to a smoldering husk. The roof gave in with a crack and split down the middle. The outer walls, blackened and gutted, buckled and collapsed and that was that. No more rusted pipes, no more peeling paint or molding plaster. Only memories. From the wreckage, tiny glowing embers flittered into the sky and joined with the stars like fireflies dizzy in the dead of night.[Chapter 17] Chapter 17 If there is a hell, I will see you there. - Nine Inch Nails, Heresy They left the clearing and put its charred, crumbling remains at their backs for good. Slowly, hand in hand. To each a heartbeat in the other's palm. Following the road, they walked toward the morning as faint grey dawn bleached the horizon. The path curved and swayed like their thoughts and with every forward step they picked up a little more uncertainty and a lot more regret. \"Our friends,\" she said. \"I know.\" \"Our family .\" \"I know.\" \"What are we going to do?\" That he did not know. Rather than reveal his uncertainty, he forced a sympathetic smile. \"We'll figure it out,\" he said, and put his arm around her shoulders. He was struck by a sudden discomfort. It seeped in deeply and suffused his thoughts like a rolling fog. Not one of demons or death or anything like what they had survived—not even the fear that no one would ever believe such events had transpired—but a deep sense of foreboding at the thought of going back to civilization, back to a world he had hardly understood before and was sure he would never understand now. It was a fear he had known all too well throughout his life, further crystallized by the sudden knowledge that even if they returned, they could never go back. When Mia spoke, he knew she was thinking the same. \"I'm scared to go back,\" she said softly. \"I'm scared, too.\" \"I just keep thinking about it. I don't know why.\" \"We don't know what else is out there, what other secrets like the ones we know now. Everything's different. Even if we never see anything like this again. Everything has changed, and the light is just as frightening as the dark.\" \"At least we have one secret of our own.\" The mask was stuck in Rick's belt, quiet as the grave since he'd awakened from the edge of death. For all the time he'd craved escape from the artifact and the ancient intelligence within, he couldn't imagine leaving it at the remains of the house. It had saved his life and given him what he needed to save Mia's. In its silence, he could not summon the hatred he once harbored for its boorish inhabitant. He looked down at it sadly and ran his fingers over its smoothness. \"I'm not so sure,\" he said. \"What's it saying?\" \"Nothing.\" He looked back to the road and sent a thought to the spirit of the mask, wherever it was. Something he never thought he would say to it. Thank you. XXXXX Night bled slowly into day like a flesh wound. It was nearly full light when they reached Rick's motorcycle where it lay abandoned in the mud. They were a few minutes pulling it loose and clearing the exhaust and when it was suitable to ride they hopped on and started it in a few kicks. \"Ready?\" he asked. She nodded and wrapped her arms around him. \"Here we go.\" He never exceeded thirty-five, but Mia held to him tightly as if here were breaking every law on the books. As if she never planned on letting go. In a dizzying, dream-like way, it felt as though they were riding back from the edge of the world. They stopped at the creek and palmed the freezing water over their faces and arms, washing away as much of the blood from their skin as the shivers would allow. They huddled close, exchanging what warmth and comfort they could offer. They drank from their hands and savored the shocking chill as it ran down to their bellies. He ladled the water over her shoulders and wiped away the red. When they were finished he looked around in awe. The trees on both sides were marked high with the stain of the water. It could only have been down a couple of hours. Rick cleared crusted blood from the corners of Mia's eyes and held her face in his hands. She warmed her icy fingers on his arms and smiled. \"Come on,\" he said. \"Let's go.\" They rode on, comforted by the smooth rumble of the engine as it lulled them with a song of vibration, perhaps its swan song for all Rick cared. As long as it carried them to safety, it could die with a purpose and he would remember it forever. He reveled as the cold of Mia's face and chest turned to warmth against his back. They never discussed a story, but Rick's mind worked in fevered circles for something to tell whomever might be unlucky enough to be the first person they came across. They had to get all the way back to the city and whatever was left in the tank would not get them there. The dirt roads turned to asphalt as the dense woods fell away from either side. Ten minutes onto the main road, they were within sight of a gas station when he felt Mia's hands begin to slide. \"Mia, sweetie,\" he said over the thrum of the engine. \"Don't fall asleep. Wake up.\" He eased the throttle and grabbed her hands when the massive blare of a truck horn nearly stopped their hearts. Mia jumped and squeezed him so hard he feared his ribs might collapse. He jerked the handlebars and Mia's scream of surprise hit his ears as they careened off the road into a stand of bushes. An old man and woman came rushing out of the station to see if the young shirtless man and his passenger were all right, only to find them unconscious on the ground, white as ghosts and streaked with faint lines of red. XXXXX Rick dreamed. An endless, labyrinthine highway of dreams rushing by at high speed. It seemed like days or weeks could have passed as his mind surfaced every now and then from a deep swamp of horrific monstrosities that tugged ceaselessly at the crenellations of his brain, seeking to return him to the bog. Just so often he might rise to some degree of sensory awareness, almost feeling the dry, heavy air in his lungs or the scratchy sheets upon his legs, then he was pulled back down once again into the murky depths. Drifting through coiling, tenebrous corridors of shadow at dizzying speed, choking on a noxious haze of terror from the darkest corners of his mind. Then lost in a dark woodland, fleeing hidden predators that drooled in the brush. When he ran, it was like trying to trudge through thick mud. His body ached with the effort but would not move beyond a snail's pace. In one of his dreams, Mia was floating in an ocean of roiling blood against a backdrop of darkness. Above and behind and all around, darkness, complete and impenetrable. She was screaming his name, floundering in the endless deep of oddly glowing red. It bubbled out of her mouth and washed over her pallid cheeks. It crashed over her in great fulminating waves. Her head dipped below the surface and reappeared choking and crying before disappearing again. An echo of cutting words. You said you'd follow me into Hell. After that he saw a face. David's face, striped with lacerations and coated in a sheen of vermilion, saying words David wouldn't say in a voice that was not his own. Kunda astratta Dry, turning pages of an ancient, evil text… His vision came to at one point, though he was barely conscious. He could see but not move, and struggled just to draw breath. He was in a room, sterile and grey with heavy drapes upon the windows and machines dripping crystal fluid through clear tendrils. Vague outlines blurred around him and focused occasionally—figures both safe and disturbing. A man in a white lab coat and another in a tan uniform. \"Any idea where they came from, Sheriff?\" \"Their addresses are listed in the city. The old couple who called about them said they know the girl. Her family used to come up this way in the summer. They said she rode through with a group a few days ago, headed toward the hills.\" I've seen them—shadows in the woods…it's only a matter of time before they come for me. Voices fading in and out. People he didn't know. Not the voices he cared about. \"Has he come around yet?\" \"No, sir. Not enough to talk, anyway. The girl woke up for a while, but she was delirious. Mumbling nonsense. If they were caught out there during that storm, God only knows what happened. They're both in pretty bad shape from exposure alone.\" \"Anything else?\" \"Yeah. The girl's bloodwork came back positive for opiates.\" \"Figured as much. I saw the tracks on her arms. A needle-freak junkie, just what I need. What about him?\" A flutter of paper, click of a pen. \"Nothing. White blood cell count was a little high and he's borderline anemic, but other than that he's clean as a whistle.\" \"Well, it looks like something did a number on 'em. Girl's all cut to hell, but this'n don't look too worse for wear. I sent a couple of deputies up that way to have a look around. The girl's last name came up in county records. Her family owned some land out in the woods, but it's been foreclosed for about a year now. Probably had a cabin up there. Tell you the truth, doc, this whole thing stinks to me. I'm going to station a deputy outside to keep an eye on this one. You let me know if anything happens, and I mean if he farts in his sleep or if there's a single beep there shouldn't be, understand?\" \"If he wakes up, you'll be the first to know, Sheriff.\" Back into the darkness he went, and gladly. Just a few moments knowing what reality awaited him was enough to remind him how exhausted he was, and he welcomed the arms of sleep warmly, as a friend and bastion. After a static expanse of time—he didn't know how long—the voices returned, once again exhuming his vanquished mind from the grave of sleep. Bullets of sweat formed on his brow as the conversation turned severe. \"…don't even know what to make of it, Sheriff. Bodies all burned up in that cabin. Just a bunch of ash and bones. Found a Jeep run off the road and a Chevy Tahoe with no battery. Looks like they hauled out of there with nothing but the bike and the seat of their pants.\" \"The girl wasn't wearing no pants.\" \"It's just an expression, Sheriff.\" \"Goddam it, Eddie. What else you find up there?\" \"Well, most of the cabin fell into the ground, but we found a couple of things that survived the fire. It's gonna take days to sift through it all but we've got a tape recorder that was saved by the mud and some kind of book that looks like nothing I ever saw. I just got off the phone with Darlene. She said Tully radioed down about an hour ago with more weird stuff. He found a box of tape reels for the recorder and some notebooks stashed in the toolshed.\" \"I'll have a look at it when I get back to the station. This is getting more interesting by the minute.\" Silence after that. Silence and the beeps of electronic gadgetry and the squeak of sensible footwear on linoleum until great peels of thunder split the stillness and shook dust into the air. Radio silence broke and tinny, distant voices drifted through the airwaves. \"All units…all units…respond…anyone.\" \"Copy that, Darlene. What the hell's going on out there? Eddie just radioed about a psycho gone nuts outside the S-Mart. Tully's with him but I can't get a hold of Kaz or Tommy.\" \"Everyone…whole town…gone crazy…Sheriff wants…at the station now!\" \"I'm supposed to be watching over this—\" \"Now, goddamn it! Now! Oh Jesus…Tommy!\" The rest was one long squeal, and nearly imperceptible in the background—the sound of feverish, maniacal laughter. \"Darlene. Darlene! Come in! What happened to Tommy?\" A blast of snow and then the radio went dead. Rick dreamed of opening his eyes and seeing swirls of charcoal clouds aligning in a stormy spiral outside the window. He heard the crumbling of the world and wondered if he would fall away with it. Crumble and fall and never wake up again. XXXXX Wakey wakey, Ricky boy. Rick…get up you stupid asshole. That taste for blood set in yet? It's time to play. You're not going to want to miss this. He lay still for moments until the sound of Mia screaming. Rick! He came to life with a full body kick and laid sweating, letting the cool air wick the heat from his burning skin and waiting to see if he had truly returned to reality or just another nightmare in the long line of phantom horrors that assailed his dream state. Breathe, he told himself, taking in heaps of stale air to oxygenate his blood and clear his foggy head. His stomach ached with that dull burn that made him feel like his insides had shriveled and were all stuck together tightly, as though it had been too long since anything had passed through. How long have I been out? he wondered. Where's Mia? Is she in jail? Dead? Another quick clap of thunder and he looked out at the storm brewing in the sky— Not good, he thought, but didn't fully understand why—and swung his legs out of bed, lowering his feet onto the floor. Shit, that's cold . He took another moment to breathe and collect his thoughts. Slight, quivering waves of vertigo and nausea rolled through him. He put hands to the bed on both sides to steady himself, shivering as the chill caressed his bare back through the ties of his gown. Easy now, that's it. In and out. Wait. Calibrate. That's better. Outside, far off treetops curved under the force of a strident wind. He could hear it howling through the window. Tiny droplets on the glass. Swirling storm clouds moving faster. Definitely not good. Aside from himself and the bed, the only other furnishings of his room seemed to be the IV machine and a lone visitor's chair along one wall. Pretty drab, not even a painting. There was a large clear bag in the corner that appeared at a distance to hold his shoes and pants. Time to get to it. Carefully, he stripped the medical tape from around the drip in his arm—tough work with one hand. He finally pulled the line from his vein and tried not to wince at the stray line of blood that ran down his arm. The sight of red again, even a little, made him clench in anticipation of great pain. PTSD , he thought. I could be really fucked up…well, more than ever, anyway. In a drawer he found gauze and tape to cover the vein and when he was done he opened the bag with his clothes. His shoes, cleared of mud in the river, were now dry and sitting on top. Beneath was a complimentary shirt and pair of socks—all hospital wear, but he was hardly in a position to complain about style. His jeans, though ragged and torn, appeared to have been laundered, but the greatest gift of all was tucked neatly between the folded layers of denim. Rick pulled the mask free from the bag and turned it in the cold, gray twilight. \"You there?\" Rick spoke into thin air, but thin air did not speak back. More saddened than he thought he should be, he set the object aside and put on his jeans. They were baggy and loose and his belt fastened through a previously unused eyelet. A combination of being stretched by his larger form and being ravenously hungry in his diminished one. He grabbed his watch from the bottom of the bag and checked the date. Nearly three days he'd been out. Astonishingly not the longest time he'd ever lost, but to him the most important. What had happened? Mia almost certainly had to be in the hospital, even if they had locked her away in the psych ward. Anywhere else was not only unlikely, but unthinkable. With nothing left to do but venture out, Rick checked himself one last time before grabbing the mask and opening the door to meet whatever awaited him next. The lights were out all throughout the hallway. He peered out carefully, scanning the layout before stepping into the deserted corridor. It struck him first and at once how eerily silent it was. Even the electronic hum of the air vents was absent. Darker than his room and getting darker with the setting sun. He let his eyes adjust and spied what looked to be an overturned gurney at the end of the hall. Scattered papers on the ground closer than that. With each new detail his eyes beheld, the sinking feeling sunk ever lower. Something profoundly bad had gone down. He felt it in his bones. Shuffling forward slowly, he peered through each doorframe he passed to find naught but empty room upon empty room. Then at the end of the hall… Perhaps in his convalescence he had been placed in some far, isolated wing of the facility, relatively untouched by whatever chaos had befallen the place and, in all probability, the whole town. While his hallway and room had escaped some meteoric rise of violence, turning into the next hall was like stepping into the aftermath of a warzone. Spent shell casings littered the ground at his feet, scattering like a flurry of tiny, tinkling beetles as he waded through the scene of carnage. Reams of paper, charts, files, all strewn about as if scattered by a great wind. Dark graffiti, tinged with a muddled, metallic aroma splotched the walls in swatches, stripes and coils. Rick didn't need light to know it was blood, sticky and coagulated, that grotesquely decorated the corridor in unreadable ciphers. Rick ventured on, vulnerable and frightened that rather than finding Mia in any sort of shape, he might not find her at all. With about as much faith as he had brains, he crept slowly further down the dark passage. Might as well be wearing tap shoes and singing zippity-doo-da for all the good it'll do. I'm dead meat. And so he went on with his grim thoughts until he poked his head into a supply closet looking for a weapon or flashlight and was met with the barrel of a Beretta .9-millimeter between his eyes. \"Move and I'll blow your brains out,\" came a voice from the dark, gruff and stern. \"You've got one chance to prove you're not one of those psychos.\" Put on the spot, Rick's throat suddenly came up dry as a bucket from a dead well. In a croak, he pushed out the only thing he could think to say, more matter of fact than a plea for lenience. \"They're not psychos.\" \"Back up.\" Rick stepped back into the hallway. The barrel of the deputy's pistol stayed glued to his forehead the entire time. It was a fairly young man, perhaps a little older than Rick. His eyes were sharp, calibrated. The eyes of a man in kill-mode. Rick forced a hard lump down his throat as the cold muzzle grew warmer against his skin. \"What's in your hand?\" \"It's…uh…\" \"Drop it.\" Without protest, Rick opened his hand and the mask clattered to the floor, clackety-clacking against the linoleum. The deputy looked down at Rick's blue medical scrub that was rapidly soiling with sweat and his look softened. Rick imagined it was possible he looked like a strung out nurse or even surgeon, a confused survivor of whatever calamity had occurred. \"I'm not a nurse,\" he said, quelling any possible assumptions. \"I woke up in one of the rooms. I've been out for a few days.\" The deputy, whose nametag read E. Holleran, scanned Rick with narrowed eyes. \"You've been…you don't know what happened?\" \"No, sir.\" Deputy Holleran lowered his pistol. \"Lucky son of a bitch, you are.\" He put his back against the wall and ran a hand through tussled hair. \"We get a call last night about some crazy with an axe outside the hardware store and…he was sick or something, not right…and his face was all…never seen nothing like it. It took I-don't-know how many rounds and the damn twelve-gauge to put him down. And he got Tully—bit him. Took half his damn face almost clean off. Right down to the bone. I told Dina I'd stay with him. She didn't know how bad it was or she would've…shit! I should've had her stay here, I could have watched out for her.\" He paused for a moment and took a breath. \"Anyway,\" he continued, \"next time I radioed the station I could raise anybody. It was just…dead. I didn't want to leave Tully but I had to know what was going on. I was set to leave a little after midnight and people just started pouring in. It was the damnedest thing I ever saw. Stab wounds and burn wounds and people missing their goddamn limbs and…and blood everywhere. Looked like folks out of a damn warzone. And then…oh Jesus, it was like a nightmare exploded into real life, you know? People crowding all around me telling me shit I can't even repeat—their sons and daughters and husbands all going crazy and turning on them. I tried to calm them down but everybody was so—yelling and screaming—I thought they were ready to tear me apart if I didn't do something. Then I started hearing more screaming, but different you know? Like mauled by a bear kind of screaming. It was one of the nurses. One of the…one of the patients had…had popped one of her eyes right out. The nurse, you know? She came running down the hall, blood just gushing everywhere. Everybody starting running. After that…I don't know. It's all been a blur.\" He looked down at his bloodstained uniform. \"I killed people I've known for years. Except they weren't people anymore. Miss Jaspers, I got a raccoon out of her crawlspace just this summer, brought her firewood for her stove every winter for years. She said she was gonna bite my dick off when she tried to stab me with a scalpel.\" Rick had nothing helpful or consolatory to say to offer the man except his condolences. \"I'm sorry,\" he said and picked up the mask. The deputy, lost in his own personal Hell, did not seem to notice. \"I know you've been through a lot, but I'm looking for the girl I was brought in with.\" \"Well how the hell am I—\" \"She's small. Kind of dark, red hair.\" Rick left it at that, omitting the description of every inch he had yet discovered on her body, which he could detail in picturesque clarity. \"I have to know where she was taken. I'm not going anywhere without her.\" \"Christ, man, I don't...have you looked around? How could she even still be alive?\" Rick didn't miss a beat. \" We are,\" he said with icy calm, \"and she's as strong as either one of us. You do what you have to, sir, but I've got to find her.\" The deputy looked down, apparently slipping back into his pit of awful memories. \"I knew it. I had a bad feeling the minute that stuff came into the station. I could feel it in my bones. And those words. Those words on that tape. When they played that damn thing I knew nothing good could come of it. Tommy gave me so much shit about it. I felt stupid. Doesn't seem so stupid to think now.\" Tape . The word echoed in the chamber of Rick's mind. The recording. A slew of fragmentary sounds and images rushed to the forefront of his consciousness. The conversations before his comatose body over the last days came back to him all at once. \"Deputy,\" he said, \"I need to know what else you brought out of those woods. There was a book and a recording, and something else. Something somebody found in the tool shed.\" Holleran searched his memory for something so seemingly meaningless and drudged up what he could. \"Yeah, uh, some notebooks and loose papers and stuff, and, uh, another reel or two for that goddamn cursed thing.\" \"Where are they?\" \"At the station, everything was checked in as evidence of…\" Holleran looked up with wide eyes. \"Hey, did you have anything to do with what happened up there in those woods?\" Rick saw Holleran begin to raise his gun again and spoke quickly to assuage him. \"Yes, but I didn't hurt anybody. I didn't do anything wrong. We found the book up there. Somebody had wrapped it all up but we had no idea what it was. One of my friends played the recording and everything went to hell, just like it did here.\" \"How did you survive?\" \"I don't know. Same way you have, I guess.\" \"And those burnt up bodies out there?\" \"Like the things here. Some of them were my friends. Look, I don't know much more than you about all this shit, but if there was something else related to that recording, I've got to see it. I know what that book and those words can do. There might—if we're extremely lucky—there might be something in those notes that can reverse this thing.\" The deputy looked defeated. \"That really all you got?\" \"Honestly, the only other thing I can think of involves carpet bombing this whole fucking town, and I don't think we can do that. So let's find my girlfriend, get the fuck out of here, and see if we can put an end to this thing or die trying.\" The deputy stood up and checked the magazine in his pistol. \"Alright,\" he said, \"only because I can't think of anything better. Take this.\" He reached inside the doorway to the medical closet and pulled out a long red fire axe with a rubber grip. Rick gladly took it. \"We'll look for your girl, but if she's not in the first few hallways, I'm getting the hell out…of…Dodge.\" Holleran's voice trailed off as he turned his head and looked down the hallway at something that had caught the corner of his eye. Rick turned as well. \"Help me.\" A spindly, dark figure stood in the hall, shaking and clad in only a torn hospital gown and nothing more. She must have approached without them knowing. She was bony and haggard, a skeleton in flesh colored burlap. Her hair was black and disheveled with the shine of crude oil. \"Is that your girl?\" Holleran asked. Rick shook his head. \"No.\" Holleran stepped forward, one arm out to help and gun hand at his side. \"Ma'am,\" he said in a soothing tone. \"It's okay. We're going to get you out of here.\" Rick didn't like it. \"Deputy,\" he said, his tone implying the need for caution. Holleran heard the warning and shrugged it off. \"For Christ's sake, look at her. She's not one of those things.\" \"Be careful.\" The deputy another step but Rick stayed where he was. \"I'm so scared,\" the woman mourned. \"Everybody's dead.\" \"It's all right,\" Holleran consoled her. He holstered his pistol and raised his hands to show he meant no harm. \"You're safe now.\" The woman began to whine like a frightened dog, but the whine crumbled into a low-pitched growl and Rick realized in horror the trap had sprung. \"Get away from her!\" The woman, or thing, or whatever it was grabbed Holleran and sunk its teeth deep into the side of his head. Even over the deputy's screams Rick heard the crunch of cartilage and nearly heaved from an empty stomach when the skin stretched between her lips and Holleran's head as she pulled away, ripping his ear along with a large patch of flesh from his skull. Rick felt paralyzed between the futile desire to help and the overwhelming instinct to flee like a bat out of hell. Holleran screamed until she raised a hand tipped with dark, wicked claws and sliced the meat of his throat with amazing speed and precision. A jet of blood hit the far wall and a mist of arterial spray wetted the air. Rick gripped the mask so hard his knuckles went white and he looked down at it as just now remembering it was there. Come on , damn it. Where are you? Please work . He dropped the axe and raised the mask to chest level when the entirety of Deputy Holleran's dying form slammed upon him with full force. The man's weight knocked the air from Rick's lungs and jarred his brain, taking both of them to the ground. The mask went skittering off across the slick linoleum tile, and though Rick reached out, he was trapped under the deputy's body. \"Fuck!\" he cursed, cringing at the feel of Holleran's last breaths rattling out of him as he lay bleeding on top. Blood, warm and sticky, spurted out of him onto Rick's shirt. \" So turns the worm,\" a slimy voice charged the air. Rick peeked out from behind Holleran's head and saw the demon, now fully revealed, creeping towards them. The face had changed into that which he'd come to know in the woods—gnarled and ugly and full of hatred for earthly life. The eyes were dead yet full of seething evil, portals to a world of endless agony. \"So cute, little boy. I could just eat you up.\" As the deputy's body slumped against him, the deep pain of helplessness and regret filled Rick's stomach—regret at the loss of the innocent man's life. Inside, the pain turned to righteous indignation, which then poured forth from his dry lips. In a quick and deliberate motion, Rick pulled the pistol from Holleran's belt holster with the smooth swick of metal on leather. He lined up the sights and aimed it at the demon. \"Come and get it.\" The gun jumped like a wild animal against his sweaty palm, threatening to unseat itself from his grip as the round tore into the creature's face. It hit square in the center of her jaw, fracturing the bone and sending the opposite sides popping away from her face like a pair of mandibles. Her tongue, no longer that of a human, oozed nearly a foot out of what remained of her mouth, licking at the air like a snake. Rick pulled the trigger again but instead of a follow up shot there was only a dry click followed by heart wrenching silence. He looked down and saw the smoking brass of his first shot pinched between the slide and the barrel, resembling that from which the malfunction took its namesake. Stovepipe. Shit. He had only one free hand, the other was pinned to his chest. Rather than waste time trying to free himself from the weight of the deputy's corpse, he hooked the rear sights against the thick leather of the man's belt and pushed down, jacking the jammed round out of the chamber. It jingled to the floor with a lonely chime as he raised the pistol once again. Don't limp-wrist it this time, he thought. It was too late. The demon had closed the gap. It lashed out and kicked the pistol from his hand as he fired. The round went wild into the ceiling as the gun slid away with a whisper and lay useless as the hideous face above bore down upon him. Rick closed his eyes and waited for the fatal strike that would cleave him from the mortal coil in a no doubt gruesome and painful manner. He wanted his last thought to be a prayer for Mia's life and safe passage out of this hellish place. He was concentrating on that perfect image when a thunderous boom shook his bones and something wet and fleshy hit his face. He opened his eyes and saw the creature tumbling back, hands scrabbling to hold its ribcage together, and the pink and slimy length of tongue twisting like a giant worm on his chest. Grunting in disgust, he tossed the squirming appendage away as the demon faltered and fell to the ground. Rick finally freed himself from under the late deputy's body and rolled away. Still shaking from the adrenaline dump, he let his head fall back against the cold floor in momentary relief. \"Thanks,\" he said to his rescuer before opening his eyes. She was upside down in his vision and the pump-action service shotgun she was holding obscured most of her face, but he knew her like no other. Never taking his eyes off her, he rose to his feet. XXXXX Mia tossed him the shotgun. He turned, racked the slide and put a finishing blast into the demon's face. Its head disintegrated into a smoking red smear across the tile. It twitched for a few moments and then lay still. She ran into him so hard it nearly took him off his feet again. He wrapped his arms around her, shotgun and all, and let her enfold him like a warm bath. \"Where have you been?\" she asked. He pushed a stray tendril of hair behind her ear. \"Dreaming of you.\" \"Well wake up.\" He let her go and gave her the shotgun before retrieving the pistol and mask. He slid the pistol into the waistband of his jeans but held onto the mask. \"I wish we could,\" he said. \"But this is looking like a brand new nightmare.\" \"What happened? I thought we stopped it in the woods.\" He looked dour. \"So did I.\" \"Is it like this everywhere? All over the…world?\" \"I don't think so. Not yet, at least. I heard talking in my sleep. They have the book and the recorder. I think we both know what happened.\" \"What are we supposed to do? We barely survived that night. Even if we make it out of town, where do we go?\" \"Nowhere. We stay here.\" She looked at him as though he was insane, which in a way, perhaps he was. \"What?\" \"Mia, there was more of that stuff up there. Whoever is on that recording, he stashed it in the tool shed. Notes, something that could help us. There's another tape reel. Maybe there's something on it that can reverse this thing.\" \"If there was, don't you think he would have used it?\" \"Not if he didn't know what he had, or if he didn't translate it properly or was killed before he could do it. Maybe it's another incantation or maybe it's not, but we have to find out. It's all we've got. Like you said, where the hell can we go? Home? Sit back and wait for the end of the world to come to the door? I want to spend as much time as I've got left with you but I don't want to go out like that. Our best chance is to find the police station. If the stuff isn't there, at least there might be some survivors.\" Mia thought about his words and never wanted anything more in the world than to run with him someplace far away, but she didn't want it to be in the apocalypse—not if there was even a chance in Hell they could prevent it. She looked down at the mask in his hand. \"Are you going to...you know?\" \"I don't know,\" he said with sorrow. \"I don't even know if it will work. I haven't tried, but…I still can't hear it.\" \"Is it dead?\" \"I have no idea, but I have to be careful with this thing. You saw what it did to me. If it was to ever get full control, I don't know what would happen. I'll try it, but only if we absolutely have to.\" Mia nodded and a slight smile curled her lips. \"When I was hiding during all the screaming and shooting, I had this thought in my mind of you taking on whatever was out here, like some kind of superhero or something.\" He looked into her eyes. \"This mask doesn't mean anything. I'm at my strongest when I'm with you.\" They embraced one another again in the darkness and silence. Once they set foot upon their path, there was no telling if or when they would have another chance. \"So what's next?\" Mia asked. \"Wait,\" Rick said. He looked up quickly and cocked his head like a hound in a field. \"What's that?\" \"What?\" Mia asked, but then heard it as well. Whispers. Rustles. Footsteps—some staggering, some dragging, but all growing louder. \"Damn it,\" Rick cursed. \" No! \" A lean shadow appeared at one end of the hall, creeping and jerking along. Even in the low light Rick could see the torn hospital gown doused with vermilion. Soon another appeared behind it, trailing the first out into the hall. Rick could already hear the whispering sibilance of their dead—or undead—shuffling flesh. They turned to run but found three more barring the other end of the corridor, leaned forward with haunches raised like wolves converging on wounded meat. \"Rick.\" Mia said. \"How many shells do you have?\" he asked. \"I don't know, just what's left in the gun.\" Fuck, Rick cursed. He cursed the luck, the world, the stars, anything he could think of to deflect his despair. \"What about the pistol?\" Rick ejected the magazine and quickly checked. Seven rounds. \"Not enough,\" he said, seating the mag back in place. \"Enough for the two of us?\" He didn't answer. He couldn't . But refusing to think that way didn't change the terror of their immediate future and probable demise. They were trapped in a world of demons and doomed to fall prey to the depredations of the damned. Unless… \"Uh,\" Mia croaked, \"I think it's time.\" The demon-possessed husks shuffled closer. From front and behind. They were all around. Rick looked into the mask. Come on, damn you. \"Rick!\" Mia cried. Suddenly, the inside surface began to darken as if swallowing the light. It fell away into a nebulous nowhere that was as black as pitch and emitted an odd, dead light that defied description. Rick's gaze went beyond the mask, into another realm. The other's realm. I know you're still in there, he thought. So wake the hell up you wuss, it's time to play. \"I love you so much,\" he said to Mia. \"I love you too.\" \"I never wanted to hurt you.\" \"I know.\" \"No matter what happens to me…just make it out of here.\" \"You'll be fine as long as—\" Mia didn't have the chance to finish as Rick spun her around. As the demons closed in and a long, black claw scraped his arm, Rick looked Mia in the eyes. \"Forgive me,\" he said, and shoved the mask onto her face. THE END It's been so long Long hard days They don't say Gods change my ways Change my ways Those evil ways So I set out Cross that way Strike them down To make them pay Change their ways Their evil ways But I can't hide Oooooo And I won't hide Oooooo My Evil Ways. I found out The hate grow cool The god rise up Damn my soul Cause I ain't change Change my ways I ain't change So I won't hide Ooooo I won't hide Oooooo I can't hide Ooooooo I can't hide My evil ways Blues Saraceno – Evil Ways XXXXX Man, I can't believe I made it to the end of this journey. Putting your work out there can be such a scary thing and there were times when I wondered if all the hours and effort was worth it, but every favorite and comment propelled me forward and I sincerely hope everybody enjoyed the story. It might not be the story some people were expecting or the story some people wanted, but I hope you found something enjoyable just the same. And even if you hated it, I have to thank you for taking the time to give a talentless hack like me a chance. Writing, especially in the world of fiction, is a sometimes arduous, often rewardless task we take on out of love, so for taking the time to see what I have to offer I cannot begin to show how much gratitude I have. Thank you all so much, from the very bottom of my heart. I'm still trudging on, trying to become a published author one day, but I hope that any readers that enjoy my writing check my profile from time to time because I'm still self-publishing on Amazon and I do free promotions every now and then. I try to keep the links updated on my profile page so if you feel so inclined, check it out sometime. I want to give special shout-outs to everybody who followed, favorited, or messaged me during the long and difficult time I spent writing this story. 2ndsly AhlizEvilDead AshJWilliams123 CosmicLoathe Luna loves u Oberon Sexton SoNotYourAverageGirl SpringBorn Yestergwermster bittersweetangel0128 elizabethrenee24 novelmind sobreyra274 whatdafuckdandy Laurie Jupiter iCantdanceperiod Kira Tsumi HystericalConfession Audrey de Lune And the guests who took the time to comment. I went through all my lists and messages so I hope I didn't leave anyone out. You guys really gave me what I needed to finish this thing. So I guess that's it. On to bigger and better things and hopefully something great. With fear and hope I move ever onward. ","Summary":" EVIL DEAD: DEAD OF NIGHT Chapter 1 There are dark places in the world. Small, shadowy crevices and "},{"Movie":"Gladiator","Title":"The Calling","Author":"Gemmi92","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12819160","Passage":"[Chapter 1] She couldn't pretend that it didn't worry her. The way he looked at the girl was terrifying, but, at the same time, it stopped him from looking at her in the exact same manner. She hated that she felt this way. She detested the fact that she was scared of her own flesh and blood. But she had seen the way he had watched her recently. She had seen how he would stand on the balcony of his chambers and peer down into the grounds, his narrow eyes set on the figure beneath. She would pick up her glass of wine and watch her brother's back, her mind askew with thoughts. What was he doing? What was he thinking? The girl had been in their care for many years and the three of them had grown up as friends. But things had changed. Friendships blossomed into something more. Lucilla remained mute, doing her best to work out what was happening between her brother and the blonde haired girl who, he said, resembled the beauty of the stars. The girl had blushed when he had spoken those words and taken her hand, laying a gentle kiss on her knuckles before brushing her hair from her face and leading her through the courtyard once more. Observing the two of them interact together was intriguing and Lucilla could not deny that. So long as her brother remained infatuated with the ward, he did not have to set his eyes on his sister. She had sometimes felt him stare at her and it made her stomach churn. She hated herself for thinking in such a manner. The look of her brother should not make her nervous, nor should it make her ill. It should make her feel loved. \"You stare often, brother,\" she finally spoke, her hands moving to rest in the lap of the fine silk tunic she wore over her body. He turned around then, looking to his sister as he felt his lips quirk upwards. He moved back towards the table on the vast balcony and took a seat. He sat down, his hands moving to pour himself another drink as he glanced to his sister. \"She is a beauty,\" he responded. \"She always has been.\" \"She is also only here because our father took her in,\" she responded, eyeing him with intrigue and wondering what response she would gain from him. \"You are aware that she will need to marry soon. She is of age and I am surprised father-\" \"-She does not need to marry,\" he interrupted his sister and watched her for a few brief moments, also trying to weigh up what she was saying to him. Was she trying to dissuade him from the way he felt? He remained mute for a second; sipping on his drink and choosing which words he should speak. \"Should she choose to marry, she shall be given the fortune of choosing her own betrothed. I suspect that is not a fortune afforded to many women.\" \"Perhaps not,\" she agreed with him. \"However, you need to be aware that she shall not live with us forever.\" \"And who is to say that is not the case?\" he asked and she could sense that he was getting angrier. His tone had changed and his face had slightly scrunched up. His sister sighed at hearing him. \"Livia will have everything she requires under our care.\" \"That is the point I am trying to make,\" she responded. \"She will not always be under our care. What if she wishes to leave? What if she wishes to make a life for herself? Have a husband and a child?\" He stood then, his volatile temper getting the better of him. Pushing the chair away, he swept from the chamber while his sister could do nothing but watch him leave. Shaking her head slowly, she moved to her feet and knew exactly where he would be going. Stepping towards the edge of the balcony, she hid behind a pillar and peered down into the garden courtyard, her eyes adjusting to the light. It only took a moment before he made himself known. He swept into the courtyard and within a moment he was in front of the girl. She moved to her feet at the sight of him appearing so distressed, her hands moving to hold onto his upper arms as she soothingly stroked his skin, hoping to soothe him. Lucilla took a deep breath and closed her eyes, bowing her head as she felt her chest heave. She was unsure what she should do. She knew the right thing to do. She had to save Livia before she was drawn in too deep. She should find her someone nice to marry; someone who would care for her and cherish her. The girl deserved that much. Lucilla only worried that she would descend into madness before she could be saved. … Livia had grown used to the sight of him appearing aggrieved. He would often appear to her, the usual expression on his face. She knew how to soothe him most of the time. There were occasions when he appeared unable to soothe and Lucilla would step in then. But Livia did her best. She did her best to say the words she knew he wanted to hear. \"Whatever is wrong?\" she enquired, pushing herself to her feet from the marble bench as she took hold of his arms. He stood before her, his head bowed and his face scrunched up in a mixture of hurt and anger. \"Tell me it is not true,\" he urged from her, finally looking her in the eye as he spoke and she allowed herself to look confused as he spoke. \"Tell me you have no intention of leaving.\" Blinking profusely as she felt his hands take hold of her waist, scrunching up the silken blue tunic she wore, she watched him for a few moments before a soft smile played on her lips. \"What are you speaking of?\" she asked of him. \"Is there someone you wish to wed?\" he demanded and she had to do her best not to snort at his accusation. She only knew that would anger him more. She hated seeing him angry, just as he hated seeing her upset. \"Is there a soldier who pleases you more than I?\" She shook her head with haste. \"Commodus,\" she spoke his name in a gentle voice, daring to take his cheeks into her fingertips and hope that no one was watching them. \"There is no one. What has made you think in such a manner?\" Commodus seemed to mellow then as he watched her, his eyes dropping down to the ground once more. It was another moment before she let her finger curl under his chin and lift his gaze back to hers, looking him in the eye. \"Why do you do this?\" she whispered softly to him. \"Why do you taunt yourself with false thoughts?\" \"I do not,\" he responded to her with a shake of his head. \"I simply listen to others.\" Her brow furrowed as she listened to him. \"Who has been speaking such things?\" Commodus was about to say, but he decided to keep quiet. He shook his head and let his hand move to her cheek, his fingers sweeping to tuck her hair behind her ear. \"No one,\" Commodus declared. \"I simply heard rumours. I do not enjoy rumours. You know how they unnerve me.\" \"Well, they have no need to unnerve you,\" she responded to him, smiling widely and causing his own lips to quirk. Looking to him with intrigue, she moved forwards and kissed him softly on the cheek, her lips lingering for slightly too long as he exhaled a deep breath. \"No one knows, Livia,\" he said in a quiet voice. \"No one knows how we feel.\" \"Perhaps they will one day,\" she responded. \"They shall,\" Commodus assured her as he continued to let the back of his hand run down her hair, feeling the soft locks tickle against his skin. \"My father grows old, Livia. The Germanic tribes will be his final battle. I am certain of it.\" \"You can only hope that your father returns before the end of the war,\" Livia spoke. \"He is your father, Commodus. I know that the both of you have not always…well…been able to get along, but he is still your father.\" Commodus said nothing further. He did not wish to involve himself in this conversation. He did not wish to speak of his father for he did not want to find anger or sorrow swell up inside of him. He did not want Livia to see him weep over his father's lost love. Her own parents were unknown to her. They were a distant memory. She was only a four-year-old child when she lost them. Her father and mother had gone and Marcus Aurelius had been kind enough to take her into his care. How could he not? Her father was his most trusted advisor. \"Let us not speak in such a manner,\" Commodus urged from her, slowly running his other hand over her cheek. \"Simply promise me that you shall not leave me.\" \"Commodus,\" she whispered his name. \"I have no intention of leaving you.\" \"Good,\" he responded, slowly bending down to press his lips to her forehead as she closed her eyes and wondered exactly what she was thinking. … In the safety of Livia's chamber, Lucilla waited for the girl to return. She hoped that her brother would not dare venture with Livia into these rooms. Should he choose to do so then no doubt he would ruin the girl's reputation. On the other hand, Lucilla had a suspicion that her reputation was already on the way to being ruined. People were not blind and they gossiped. Lucilla cared not for gossip. She cared for the girl's safety. The door to the chamber opened slowly and Lucilla moved from the shadows as Livia closed the door behind her. She jumped back slightly at the sight of Lucilla, her hand clenching her chest as the elder woman stepped forwards. \"We need to talk, Livia,\" she whispered hastily, holding her hands out. Livia moved forwards and took hold of Lucilla hands, allowing her to guide her to sit on the end of her bed, crumpling the sheets. Lucilla was always kind to Livia. She had always looked out for her, but recently she seemed to change. She had begun to change at the same time that Commodus's relationship with Livia had changed. \"I know,\" Livia said as Lucilla took in the girl's wide eyes. \"I know what you think, Lucilla.\" \"You do?\" Lucilla asked, slightly surprised as she kept hold of her hands. \"You wish for me to stay away from Commodus,\" Livia said. \"You know…you know that things have changed. I cannot deny that they have. Your brother will one day be Emperor and he will need to wed. No doubt he can have someone much better than an orphan like me.\" \"No,\" Lucilla said with haste, shaking her head back and forth, her hair splaying over her shoulders as she made the motion, her necklace jangling around her neck. \"It is not that, Livia.\" Livia frowned. \"It is not?\" \"No,\" Lucilla said. \"I have not once considered your standing in the relationship you share with Commodus. It is the nature of your relationship with him that concerns me.\" Livia took a moment to look down as Lucilla squeezed her hands even more tightly, forcing her to look back to her. \"You know, Livia,\" Lucialla whispered. \"I do not want to,\" Livia whispered to her. \"I do not want to think such things.\" \"Yet you know them to be true,\" Lucilla said. \"Livia, I have been married before. I have been married and I have known love. The way Commodus looks at you is not with adoration or tenderness. It is with a look of…I do not know…a look that worries me and I know it worries you.\" Livia shook her head, gulping loudly as she heard Lucilla speak. \"No,\" she said with haste. \"It does not worry me. I know Commodus, Lucilla. He cares for me and I care for him. He simply worries, that is all. He worries that we will not be able to be together.\" Lucilla watched the girl and knew that she was lying to herself. She was trying to convince herself that everything was well and fine. She was lying to herself and they both knew it, only they did not dare admit it. It took a moment before Lucilla spoke, not wanting to scare Livia, but knowing she had to be honest. \"My brother is obsessed with you,\" Lucilla said. \"I know how he watches you. I know how he speaks with you…how you need to assure him that there is no one else but him…how you are devoted to him. I worry that is not love, Livia.\" Livia shook her head and took her hands from Lucilla's, moving so that her own hands rested in her lap. She closed her eyes and felt worry take over her as Lucilla saw the motion, knowing full well that she was now getting through to the girl. \"What else could it be?\" \"Desire, lust,\" Lucilla spoke. \"It could be many things, but I do not think it is love. I worry for you. I worry what will happen to you and to Commodus.\" \"And what would happen if I did marry someone else?\" Livia asked. \"We both know Commodus, Lucilla. I have grown with both of you. He is a good man. You know that he is a good man. He simply needs someone to care for him. He needs-\" \"-He needs endless reassurances,\" Lucilla answered. \"How many times have you told him that you care for him? How many times have you told him that you will not leave him? It is an obsession, Livia.\" \"It cannot be,\" Livia said, moving to her feet, arms folding over her waist. \"It cannot be because I do love him, Lucilla. I love him and I know him. If he does not love me then I do not think that I could bear it.\" Lucilla stood too, hands in front of her as she tried to take hold of Livia again, but the girl flailed from her. She shook her head as she tried to calm her breathing, knowing full well that she was struggling to maintain her composure. \"Perhaps…in his own way…he does love you,\" Lucilla decided. \"But it is not healthy, Livia. The way he feels for you scares me. It scares me what lengths he will go to in order to keep you by his side.\" \"Is that not what I want?\" Livia enquired back. \"Do I not want for him to act in such a manner? Is that not what love is? Going to great lengths to keep the ones you love with you?\" \"Perhaps,\" Lucilla agreed. \"I only worry that he shall ruin you, Livia. I worry for you as I have grown with you. I have been by your side for years. I have adored you for years. I simply want to keep you safe.\" \"You do not think I am safe with your brother?\" Lucilla took a deep breath. \"I fear that you may not be.\" … A/N: Let me know what you think![Chapter 2] One Year Earlier Livia could not pretend that things had not changed when they truly had. She was well aware that everything had changed. Innocent touches now caused her chest to heave and her heart to flutter. Brushes of her hair were enough to bring a blush to her cheek. The smile that he sent in her direction would make her avert her gaze from him, peering to the side in fear that he would know what she was thinking. \"She has turned into a fine woman.\" Lucilla looked up as she heard her brother speak as they broke their fast one morning, sat at the table together. Commodus looked to his sister who, in turn, looked to the retreating figure away from the dining hall. She had barely noted Livia move to her feet and leave, but her brother clearly had. \"Livia?\" Lucilla questioned as Lucius sat at his mother's side and ate silently, picking at his food as she let a hand move to his hair, stroking it on the top of his head. \"Yes, Livia,\" Commodus spoke, clearly agitated that his sister had not been paying attention to him. He looked to Lucilla again and arched a brow towards her. \"Do you not agree?\" Lucilla nodded. \"Livia has always been a lovely looking girl,\" she responded. \"We have seen her grow. We have grown up with her, Commodus. Why do you say these things now?\" \"Because it is only now when I have seen it,\" Commodus said. \"She is still a young woman with all of her life in front of her and she not once thinks of everything that has gone wrong in her life. She is bright…energetic…\" \"She has been fortunate enough to have a home with us,\" Lucilla said to her brother. \"She has a bright future ahead of her. She is intelligent and she is beautiful.\" \"And her future?\" Commodus wondered. \"What do you mean when you speak of her future?\" \"Come now, Commodus,\" Lucilla said, looking to her brother in an almost condescending manner as she continued to pat her son's hair down on top of his head. \"You and I both know that there will be men who would love to marry her. She will make a fine wife one day.\" \"Perhaps she will not marry,\" Commodus shrugged his shoulders. \"Perhaps that is not what she wishes.\" Lucilla shrugged her shoulders. \"I do not know what it is Livia wants from life, Commodus. Regardless, why are you thinking in such a manner? What has changed?\" \"Many things have changed,\" Commodus said, moving to his feet. \"Father has rode for war once more. Times are changing, dear sister. I can feel it.\" Before Lucilla had a chance to ask what he meant by that, Commodus had left. Sweeping from the dining hall, he found himself following Livia towards the courtyard. She would often spend the majority of her time outdoors, sat in the sun and letting her memories take hold of her. She was a strange creature sometimes, informing Commodus that she would often think up imaginary scenarios. Apparently she used to do it as a child very often. He found her sat on the marble bench in shade, her eyes closed as her hands rested behind her and held the edge of the bench she perched on. Commodus kept his gaze on her for a moment before raising his hand towards an approaching servant, informing her that he required silence. She scurried away and Commodus found himself moving towards Livia. \"Livia,\" he greeted her. Opening her eyes, she sat up straight and looked to him, smiling softly. \"Commodus,\" she responded. \"May I sit with you?\" he asked out of politeness, but he was already taking his spot next to her, his shoulder brushing against hers as he turned to the side and looked to her. \"Of course,\" she answered just as he finally perched on the seat. \"How can I help?\" \"Oh, all is well,\" Commodus assured her. \"I simply wished to spend time in your company. Lucilla is busy with Lucius and I do not begin training until after lunch.\" \"You intend to train?\" Livia enquired, brow arched from him and Commodus nodded in her direction, his eyes roaming over her face. \"War is raging, Livia,\" he reminded her and moved to brush a stray strand of hair from the corner of her face, letting it fall into place behind her shoulder. Moving his fingers to her cheek, he cupped it gently and felt the heat of her skin before he dropped his hand. \"I can only imagine my father may summon for me to join him eventually.\" \"Do you think so?\" Livia asked and Commodus let his brow arch on his forehead at hearing her, a part of him wanting to let his lips quirk too. \"Would that bother you, Livia?\" he asked of her. Livia shifted uncomfortably on the seat before looking to Commodus, her eyes meeting his blue ones as a part of her felt drawn closer to him. She inhaled a sharp breath for a moment as she let her hands come to rest in her lap, creasing the fine white silk she wore on her body. It was another second before she nodded her head. \"Of course,\" she answered, picking her words carefully as she spoke to him. \"I would worry for your fate, Commodus.\" \"Why?\" Commodus asked from her, moving to let his hand take hold of hers, holding it gently in his fingertips. He could hear her breathing accelerate while his other hand moved across his body to take hold of her cheek, stroking it slowly. \"Commodus,\" she whispered his name, closing her eyes. \"We cannot do this.\" \"Then you have felt it too,\" Commodus mused. \"I had wondered if it was only me who felt it, but it cannot be. Whenever I see you I can think of nothing but being near you, Livia. Whenever I touch you I feel a burning that I fear cannot be doused.\" \"Please,\" Livia urged from him, moving away from his touch, a feeling of coldness coming over her from the lack of contact. She looked into the distance, but Commodus was quick. He took hold of her cheek once more, fingers flat against her skin as he forced her to look him in the eye. \"Do not hide,\" he said, his tone demanding but a sense of pleading laced his words. \"Livia, do not hide from me.\" \"But the alternative is much more alarming,\" Livia whispered, her breath soft as Commodus saw the look of fear in her eyes. He felt her move his hand from her cheek, taking hold of both of his hands. She moved their entwined hands to her lap, holding them tightly as Commodus continued to study her. \"Commodus, I cannot live in fear of us never being able to be…to be as we are. You know, as well as I, that you will be Emperor one day. As Emperor you should marry someone much more suited than I ever shall be or could be. A daughter of a senator…or the daughter of a general…\" \"No,\" Commodus spoke, shaking his head back and forth. \"That is not what I want, Livia.\" \"And what do you want?\" Livia enquired of him. \"You are correct. The things I have been feeling as of recent are real. I do not pretend they are not.\" \"But?\" Commodus asked from her. \"I sense there is a hesitance to your comment.\" \"But I do not want to act on them because it scares me,\" Livia informed him. \"It scares me that you shall find someone who you shall love more than me. It scares me that your father would disapprove of us together. It…I do not like this feeling of uncertainty.\" Commodus shook his head. \"No,\" he spoke to her in a whisper. \"Nothing is uncertain, Livia. The way I feel for you shall not change. Do you not see that? I have adored you from afar for too long. I have watched you grow into a fine young woman. I have thought about ways in which I could be closer to you without appearing too suspicious…but no more…no…I want to be with you, Livia. Just say you want me and we can be that way.\" Livia managed a sad smile in his direction, her lips quirking upwards and creasing as she spoke; \"Do you think it is that easy?\" Commodus also smiled. \"It is as easy as you are willing to make it, my sweet Livia,\" he informed her. \"Just say yes.\" \"I want to,\" Livia assured him, moving their entwined hands towards her lips, kissing the back of his hands as he swept down to brush their foreheads together. \"Commodus, I long to say yes.\" \"Then say it,\" he whispered, the voice he used husky as he peeled his eyes open and studied her, his eyes taking in every detail of her face. He had no idea how he would feel if she rejected him. He looked at her as though she was the only thing that mattered to him. It was intense. \"If I say yes,\" Livia whispered to him, \"then we need time. We need to stay hidden…I do not want people to whisper, Commodus. I do not want them to speak of us as though they know us.\" Commodus nodded his head. \"Of course,\" he spoke. \"I would give you anything, Livia. After all these years you must know that?\" Nodding her head towards him, she pecked him on the cheek. \"Just as I would do for you.\" … Lucilla stood back at a distance with Livia, both the woman stood in the training courtyard, enjoying the sun. Lucilla had her arm inside of Livia's both the women watching on as Commodus trained under the blistering heat. The soldiers surrounding him were quite clearly not trying their best, but they did not dare tell Commodus that. They were scared of the man's temper. They were terrified of what he might be able to do to them. \"I see the way you watch him,\" Lucilla said before urging Livia to walk, dragging her gaze away from Commodus, the sight of him shirtless enough to make her blush as she looked down to the ground. \"And I see the way he watches you.\" \"Time has changed us,\" Livia whispered to Lucilla. \"He has changed and the way I see him has changed.\" \"I can tell from the reddening of your cheeks, Livia,\" Lucilla declared and the girl seemed to blush even harder as Lucilla teased her. \"I have seen the way you have watched him, just as I have noticed the way he has watched you.\" \"Are we that obvious?\" Livia enquired as they continued their walk. \"No,\" Lucilla responded. \"It is only because I know both of you that I see it. My brother confirmed it for me this morning. He informed me how he thought that you had turned into a fine young woman and I pieced it together. The lingering touches and glances make it seem so obvious now.\" \"I do not know what to do, Lucilla,\" Livia admitted in a hushed tone, well aware that servants and members of the senate could appear at any given moment. It unnerved her, truth be known. \"I told him how I felt and he assured me that we would be able to keep everything private.\" \"Yet you are not convinced?\" Lucilla asked back. \"Not entirely,\" Lucilla admitted. \"I am an orphan, Lucilla. Your father was kind enough to take me in when my fate would have been much worse had he left me. Your father is a kind, yet strong man.\" \"And you worry he would not approve of your relationship with Commodus?\" Livia bit down on her lip and shrugged her shoulders. \"It is not only that,\" she responded. \"Commodus will one day become Emperor. What if someone else should catch his eye? What if someone prettier or more suited comes along?\" Lucilla frowned for a moment. \"You do not think that my brother would be loyal to you?\" \"No,\" Livia said, realising how her comment must have come across. \"It is not that, Lucilla. I trust Commodus. How can I not? I only worry that as Emperor he should have someone better than me and he may come to realise that one day.\" Lucilla shook her head. \"I do not think so,\" she declared. \"But I understand your concerns and I believe that it may be wise for the both of you to keep this relationship quiet for the time being while my father is away.\" \"I understand,\" Livia said. \"Thank you, Lucilla.\" \"Whatever for?\" \"For speaking to me and keeping me sane. I do not know what I would do without you.\" …. A/N: Do let me know what you think![Chapter 3] Settling down at the grand dining table, Livia looked over the platters of food in front of them, her eyes glancing over to Commodus. She said nothing as she felt him watching her back, his stare intense and his eyes piercing. She felt herself warm up before looking away from his eyes, her hand going to her hair and brushing it behind her ear. Lucilla watched on for a moment as her son dug into the food, oblivious to what was happening in front of him. Lucilla wished that she too could be oblivious. A part of her was pleased that her brother seemed to have found someone he might be able to love in the future. Oftentimes it had worried Lucilla when he was around her. She would feel his eyes on her and she did not know what he thought. But now his eyes were on only one other. \"How was training this afternoon, brother?\" Lucilla enquired, unable to take anymore of the silence at the dining table. Looking to her brother, she arched a brow as he reluctantly peeled his eyes from Livia and allowed them to land on his sister. \"It went well,\" Commodus nodded his head. \"I only wonder if I shall see the battlefield with father one day.\" \"Do you wish to see battle, uncle?\" Lucius was the one to ask, the fair-haired child looking to his uncle with wide eyes as Commodus smiled over to his nephew. He had always felt a strong adoration for the young boy. \"Perhaps one day,\" Commodus responded as Lucius nodded. \"I want to see battle too,\" Lucius said and Lucilla resisted the urge to balk at such a statement. Her son was still young and he had a lot to learn in his future. He did not know what he said. He was young and naïve. \"I want to help grandfather kill the barbarians.\" \"Well, you are much too young to think in such a manner,\" Lucilla said, her voice not entire strict, but rather stern as Livia remained mute, listening to the family as they conversed. \"One day I will not be,\" Lucius spoke. \"No,\" Commodus shook his head. \"One day you will be a grown man and there will be plenty of time for you to enter battle.\" \"I think that I would brave,\" Lucius declared with a nod of his head while Commodus sipped on his drink. \"I think that I would be brave and I would be just like a great soldier.\" \"Perhaps one day,\" Lucilla said, hoping for the conversation to end. As soon as they had finished dining, Lucilla took Lucius, informing him that he should prepare himself for bed. Servants entered the dining hall and took away the platters while Commodus and Livia remained sat across from each other. Commodus still held his cup of wine, sipping on it occasionally while Livia tangled her fingers into her lap, looking down to them, well aware that Commodus was gazing at her. Only once the last servant had been dismissed did he move towards Livia. He took his sister's vacant seat, sitting down next to her as he moved his hand to hold onto her cheek, urging her to look to him. The heat of her skin burned his touch and the scent of her wafted into his nose, truly allowing him to surround himself with her. The coldness of his rings helped to cool her slightly as she moved her hand to rest on top of his, taking his fingers into hers and peeling them from her skin, kissing the back of his hand tenderly. \"I thought that they would never leave,\" Commodus spoke in a hushed voice. \"You were hardly subtle, Commodus,\" Livia informed him. \"Why should I be subtle?\" Commodus enquired from her. \"I am to be Emperor, Livia. I shall be seen with whom I choose and the Senate shall have to cope. Besides, most of them have mistresses of their own.\" Livia arched an eyebrow in his direction. \"And I am to be a mistress?\" she wondered and Commodus shook his head, frowning as he knew that he had said the wrong thing. He took hold of both of her hands and looked her in the eye, any ounce of kindness gone as he remained serious. \"Livia, you would be my wife,\" Commodus declared, voice stubborn and stern. \"The people of Rome would love you, just as they will love me when the time comes. You will stand by my side proudly and not once would I dishonour you.\" Livia knew that Commodus meant only to speak to her with passion, but a hint of his tone was enough to make her wonder why he was acting in such an intense manner. She did not wish to think of things such as marriage or Commodus being the Caesar just yet. \"I know,\" Livia said, forcing herself to smile as she heard him and she quickly went to kiss him on the cheek. \"I believe everything you say, Commodus. Let us not dwell on such things.\" Commodus nodded his head and Livia wondered what impact she had on him. She moved slowly to her feet and Commodus also made the same motion. He held his arm out for Livia, allowing her to take hold of it. She wrapped her arm into his and they began moving towards the balcony. \"The politicians are corrupt,\" Commodus declared to Livia. \"Everyone in the senate cannot be trusted. I know that when the times come they will long for a Republic over an Emperor. I only know for certain that they cannot be trusted with Rome. They will not care for her like I will.\" Livia frowned. \"How do you know this?\" she asked as they moved to the balcony and Commodus let her remove her arm from his, her hands going to hold onto the ledge of the balcony as Commodus made the same motion. \"Because I hear whispers,\" Commodus declared. \"I hear rumours and I know them to be true rumours. I do not know what more I can do, Livia.\" \"Commodus, there is nothing you should do,\" she urged from him, her hand running down his arm. \"Your father fights a war and the Senate should concentrate on that. You should also focus on such things.\" \"The war,\" Commodus scoffed, bowing his head as he slouched slightly against the stone he rested on, eyes closed and mind on the war. Livia looked down to him for a second before peering out, her eyes meeting the Coliseum for a second. \"Lucius speaks of going to war as though it is simple. He speaks of bravery as though it is not also stupidity. I know why my father dislikes me so, Livia. He does not see me as a son.\" \"Commodus,\" Livia was appalled at the way he spoke and he looked over to her, eyes wide and she wet. She didn't entirely know what to do. She had heard Commodus speak of how he and his father did not see eye to eye, but she had never heard him speak like this. \"What makes you speak such words?\" \"The truth,\" Commodus responded. \"We both know that is the truth, Livia. Each day that passes I know that the war draws to a close, but each day I thank the Gods that I do not need to be there. I thank the Gods that I do not fight in battle alongside my father.\" \"You are needed in Rome, Commodus,\" Livia said. \"Your father understands that you need to be here. Your place is here.\" \"I have no courage on the battlefield, Livia,\" Commodus said to her. \"The idea of going to war is not one I wish to entertain and the idea of never returning from war is an even worse thought. But I know that is why my father will never love me like a son. He will never adore me.\" \"Commodus, that is not true,\" Livia said. \"Is it not?\" Commodus enquired. \"Then why have I never felt his love? Why have I never been able to please him? He writes and tells me of Maximus and how his bravery in the battlefield will save Rome, but he not once speaks of me in such a manner.\" \"But you cannot think that he does not love you,\" Livia responded with a small shake of her head. \"Commodus, I never truly knew my father. I do not remember him. All I know is that your father does love you. There may be disagreements between both of you, but that does not mean that he does not love you.\" Commodus looked to Livia, his hand moving to take hold of hers, his fingers toying with hers gently. She wondered if she had managed to speak sense into him, but a part of her was not sure. She did not entirely know if Commodus was able to put aside these thoughts inside of his mind. She only wished that he was. \"You see the best in everyone,\" Commodus whispered, his voice slightly in awe. \"You long to see the good in everything.\" \"Because no one is perfect, Commodus,\" she responded. \"If we look for the bad in everyone then what hope do we have?\" Commodus nodded. \"But I see no bad in you,\" he informed her. She scoffed and shook her head. \"Believe me, Commodus, I am less than perfect.\" \"Not to me,\" he answered and she looked him in the eye once more, a feeling of intensity taking hold of her as she did so. She didn't know exactly what was happening as she felt Commodus move his free hand to brush her hair behind her shoulder. He leant forwards and she closed her eyes, anticipation taking a hold of her as she felt his lips press against his. She kept her eyes shut, the sensation overwhelming as her hand squeezed onto his. He pulled back after a second, not wishing to overpower her as he watched for her reaction, yet her eyes remained closed. \"You are the only one who understand me, Livia,\" he informed her in a whisper. \"You are the only one who knows me.\" Livia peeled her eyes open as he looked to her. \"Promise me that you will never leave me,\" he urged from her. \"I promise,\" she whispered out to him. \"Good,\" Commodus smiled. … Livia knew how Commodus hardly slept at night. When everyone else peacefully rested, Commodus struggled to sleep. Lucilla had a tonic to help him, but sometimes Commodus did not care to take it. Sometimes he did not wish to sleep. He would sit in the darkness, the candles around him the only source of light. But recently he had found himself wandering the corridors until he was outside of Livia's door. He would stand by the door and long to go in, wondering how she looked when she slept. Did she sleep peacefully? Did she toss and turn? Commodus wondered all the time during the evening. But that night, after his lips had met hers, he entered her chamber. It was still light enough for him to see without a candle. He pushed the door open and entered, letting the door close behind him. He saw her in the bed, the covers pulled up to her chin. Her hair was splayed on her pillow and she rested on her side, one arm hanging out of the bed while the other rested on her side. Commodus had to admit that he had never seen her appear less graceful. Her mouth was slightly open and her eyes scrunched shut. She did not look like Lucilla when she slept. His sister always seemed to sleep on her back, looking ethereal with her eyes closed. Livia looked nothing like that. Yet Commodus found it enchanting. He stood and watched over her for a few moments, wondering what it would feel like to hold her in his arms. Would she help him sleep? Would she chase the nightmares away? He wondered if he would find out in time. Leaving her alone, Commodus closed the door once more and slunk back down the corridors, unaware that his sister had been watching his every movement from the shadows, worrying taking over her as to what her brother was thinking. ... A/N: Do let me know what you think![Chapter 4] Lucilla had observed her brother over the coming weeks, her mind caught up in her thoughts. She didn't know what he was thinking, but she knew who consumed his thoughts. She had noted the way he watched Livia whenever they were in each other's company. He quite clearly adored the young woman and she too adored him. What worried Lucilla was the depth of Commodus's affections. She had seen him slip into Livia's room in the dead of the night, but she did not know what to say to him. She did not know how to tell her brother that he was risking Livia's reputation should anyone see him. Lucilla did not want the two of them to end up hurt by what they were feeling. It worried her that their father would not permit him to marry Livia. There was always the chance that Commodus would be required to marry someone of a better political standing; someone who could help build alliances. Livia might have been their father's advisor's daughter, but she was still an orphan. She had no dowry, nor did she have any powerful connections. She truly was alone. Yet Commodus did not see it that way. He knew that his father was dying. He knew that it would not be long before their father had passed and the Gods have taken him. If he did not allow for Commodus to marry prior to that event, then he would simply wait. He would be Caesar one day. He would have the power. The Senate would be unable to tell him what to do. \"Livia.\" Commodus had been trapped inside of his own thoughts that he had barely noticed the woman perch down next to him on the bench in the courtyard. She smiled to him as he greeted her, moving her hand to quickly squeeze his while no one was watching them. \"Commodus,\" she responded. \"I feel as though it has been a long time since we have been alone together.\" \"You would be correct,\" Commodus nodded his head to her. \"However, I admit that I have been busy. I should have made more time for you.\" \"Oh no, that is not what I meant,\" Livia responded, shaking her head back and forth, the smile not once leaving her face. Commodus wondered how she managed to remain so cheery all of the time. She rarely looked downtrodden. \"I understand that you are busy, Commodus. Besides, I have been spending time with your sister and nephew. He is a very kind young boy.\" Commodus nodded, his own lips quirking upwards. \"That he is,\" he agreed with her. \"However, I confess myself jealous, Livia. I would much rather be the one spending time with you.\" Her smile seemed to widen even further as she looked down to her lap, clearly trying her best to hide her reddening cheeks. But Commodus adored the way his words had such an effect on her. He never wanted her to hide from him. Lifting her gaze up to his, Commodus curled a finger underneath her chin and drew himself closer to her, sliding along the bench. \"You are stunning when you blush,\" he admitted to her. She looked away once more, her eyes shifting to the side. \"Are you trying to embarrass me?\" she questioned from him and he chuckled again at hearing her. \"I only mean to flatter you,\" he responded, honesty apparent in his voice as he watched her with intrigue. \"I only ever mean to make you realise how important I consider you.\" \"Just as I consider you important,\" she replied. \"But I do have a question.\" \"What is it?\" Commodus asked of her. She looked slightly concerned then, her hand moving to take his from her chin, her fingers enveloping into his as she kissed the back of his hand. She kept his fingers in her grip, hoping that no one stumbled upon them at that moment. She suspected that Commodus had told everyone to leave them be while he spoke with Livia. \"Livia,\" Commodus spoke her name. \"You can ask me anything. You know that.\" Livia nodded. \"I know,\" she told him, her other hand coming to hold his one. \"I just do not want to anger you or upset you.\" Commodus smirked. \"I doubt you could do anything as such,\" he assured her. \"I think that I could,\" she replied. \"However, it is about the other week. It is about what you said to me…about your father…\" Commodus did feel his lips drop into a frown then and his jaw clenched. He didn't want to particularly discuss this with her. He didn't want to discuss his father and sour what had been a perfectly pleasant day. It took him another moment before he shook his head. \"I do not wish to speak of this.\" \"No,\" Livia said. \"It is just that…it keeps playing in my mind, Commodus. I want you to be happy. I will always want you to be happy. I just think that, perhaps, you could…I do not know…maybe there is a way to make things right? Maybe it is possible for you and your father to move on from this?\" Commodus shook his head. \"I would not know what to do, Livia,\" he informed her in a taut tone. \"I have tried everything to make him proud of me, yet he still will not embrace me as a son. He will not send for me to join him in battle. He does not see me as his equal. It pains me, Livia. It pains me beyond anything I have known.\" Livia nodded, seeming to understand what Commodus was telling her. It took her a couple of moments before she dared to chew down on her bottom lip. It was then when she dared to move towards him, wrapping her arms around his neck as she embraced him to her, holding him tightly. Commodus was slightly taken back at the bold movement, his spine stiffening for a moment. He moved his arms tentatively then, his arms wrapping around her waist and holding onto her. Closing his eyes, he let his arm snake up her back until one of his hands was holding onto the back of her neck, his fingers cupping her head. \"Your father is frail, Commodus,\" she whispered. \"I do not want him to pass with you feeling like this.\" \"I fear that there is nothing more to it,\" Commodus responded. \"What if you write to him?\" Livia wondered from him. \"What if you simply write him a letter and tell him how you feel?\" Commodus scoffed, moving a hand up her waist until his fingers palmed her cheek. \"Do you think that he would care?\" he asked of her. \"I think that he would,\" Livia nodded. \"Your father is not heartless, Commodus. I just think that it might help both of you. I want to help. I always want to help you.\" Commodus nodded, wishing to appease Livia. He did not wish to pursue the subject any further. He would prefer to spend his time simply enjoying her company. He did not wish to see her work herself up over his issues with his father. She was far too important for that. Nodding his head, Commodus concurred with her. \"Perhaps I shall,\" he said. \"Maybe it will make things seem better.\" She smiled at him then, nodding her head before pecking him on the cheek. \"You can only try.\" … \"Commodus.\" Lucilla spoke her brother's name as she retired for her chambers that evening. She had been on her way to bed after putting Lucius to speak when she had seen her brother. He was walking in the direction of Livia's chambers. Lucilla had sat back and been lenient, but she could no longer let her brother act in such a manner. \"Sister,\" Commodus responded to her. \"Where are you going?\" Lucilla enquired from him. Commodus remained stood still, his hands clasping together behind his back. He said nothing and Lucilla sighed. He did not even have the decency to try to lie to her. \"You cannot keep doing this,\" she whispered to him. \"If someone sees you then you may scandalise her. You cannot risk that, Commodus.\" He shook his head in response. \"I would never risk her reputation,\" he responded. \"Regardless, how did you know that I have been going to her chambers?\" Lucilla almost wanted to scoff at hearing him. Shaking her head, she chewed down on her tongue, picking her words carefully before speaking: \"I have seen you,\" she said. \"But that is not the point, Commodus. You should not be doing this. Livia is a young woman and both of you are not officially engaged. What if father tells you he disapproves of your relationship? Commodus, you need to think of such things.\" Commodus shook his head. \"No, I do not,\" he replied with haste, shaking his head quickly. \"I will be with Livia. The two of us shall be together.\" \"Commodus,\" Lucilla sighed her brother's name. \"Please, think rationally. Livia is a kind and beautiful young woman. I understand why you are besotted with her, just as she is besotted with you. I just wish for both of you to be careful. Please, brother, can you just be careful?\" Commodus forced himself to swallow the response he wished to spit out to his sister. Instead he nodded his head. \"She calms me,\" Commodus admitted, looking in the direction of the chamber that Livia slept in. \"Being in her presence soothes me. You know how I feel about sleep, Lucilla. You understand my fear of the dark.\" \"I understand,\" Lucilla nodded. \"Allow me to make you a tonic and help you sleep, brother. Leave Livia to her dreams.\" \"So long as mine do not plague me,\" Commodus agreed with his sister and she forced herself to smile before leading her brother back to his own chambers and away from Livia. … Commodus sat at his desk, thinking of writing to his father when Livia walked in. She was dressed in a light blue, her complexion fair and her hair piled up on top of her head. She wandered forwards and towards Commodus, bending down behind him and kissing him chastely on the cheek, her hands holding onto his shoulders. \"Good morning,\" she whispered into his ear. \"Good morning, my love,\" Commodus spoke back, the affectionate term slipping from his lips before he could stop it. It seemed so natural to him to speak of her in such a manner. He took hold of her hands on his shoulders as she kept her cheek by his. \"What are you writing?\" she enquired of him. \"Lucilla said you have not broke your fast this morning.\" \"I do not find myself hungry,\" Commodus admitted to Livia. \"I am taking your advice. I am writing to my father.\" Livia smiled then and kissed him on the cheek once more. \"Then I shall leave you to it.\" \"Stay,\" Commodus urged of her before she could move away, his hands holding onto hers tighter. \"I will be done momentarily and then I can come with you for a walk.\" She nodded. \"If you are certain?\" \"Of course,\" he nodded his head. He let go of one of her hands and went back to writing. He finished his letter and did his best not to think of it for the rest of the day. Leaving the letter on the desk, he would have it sent later on. If only he knew the response that he would receive. It would lead to the downfall of everything. …. A/N: Please do let me know what you think if you are reading this![Chapter 5] Livia wondered what had happened for Commodus to act in the way he was acting. He was miserable and snappy. He would spend no time with her nor would he look in her direction. She would dine with both him and Lucilla, alongside Lucius, but Commodus would not look at her. He would ignore her and then leave the room. Livia wondered what she had done. Lucilla had seen the young woman struggle to hide her emotions once Commodus walked away. Long gone was the loving Commodus who would do everything in his power to keep Livia happy. Lucilla had no idea what had happened nor did she broach the topic with Commodus. Instead she went to seek out Livia after they had finished dining that evening. Livia had watched Commodus walk away with her eyes wide and tears brimming. She had excused herself and fled to her chambers. Lucilla had told Lucius to go and ready himself for bed before following Livia to her chambers. She didn't bother to knock on the door, instead she let herself in. Slipping through the small crack in the door, Lucilla closed the door and saw Livia sat at the end of her bed, her knees against her chest and her arms hooked around her knees. She had her cheek pressed to her kneecaps and her body shook gently. Lucilla came to sit by Livia's side, wrapping an arm over her shoulders as the young woman continued to sob. Livia leaned against Lucilla as Lucilla tried to soothe her, hushing in her ear and squeezing her shoulder while her other hand came across her body to rest on one of Livia's hands. \"What have I done?\" Livia whispered, her voice breaking as her cheeks reddened and she continued to cry. \"What did I ever do to him, Lucilla? Why will he not look at me?\" \"I do not know, Livia,\" Lucilla responded and Livia struggled to remain coherent. \"I do not know what has happened. He will no speak to me either.\" \"I do not understand,\" Livia continued to wail. \"I have tried to talk to him, but he ignores me. He does not listen to me. He will not acknowledge my existence. I…I do not understand, Lucilla. I do not understand.\" \"Hush now,\" Lucilla whispered in a gentle tone. \"Do not worry, Livia. I will speak with him. You will have done nothing to him. You…you could never have done anything to him. You are too nice, Livia. You know how Commodus is. You know how he can be. He can be a nightmare.\" \"But he cannot even look at me, Lucilla,\" Livia spoke once more. \"He has never acted like this to me…even when we were children…he…why is he doing this? What have I done to him?\" \"I doubt you have done anything,\" Lucilla said in a soft voice as Livia picked her head up and looked to the older woman sat next to her. Lucilla moved to brush Livia's hair from her face, tucking the strands behind her ears as she cradled her cheeks. \"Commodus can be a petulant child sometimes. We both know that, Livia. I shall find out what troubles him.\" Livia sniffed and was about to protest, wondering if it would be best for her not to know what was wrong with him. Instead she chewed down on her bottom lip and looked away, turning her head to the side as Lucilla saw the worry in her motions. Standing to her feet, Livia wrapped one arm around her waist while the other held her chin. Wandering towards the balcony in her chamber, she peered outside as she leant against a column. \"I am devoted to him,\" Livia whispered and Lucilla strained to hear her. \"How I feel for him scares me more than I can even care to admit. I adore him…I will always adore him…and I could never imagine treating him in such a manner.\" Lucilla felt sorrow bubble inside of her as she too moved to her feet. She would sort this mess out before it could escalate any further. She moved to Livia and placed a hand on her shoulder, holding onto it for a few moments before walking from the chamber and leaving her alone. Seeking Commodus proved to be easy. She found him on the balcony of his chamber, brooding as he leant against the stone wall on the edge. His eyes were fixed over the sight of Rome, the Coliseum visible in the distance. It took a few moments for Lucilla to comprehend what she was witnessing, but then it twigged. Her brother was hurting. The sight of his red eyes as he turned to face his sister told her that much. He had a piece of parchment in his fingertips, his grip on it tight and intense. \"We need to talk,\" Lucilla informed him. He shook his head. \"There is nothing to discuss.\" Lucilla scoffed and finally came to stand besides her brother. \"On the contrary, there is much to discuss.\" \"No,\" Commodus shook his head. \"Do not hide from me, brother,\" Lucilla demanded from him. \"I know that something troubles you and I suspect that it is written in that piece of parchment.\" Commodus shook his head once again. \"It is not.\" \"Why do you lie to me?\" Lucilla demanded of her brother. \"More importantly, why do you lie to Livia?\" He winced at the sound of her name and turned his face away, looking over the views in front of him instead. His teeth ground together as Lucilla remained inquisitive, her gaze fixated on her brother. \"She is in her chamber sobbing,\" Lucilla said, looking for any change in his expression. He seemed to soften, his eyes closing as a short breath escaped his lips. \"She does not understand what she could have possibly done for you to treat her as you have been doing. She will not sleep. She hardly eats. She sits and pines for your company.\" Lucilla almost thought of how morbidly depressing that all sounded. She was doing her best to comprehend how much more she could take. Her brother and Livia were like children in the middle of an argument and she already had one child to take care of. She did not need two more. The two of them needed to resolve their differences. Of course, that was proving difficult due to the fact that Livia did not know why Commodus was so enraged. \"What has she done to you, Commodus?\" Lucilla whispered, her eyes scrunched up and eyebrows knitted together. \"What could she possibly have done?\" Commodus ground his teeth together. \"She made me do this,\" Commodus spoke, thrusting the letter towards his sister. She took hold of it and saw the familiar signature at the bottom. It was their father. \"She made me write to him and this is the response I received.\" Lucilla's eyes scanned the parchment in front of her. Their father had written to Commodus and on the parchment was a list. He had titled it 'the four chief virtues.' It took Lucilla a few moments to read through them and then she looked to Commodus. \"He detests me,\" Commodus spoke in a hiss. \"He wrote those virtues and he knew that I had none of them. He knew, yet he still sent me that letter.\" \"Commodus,\" Lucilla sighed. \"I do not think that is-\" \"-It is exactly what he meant to do,\" Commodus interrupted. \"He wants me to know how I disappoint him. He wants me to understand that I do not have his love. I never have had his love. He saved that for everyone but me.\" Lucilla resisted the urge to roll her eyes. \"I do not think that is so, Commodus,\" she spoke. \"He is simply saying what he thinks will make a great leader. Perhaps it is so that you can learn? Our father could never be so cruel. He loves both of us.\" \"No,\" Commodus said, snatching the parchment back and storming off, his hands by his sides as he went. \"I see now, Lucilla. I see it very clearly.\" Lucilla continued to frown. \"Even if this is the way that you feel,\" she began in a soft tone, \"why are you punishing Livia? She adores you.\" Commodus scoffed and moved into his chamber, tossing the parchment down onto his desk before moving through the room. He held his hands behind his back and did his best to comprehend what he was thinking. His thoughts for Livia had turned dark recently. He detested himself for them, but he could not stop. He could not stop thinking of her betraying him eventually. \"She does not know me,\" Commodus spoke. \"Stop this,\" Lucilla said, tired of listening to him. \"Livia knows you and she cares deeply for you. Why are you doing this to her?\" \"Because she did this to me,\" Commodus responded, pointing at himself as he did so. \"She told me to write to father and explain how I feel. I received this in return. If I had not listened to her then I would never know…truly…how much father despises me.\" Lucilla was shocked that her brother could possibly think such a thing. Shaking her head back and forth as she stood in his chamber, she watched him hunch over his desk, his eyes set on the surface beneath him. \"She was not to know that this would happen,\" Lucilla declared. \"She was not to know, Commodus. How could you possibly think so poorly of her?\" \"Because I was happy,\" Commodus snarled. \"I was happy before she persuaded me to send that letter.\" \"And you can be happy now,\" Lucilla informed her brother. \"You need to push your pride aside, Commodus. Do you intend to ignore her forever? Do you enjoy making her feel this way? Pushing her away will not help you.\" Commodus did not enjoy admitting that his sister was right, yet she was. She was terribly correct. Commodus remained silent for a few moments, his hands balling into fists by his sides as he thought of Livia. Would he need to apologise to her? Would she understand why he had acted in such a manner? Or would she not forgive him? \"You owe her an apology,\" Lucilla declared. \"If you believe that she is the one at fault here then you are mistaken, Commodus. You are terribly mistaken.\" Lucilla left the room, knowing that her brother would go back to his silent brooding. She had no time for humouring him, nor did she want to. She looked over her shoulder to see him at his desk still before slipping out and towards her own chambers. Commodus remained stood where he was, his mind allowing him to think of what he should do. He knew that he had been full of anger, but perhaps he had misplaced that anger. Perhaps Livia was not the one to blame. He suspected there was only one person to blame, but he was so desperate for his love that he didn't want to place any blame on him in the slightest. ... A/N: Do let me know what you think![Chapter 6] Commodus knew that he had to speak to Livia. He was well aware that she deserved the truth from him. The following morning after his sister had spoken to him, he had sought her out. He found her in the gardens, perched on a bench and enjoying the sun. Her hair had been half pinned back while some had been left flowing down her back. She wore light blue, as usual, her hands holding each other in her lap. Moving towards her, Commodus sunk down next to her without asking permission. She lifted her gaze as she felt him near her. He looked to her, seeing that her eyes were wet and her cheeks red and stained. Moving with haste, he took hold of her cheeks, his thumbs roaming over her skin to wipe away the tears. Livia was shocked at his sudden movement, but she did not push him away. \"What troubles you so much, my love?\" Commodus asked and Livia's brows knitted together as she looked to him. Biting down on her lip, she remained silent as Commodus continued to watch her, the back of one of his hands moving to roam her cheek. \"Need you truly ask?\" Livia enquired from him. \"Do you not know?\" Commodus almost had the decency to look ashamed as he heard her answer. Nodding his head once, he kept silent for a few moments before he felt her move his hands from her, her fingers taking hold of his wrists to place his hands back down in his lap. \"I know what I have done, my sweet Livia,\" Commodus informed her. \"I know that I have hurt you and I am sorry. I am so sorry. You should know that it is never you who I wish to hurt…anyone else…but not you…never you.\" \"Then why did you?\" Livia enquired of him. \"Why have you been unable to look at me without acting as though you wish me dead.\" Commodus reacted with haste then, grabbing hold of her hands and holding onto them tightly as Livia waited for him to explain why he had acted in such a manner. He remained mute for a second before he nodded to himself, realising that he owed Livia an explanation. He only hoped that she would accept it. \"My father responded to the letter I wrote,\" Commodus admitted to her. \"He wrote and his words did not comfort me. They did the opposite, in fact. He listed the virtues needed to make a great ruler…all virtues that he knows I do not possess…he wrote those words so that I could understand I would never be good enough for him.\" Livia shook her head at hearing him. \"I do not think that to be true,\" she said, her mind going back to his feelings and forgetting her own. \"I do not think he would be so cruel. Perhaps he was only listing them to make you realise that you have the potential to be a great leader.\" \"I do not think so,\" Commodus responded. \"Regardless, I blamed you for the letter and I was wrong, Livia. I should never have blamed you. I was foolish and naïve and I see that now.\" Livia took her hands from him, a look of hurt crossing her features as she moved back on the bench and away from Commodus. \"Me?\" she asked from him. \"Why would you blame me for your father's response?\" \"Because you were the one who told me that I should write to him,\" Commodus said as it that was a logical explanation. Livia shook her head slowly as Commodus continued to speak, hoping that she would understand him. \"I blamed you for persuading me to send the letter. If I had never have sent it then he would never have sent one back. Do you not see, Livia? Everything would have been fine…I would never have known…or been hurt…\" \"You are hurt?\" she echoed back to him, moving to stand up from the bench, her hand going to hold onto her chest. \"And do I not factor into your feelings anywhere?\" \"Of course you do,\" Commodus said, finding that his teeth were gritting together as he listened to her and he stood too. \"Then why did you act so cruelly towards me?\" she demanded from him. \"I wanted you to be happy. I thought that writing to your father would make you happy…I thought that it might help. I did not know what response you would receive. I never knew. Even so, you should have come to me and told me instead of ignoring me…treating me like I did not exist…hurting my feelings…did you ever think about that, Commodus?\" Commodus remained mute for a second before nodding. \"I was hurt, Livia. I was hurt and angry.\" \"And you took out your anger on me?\" Livia checked. \"What had I done to deserve that, Commodus? I have done nothing but adore you…stand by your side…and you acted so coldly towards me. You treated me like I was nothing.\" Commodus moved with haste, taking hold of her by the upper arms, holding onto her tightly as she squirmed in his grip, trying to free herself, but he was quick. He took hold of her wrists and held them in his fingers, raising her arms in the air as she continued to flail, wanting to get away from him as she continued to sob loudly. \"You are everything,\" Commodus responded to her. \"Livia, you are everything to me. Can you not understand that? Would I have been so upset with you if you meant nothing to me?\" \"That makes no sense,\" Livia snapped back at him, her voice raising an octave or two. \"You do not treat the people you care for like you did.\" \"Why will you not accept my apology?\" he demanded from her. \"What more do you want for me to do, Livia? I said that I was sorry.\" \"I do not want to talk to you right now,\" Livia snarled at him, her voice harsh and low as she watched him for a moment, still trying to escape his grip. \"You will stay and talk with me,\" Commodus said and Livia stopped her movements, unable to comprehend what he had just said to her. He moved quickly, taking her by surprise as he dropped her hands and then moved his to grab the back of her neck, pulling her to him as his lips pressed against hers. Livia remained in shock at his bold movements, her mind whirling as she did her best to comprehend what he was doing. She remained still as Commodus kissed her deeply, his hands curled into the back of her hair and pulling at the pins keeping her hair from her face. It was only after a moment when he pulled away from her and she bowed her head, a sense of shame taking over her. He should not be able to have his way. He should not be able to treat her as he did and kiss her, thinking that she forgave him. \"I thought that you were mine, Livia,\" Commodus informed her. \"I thought that you would always be mine.\" Livia remained mute for a second. \"That does not mean that you can treat me in such a manner,\" she said and Commodus almost wanted to kiss her again to make her understand. \"I will not allow it, Commodus.\" Commodus was about to ask who she thought she was, but she was too busy rushing away from him. She had picked her skirts up and was running inside. Commodus watched her go, his teeth grinding together as he did his best to stop his hands from clenching into fists as he watched her leave. … Lucilla had been sat with Lucius when Livia had rushed into the dining hall. She moved around the pillar and into view, her hand covering her mouth as Lucilla stood up and urged Lucius to leave. Moving over to the young woman, Livia wrapped her up into her arms, holding onto her as Livia kept her hands over her mouth, her body shaking as she sobbed. \"Livia, what is it?\" Lucilla asked, holding her tightly and hoping that she could stop her from sobbing. \"Talk to me, Livia.\" \"Commodus,\" she managed to speak his name. \"He told me why he was angry.\" \"He did?\" Lucilla checked. \"He told me last night and I told him not to be so petty. Did he apologise to you?\" \"Yes,\" Livia nodded. \"Well…yes…but he…he did not understand why I was in turn angry with him. He did not see why his actions would hurt me and then he…he changed, Lucilla.\" Lucilla frowned, moving to wipe away the girl's tears with her thumbs. \"What did he do to you?\" she asked, her voice forceful as a part of her began to fear the worst for the young woman. \"Livia, what did he do?\" \"He…he said that I was his,\" Livia whispered. \"He kissed me and I did not expect it. I did not want him to, but he…it was like I belonged to him, Lucilla. It was almost as though I was his to do as he pleased with…to act how he wanted…\" Lucilla sighed and guided Livia to sit down, holding onto her hands as they perched in the chairs by the table. Lucilla kept hold of the young woman as she sniffed, trying to control her tears. \"I know Commodus,\" Lucilla informed her. \"I know what he is like and I know that he can be possessive, especially over you. I have seen how he looks at you and I have seen how he acts around you. He needs affection from those he holds dear and I believe he holds you very dearly to him. He does not like the idea of you being angry with him.\" \"But I am,\" Livia said. \"Simply because he does not wish me to be angry does not mean I can stop feeling the way I do.\" \"And I know that,\" Lucilla promised her. \"But he does not.\" \"I…he has my devotion,\" Livia whispered. \"Why does he feel the need to act as he does? Why can he not understand that I am going nowhere?\" \"Because, deep down, he insecure,\" Lucilla said. \"Livia, I know you care for him, but a part of me is concerned for you. What if he continues to act like this? Is that fair for you?\" Livia shrugged her shoulders. \"I do not know what to do.\" \"You need not do anything,\" she said with a shake of her head. \"I want you to think about what it is that you truly long for. I want you to think about whether or not you can be with Commodus.\" \"I want that,\" Livia said without missing a beat. \"I want him, but I want him to be the Commodus that I know, not the one I have seen today.\" Lucilla nodded. \"But I do not know if that is possible, Livia.\" Beofre Livia could reply, the footsteps they heard grew louder and Livia saw Commodus come into view. Livia looked away as Lucilla moved to her feet and Commodus continued walking towards them. \"Commodus, this is not a good time,\" Lucilla informed her brother and he shook his head at her. \"Yes, it is,\" he replied to her. \"I need to talk to Livia.\" \"Livia is upset,\" Lucilla said with haste, touching his shoulder to stop him from moving closer. \"Just give her some time, Commodus. Please.\" \"Livia, talk to me,\" Commodus said, speaking to her over his sister's shoulder. \"Please, my love, come and talk to me.\" \"Commodus,\" Lucilla urged him to stop as Livia looked away from him. \"Please, just leave her alone for a little while.\" Commodus saw that Livia was avoiding him. She was too preoccupied with glancing over to the balcony instead. She kept her lips pursed and her eyes were still wide and puffy. Commodus stopped fighting his sister as he watched the woman he adored unable to look at him. Backing away, he nodded his head. \"I will be back this evening,\" he informed her. \"I expect to talk then.\" Livia glowered at him as he turned around and walked away, her mind struggling to comprehend what she would say to him when he came back to her that evening. … A/N: Do let me know what you think![Chapter 7] Livia knew that she had to face Commodus sooner or later. He had vowed to return to her that evening, despite Lucilla urging for him to give her time. She had closed her eyes and sat in her chamber on the end of the bed. Lucilla had held her and urged her to think of whether or not it was Commodus who she truly longed to be with. Lucilla knew that Livia would be safer with someone else. She might even be happier in the end. She could have her own life and be happy with a husband who loved her and cherished her. But Commodus had come back to her. He had entered her chambers and looked to his sister, nodding at her and urging for her to go. She had held tightly onto Livia as her brother looked at her with a challenging glare. \"I wish to speak with Livia alone,\" Commodus said. \"I am not certain that is a good idea, Commodus,\" Lucilla informed her brother, but he shook his head to her. \"I do not care what you think,\" he hissed at his sister. \"Let me speak to her alone.\" \"I will be fine,\" Livia promised Lucilla, patting her on the arm. It took a moment but Lucilla relented and moved. She stood up from the bed and looked to Commodus, glaring at her brother and urging him not to hurt her. She didn't know if he cared enough or if he was simply stubborn in his ways. Once the door had closed behind her, Commodus took his seat next to Livia. He moved to cradle her hands inside of his, holding them tightly. \"Talk to me,\" Commodus urged from her. \"What is there to say, Commodus?\" Livia enquired from him. \"The way that you acted earlier was unreasonable. You were so cold and cruel. I do not know how you could have acted like that to me. I did nothing but try to help you and then you forced yourself upon me.\" \"Do you not see why?\" Commodus wondered from her, his hand moving to her cheek and cupping it. \"Livia, you have bewitched me. You have taken my breath away and made it impossible for me to think clearly. All I long for every day is to hold you close...be with you…\" \"And I…I adore you, Commodus,\" Livia whispered to him, \"but I do not care for what you did today.\" \"And I know that now,\" Commodus said to her. \"I do not wish to fight with you, Livia. I do not wish to argue. I simply want to be with you.\" \"And I you, but I need you to acknowledge that what happened earlier was wrong and that we cannot simply brush it aside as it if never happened,\" Livia said to him and he shook his head at hearing her. \"Perhaps it is best if that is exactly what we do?\" Livia moved to her feet, her hands dropping to her hips as she wandered along the bottom of her bed. Commodus remained seated as he kept his gaze on Livia, his gaze noticing how her hair tumbled down her back loosely, her eyes wide and a look of annoyance on her face. She was still upset with him. He could see that much. \"Why can you simply not apologise and admit that you are at fault?\" she enquired from him, turning to look to him, arms folded over her chest. \"Why must you blame me when things go astray? Why must I be the one who is responsible?\" \"Because my entire life is consumed by you!\" he snapped, moving to his feet and advancing towards her, some sense of annoyance coursing through him as he made the movements. \"My thoughts are not my own. My mind does not think coherently.\" \"Then perhaps I should not be here?\" Livia suggested, shrugging her shoulders as she stood inches away from him. \"Perhaps I am a hindrance to you, Commodus? You are to be Emperor one day. You need to think of other things than both us being together.\" Commodus moved with haste then, taking hold of Livia by the upper arms as he looked her in the eye. She struggled to think about what might happen if she did leave Commodus. She didn't know entirely what she would do, but maybe it was what was required of her if Commodus did not think that he would be able to be near her? \"That is the last thing I want, Livia.\" \"But it may be the thing that you need,\" Livia responded, trying to brush him from her. \"Commodus…I saw how your sister was married…I saw how they acted. He adored her, but he did not treat her how you treat me.\" \"And how do I treat you?\" \"As though I am the cause of all your problems simply because you have feelings towards me,\" Livia snapped at him. \"You cannot expect me to sit there and accept that this is how you will be in the future…that as soon as you are upset it will be my fault.\" \"I did not do that,\" Commodus responded forcefully, shaking his head back and forth as Livia let out a dark and loud laugh, finally pushing him from her as she took a step backwards and flapped her arms by her side. \"That is exactly what you did,\" Livia roared at him. \"You blamed me because you did not receive the letter you wanted from your father. How was I to know that he would not respond as you thought? How was any of that my fault?\" \"I would never have written to him if you had not suggested it!\" Commodus snapped. Livia let out another annoyed groan as she continued to move her arms by her side. \"There it is again,\" Livia said to him. \"You blame me again. I am not doing this, Commodus. I am not going to be in a relationship with you if you continue to act like a petulant child who blames other people whenever he does not get what he wants. Lucius acts more mature than you do.\" Livia knew that she had gone too far as she looked at him. His face was halfway between rage and horror. She had angered him, but she had also upset him. She did not wish to do that. She never wished to upset him or see him hurt, but at the same time she had to tell him what she thought was true. Instead of letting him have the option to speak, she shook her head and began to move towards the doors to her chamber, slipping out of them and into the corridor, leaving Commodus behind to his own thoughts. But Commodus was not finished. He moved with haste, pulling the door open and seeing her walking away. He stood where he was and pointed to the ground, his cheeks burning with rage and his eyes wild with anger. \"Livia!\" he roared at her. \"You do not walk away from your Prince when he is speaking with you!\" She froze then, shocked at what he had just said. Looking back to him, she saw how he stood in front of her with a glare on his face and she almost felt a sense of fear. She didn't know what was happening between the two of them, but she suspected it was about to turn volatile. She knew Commodus had a temper. She had seen it sparse amount of times. Yet she had a temper when needed. She could be as fiery as he was. \"Your Prince?\" she echoed, moving back towards him. \"You command me now?\" \"I am your superior, Livia,\" Commodus said. \"I have not finished speaking with you.\" \"Then I apologise, my Prince ,\" she hissed at him, \"but I have nothing left to discuss.\" Before she could move away, Commodus grabbed hold of her by the arm, spinning her around to face him again as he handled her roughly until her back was pressed up against a column in the open spaced corridor. Livia tried to push him from her, but her effort was weak as Commodus moved a hand to grab hold of her chin, forcing her to look him in the eye. \"If there is no other way of getting you to talk to me then I will command it,\" Commodus snapped at her. \"Do you understand me, Livia?\" \"And if I have nothing to say?\" Livia wondered back from him. \"Then you shall listen,\" he snarled. \"You shall listen to me when I tell you that I apologise for the way I acted. I apologise for being angry with you. I apologise for forcing myself upon you…but…but I need you.\" His voice turned softer as Livia did her best to comprehend what she was hearing. She stopped fighting against him as he loosened his grip on her, looking down to make certain that she was not going to run away as he spoke his words to her. \"You are my everything, Livia,\" Commodus whispered. \"I act the way I do because I am besotted by you. I have lost the love of my father, although in truth I think I never gained it, but I cannot lose you.\" Livia bit down on her tongue for a moment and peered down to the floor, but Commodus moved his hand to her chin, curling a finger underneath it and drawing her gaze back to him. Looking her in the eye, he moved a hand to the side of her neck, letting his fingers brush against her skin. \"My love,\" he whispered to her. \"Do not do this. Do not let anger ruin us.\" \"I am not letting anything ruin us,\" Livia responded. \"I need you to promise me that this will never happen again, Commodus. I will not argue with you like this again.\" \"Alas, I shall do everything in my power never to upset you again,\" Commodus told her truthfully. \"Now come, let me hold you as you drift off to sleep.\" \"Commodus, we cannot…\" \"I will be discrete,\" Commodus told her. \"No,\" Livia said firmly, her hand going to cup his cheek. \"I just need time to be alone right now. Please…I shall come to you tomorrow morning.\" Commodus felt stung, but he nodded his head. Bending down, he went to kiss her, yet she turned away. Letting his lips linger on her cheek, Commodus pulled back in time to see her give him a stern nod, squeeze of the hand, and then leave him back to her own chamber. … Lucilla watched from afar as Commodus walked with Livia through the courtyards. She stood on the balcony, her gaze peering down and onto the two of them. She could tell that Commodus was attempting to act as though nothing had happened between the two of them. He had his body angled towards Livia, while the young woman walked straight forwards. Commodus was continuously moving his hand over her body. Whether it was to the small of her back or to cup her cheek, he was trying hard to gain her affection, but she was not bending. She managed timid smiles alongside short conversation. Leaving him after a while, Lucilla watched her head back inside and she moved to intercept her. Taking hold of Livia by the arm, she said nothing and Livia didn't bother to argue. Instead she wandered alongside Lucilla until they were in the privacy of Lucilla's chamber. \"What is happening?\" Lucilla enquired from her. Livia allowed her shoulders to shrug as she settled down on the stool by the dressing table covered in Lucilla's rings and headpieces. \"I do not know,\" Livia admitted. \"He apologised to me last night.\" \"Why do I sense that his apology did not appease you?\" \"I…I think that it will take time and that is all,\" Livia admitted with a shrug of her shoulders. \"Commodus said things that hurt me, but I retaliated and I said things that hurt him. He wants things to go back to how they were, but I still feel uneasy with his previous behaviour.\" Lucilla nodded. She seemed to understand where the young woman was coming from. She bit down on her lip and sat down on the edge of her bed. \"I can tell,\" Lucilla said. \"I informed him that he was being ridiculous, but I also informed him that I was not pleased with him. Livia, if he forced himself upon you-\" \"-I know,\" Livia interrupted. \"Well, he kissed me when I did not want to be kissed, but I think that he was desperate for me to accept his apology.\" \"He still should not have done that,\" Lucilla said with a firm shake of her head. \"I just want you to be happy, Livia, and I am worried that he will not make you happy. I love my brother dearly, but I also love you, Livia, and I know how Commodus can be.\" Nodding her head, Livia took a deep breath. \"Thank you,\" she said in a soft whisper. \"It means a lot to me, Lucilla.\" \"Just be careful,\" Lucilla whispered. … Commodus didn't know what more he could do. He had slowly tried to woo Livia back to him. He had tried to gain her favour, but he sensed that a part of her had changed. Their relationship was not the same since she their argument. Before, he felt as though she held nothing back. But now he knew she was holding back. He could feel it whenever he kissed her. He could sense it whenever he touched her. She had a smile on her face, but it seemed forced. Commodus needed to know what was happening. Kissing her slowly, Commodus let his lips linger over hers two weeks following their argument. His hand cradled her cheek while his other hand held onto her neck gently. He felt her fingers curl around his upper arms as the two of them hid in an enclave and away from prying eyes. \"What is it?\" Commodus asked from her as he pulled back. He moved to peck her lips once more before he pulled back to let her answer, his brow arched in expectation. \"Nothing,\" she said with a shake of her head, her hands running up and down his upper arms as he took hold of her waist, creasing the white stola. \"I am fine.\" \"No, you are not,\" Commodus said. \"I know that something is wrong, my love. Talk to me.\" She let out a soft sight and looked down before chewing the inside of her cheek. Moving to rake a hand through his hair, he watched on as she looked him back in the eye. \"I am fine,\" Livia promised him. \"I just…I am just hesitant…after what happened…I do not want us to argue again and that is why I am so hesitant.\" \"You have no reason to be,\" Commodus said to her. \"What do I need to do to make you believe me? What do I need to say?\" \"Nothing,\" Livia said to him. \"Just give me time, please?\" \"I shall,\" Commodus said to her. \"I just do not want you to pull away, Livia. I want you to be with me. That shall never change…I do not want to feel insecure about our relationship. You are the only constant in my life. I do not want that to change.\" \"It will not,\" Livia said to him, taking hold of his cheeks in her face. \"Commodus, we will be fine. People argue, but we just need time to recover.\" \"I cannot lose you,\" Commodus whispered to her. \"Do not leave me, Livia.\" Livia moved with haste then, kissing him deeply as she felt him take hold of her waist, pushing her backwards until she was pressed against the wall. He continued to kiss her rigorously, his lips unrelenting as Livia felt herself struggle to remain coherent, clinging onto his upper arms as she felt him move his lips down her neck, his teeth nipping along her skin as she closed her eyes and leant her head back. \"Commodus, we cannot,\" Livia said with haste. \"I need you,\" Commodus mumbled against her skin, continuously kissing her as she struggled to remain coherent. \"Livia…please…I need you…\" \"I need you too,\" Livia said, managing to drag his lips away from her skin as she took hold of his cheeks once more. \"But we cannot do this. We risk being caught. I do not want that…I want to do this properly if we are going to do this. I want us to tell your father and ask for his permission. I do not want people to see me as your foolish mistress.\" \"You are more than that.\" \"But people will not think it,\" Livia said. \"I know that it is petty, but I care about what people think. Please, Commodus, let us do this properly.\" Commodus arched a brow. \"But you do want to do this? You do want to be together?\" Livia took a moment before nodding her head. \"Yes,\" she said, realising that she had gone back to reassuring him when she had been the one looking for reassurances. Clearly Commodus needed it more than she did. … A/N: Do let me know what you think! Thanks to my recent reviewers, hope you're enjoying thus far![Chapter 8] Livia awoke not completely certain what time it was, but she knew that it was still too early for her to be awake. She had been sleeping peacefully before her dreams began to plague her. She had awoken in a sweat, her hair askew on top of her head as she panted for breath. Closing her eyes for a moment and gathering herself, she pinched the bridge of her nose before shaking her head, telling herself that it had simply been a nightmare and she had no need to fret. Moving to her feet, Livia pushed the covers to her bed back, her bare feet padding against the marble floor as she grabbed hold of a robe, pulling it around her body and covering the nightgown she wore. Wandering to her balcony, she overlooked the private courtyard, squinting in the darkness before she made out a figure on the stone bench. Leaning her hip against a column, she sighed as she saw him. His hands were clasped together and he was still dressed in the same attire he had been in the previous day. Clearly he didn't sleep. Livia didn't bother to dress. Instead she slipped on her sandals and folded her arms over her chest, manoeuvring from her room and down the corridors towards the courtyard. Stepping outside, she could just about see him look up as she approached. Settling down next to him, she kept her arms folded against her as she leant forwards slightly, her head turned to the side to look up to him. \"I take it you cannot sleep?\" she asked from him. A wry smile escaped his lips. \"I have not slept peacefully for many months,\" he answered her. \"The dark plays tricks on my mind.\" \"Has Lucilla made you a tonic?\" \"It is in my chamber untouched,\" he nodded his head to her. \"Yet I did not long to find sleep. I worry for the nightmares it brings with it.\" Livia let out a soft sigh, shaking her head back and forth as she worried for him. \"Commodus, you need to sleep,\" she urged from him. \"It is unhealthy to try to stay awake this long.\" \"I appreciate your concern, my love,\" he answered her, his hand moving to cup her cheek. \"But I am fine. You should go back to bed and rest. Why are you here, anyway?\" \"I woke from a bad dream and needed air,\" she said, not wanting to disclose the details of her dream as she moved to take his hand from her cheek, kissing his knuckles as he smiled gently at the motion, watching Livia as she moved closer to him and dropped her head to his shoulder. \"I am fine though.\" \"I am glad to hear it,\" Commodus responded, kissing the top of her head. \"Although I must insist that you go back to bed. It is still far too early to be awake.\" \"I am not leaving you,\" Livia responded, yawning after she had spoken as her tiredness betrayed her. Commodus chuckled at hearing her. Moving to his feet, he offered her his hand as he looked down to her. \"Come,\" he urged in a gentle tone. \"Let me walk you back to your chamber.\" Livia didn't bother to argue. Instead she took hold of his hand, her fingers slotting against his as the two of them wandered back inside and up towards her chamber. Commodus paused at the door and Livia bit down on her lip, thinking about what she was going to say to him. She knew it was hypocritical considering the other day she had been so concerned about being seen together. Yet now she was going to do the very thing she had vowed not to. \"Come in,\" she urged from him. Commodus arched his brow. \"Livia, what are you asking?\" \"I am asking you to come in and just try to sleep,\" she urged from him. \"Please, Commodus.\" \"In a bed with you?\" Commodus enquired. \"Livia, the other day you told me-\" \"-I know,\" she interrupted him. \"But I am concerned for you, Commodus. Please, you need to rest.\" It took a moment before Commodus nodded at her. He followed her into her chamber, noticing how the candles in her room were burning low. He watched her toss her robe onto the bottom of her bed before climbing back onto it, pulling her hair over one shoulder as she rested on her side. Commodus didn't bother to do much to ready himself for bed. He remained in his attire as he climbed beneath the thin cover and moved towards her. Draping an arm over her waist, he heard her inhale before he kissed the side of her neck. \"Sleep well, my love,\" he whispered to her. \"Goodnight, Commodus,\" she responded as she closed her eyes, well aware of the weight over her side as she tried to drift off to sleep. … Livia was feeling rather groggy when she awoke the next morning. Her eyes were closed, but she was well aware that she was awake. It took her a few minutes before she realised what was happening. The arm around her waist was still there, fingers splaying against her stomach as she felt her back press against a broad chest. It was another second before she felt something on her neck. She moaned at the sensation as she felt the man behind her kiss along the length of her neck, pausing just at her shoulder to bite the skin softly. Moaning loudly, Livia opened her eyes as she moved a hand to rest over his and she felt his warm breath against her ear. \"Good morning,\" he greeted her. \"Hmm,\" she managed to mumble and he chuckled at her drowsiness before kissing her neck once more. \"I could get used to his,\" he whispered against her skin after a moment and her lips quirked. \"I long to ride to Germania now and speak with my father and ask him to permit me to marry you if this is what I wake up to every morning.\" Livia smiled softly, not responding as she closed her eyes again and shifted in his grip as she his free hand move to rest on her behind. Her eyes opened wide then and she turned her head to the side to look to him, but that only gave him a chance to kiss her deeply. She rolled onto her back then, still kissing him as she felt the back of his hand come to her cheek, stroking softly along it. \"We shouldn't,\" Livia managed to whisper once he had pulled back from her. \"It is still early,\" he responded in a whisper. \"No one will be awake for a while.\" \"Commodus,\" she complained as she felt him run a finger along her neck. \"You know what I have said.\" \"I know,\" he told her, \"but do you not want this, Livia? Do you not want to be with me like this?\" \"I am certain you know the answer to that,\" she responded, \"but I want to wait until marriage, Commodus. I have no desire to be ruined.\" \"And you will not be,\" Commodus promised her. \"Regardless, we both know that we will be together. No one will know what transpires between us, Livia, but you are a woman…you have desires…just as I do.\" \"But we are not supposed to act on them,\" Livia said with a firm shake of her head. \"Commodus, I adore you, you know that…and…if I said that I do not want something more than it would be lie, but I am simply worried. I am worried that your father will not permit us to marry and that I will be ruined for someone else.\" \"That would never happen,\" Commodus told her. \"I would go against him if he forbade our union. You know that.\" \"That does not mean that I want you to do that.\" Commodus looked her in the eye, his gaze intent as he moved his hand to flatten against her chest. \"I would do anything to be with you,\" he said seriously. \"Never doubt that, Livia. Never doubt me.\" Livia was about to argue, but the look on his face told her not to bother. So she did not. A part of her wanted him to say that. She wanted him to be hers so desperately. She couldn't deny that she would be jealous of any woman who dared to look at him in the way she did. She nodded her head as Commodus bent down to kiss her. \"Regardless,\" he said slowly as his hand on her chest slowly travelled down her nightgown to her right breast, resting on top of it as Livia felt herself squirm and her stomach churn in anticipation. \"There are ways to achieve pleasure without having one's virtue ruined.\" Livia groaned as she felt him squeeze her mound and Commodus watched her tilt her head back as she arched her body against his. Moving to kiss her as he let his fingers continue to manipulate her, he moved his lips to her ear, engulfing it and hearing her groan once more. \"Let me show you,\" he urged from her. Livia nodded her head then, unsure of what came over her. All she could think about was the feeling of pleasure in her stomach as she managed to speak in a low voice. \"Please,\" she begged him. Smirking, Commodus kissed her squarely on the lips before moving away from her. Watching as she propped herself onto her elbows, her chest heaving, he pulled her legs apart as she blushed profusely as his hands ran up her calves, pushing the material against her legs up with it. His hands soon found her thighs and he pushed them down to rest on the mattress. Livia was about to ask what he was doing before she saw him bend down between her legs and she fell back onto the bed, knowing that she had to focus on not screaming in total pleasure for the rest of the morning. …. Livia and Commodus spent the rest of the day in some kind of haze. Livia hadn't stopped laughing at whatever it was Commodus was telling her, nor had she done anything but cling onto his arm. Thankfully, their interactions took place in the private courtyard. Lucilla had watched on, knowing full well that the two of them were closer than ever before. Their argument all those weeks ago seemed to have been forgotten. Lucilla had to admit that she was nervous about what the future held for both of them. She loved her brother. She adored him terribly. She also adored Livia. The girl was young and sweet. She was naïve and in love. Lucilla had felt that way before, her lips smirking as she thought back to the soldier who had captured her heart. But he was different. He was not Commodus. Lucilla saw the worst in Commodus alongside the best. He was charming and considerate towards Livia. He adored her and doted on her. But Lucilla saw something deeper. He lusted after the girl terribly. Lucilla had seen how the two of them were when they thought they were hidden in crevices. She didn't deny that Livia must also want him, but there was something more to Commodus. Livia was like an obsession to him. He was bewitched by her, but Lucilla also knew that he saw her as a possession. The way he had behaved following their argument told Lucilla that. No other man dare look at her. Lucilla knew that possessiveness often reared its head in relationships. Jealousy was common. She just worried that her brother had too much of it. A part of her wondered if Livia truly knew what she was getting herself into. … Commodus could not deny that he was furious after hearing the rumours that had spread. Apparently there was a soldier in the household guard who had taken a fancy to Livia. Commodus had ground his teeth together and gone to find her, demanding to know if it was true or if it was simply a lie. She had sat by his side and reassured him that there was no one else for her, kissing him tenderly and holding his hand. \"My father wishes for us to ride to him,\" Commodus announced that evening over dinner as he sat with Livia while Lucilla put Lucius to bed. \"Did he ask why?\" \"He did not,\" Commodus said, \"but I think that it is serious. The Senate travel too.\" \"I am sorry, Commodus,\" was all that Livia could manage as Commodus took hold of her hand, squeezing it softly. \"What can I do?\" \"Come to me tonight,\" he whispered and Livia looked around, making certain that no one was listening to them. \"Just spend the night besides me.\" Livia managed a small nod. \"Later,\" she whispered and moved to her feet, bending down to kiss him chastely before wandering away and towards her chambers. Letting out a deep breath, she pushed the door to her chamber open and startled at the sight in front of her. Lucilla was perched on the end of her bed, looking at her with concern in her gaze. \"We need to talk, Livia.\" … A/N: And now we are back to the prologue. Thanks to everyone and do let me know what you think![Chapter 9] After her conversation with Lucilla, Livia did her best to push it to the back of her mind. She didn't want to feel as though Lucilla was urging her to turn against Commodus, but it felt like it. Of course, she knew that Lucilla was only looking out for her. They both knew what Commodus could be like and his behaviour recently worried Livia. He seemed too protective and controlling. He had told Livia how he adored her and loved her, but Lucilla seemed to think that Commodus had love mixed up with lust and possessiveness. Livia could see why she would think that, but a part of her didn't want to doubt Commodus. She never wanted to doubt him. She adored him. She loved him. She wanted to be with him. Once Lucilla had gone, Livia pushed herself to her feet and moved out of her chamber and down towards Commodus's chamber. She didn't bother to knock. She let herself into the room and saw him perched at the end of his bed. Moving to his feet, he looked to her and saw some concern in her gaze. He walked towards her, his hands going to hold her shoulders as he took them into his grip. Livia moved her hands on top of his, her fingers knotting into his as she looked down. Commodus moved, his forehead brushing against hers as he urged her to look upwards and into his eyes. \"What is it?\" he asked from her. \"You do love me, do you not?\" she asked from him, unable to stop herself as Lucilla's words echoed around in her mind. Commodus's brow furrowed at hearing her and he moved one hand down her arm, running it to her cheek to hold it tenderly in his grip. Looking to her, he moved to brush his lips to hers for a moment. \"Of course I do,\" Commodus whispered, his voice slightly hoarse as Livia looked him in the eye. \"Livia, I adore you.\" \"I just need to know,\" Livia said and Commodus found himself concerned as he cradled both her cheeks in his fingertips then, watching as she clung onto his upper arms, her fingers holding tightly onto them. \"I know what you said earlier about the soldier, but he does not matter. I love you, Commodus, and I do not want you to be jealous of anyone. I never want you to feel inadequate, but I never want that feeling either, Commodus. I never want to doubt you.\" \"What have I done to make you doubt me?\" he worried from her as she felt tears in the corner of her eye. \"Livia, has someone said something to you?\" \"No,\" Livia lied, shaking her head back and forth, refusing to tell Commodus what Lucilla had said to her. \"It is in my mind, Commodus. I just…I have reassured you so often that I need it sometimes. I need you to tell me that everything shall be fine. Nothing will change when you come back from Germania…that…you will not abandon me…\" \"Livia,\" Commodus said in a gentle sigh, wondering when she had become so insecure. His Livia was usually a little ball of fire. She was always the one who was full of passion. She was confident. This woman in front of him was not the Livia he knew. \"Nothing will change. I will come back from Germania and I will always want you. That will never change.\" Moving with haste, Livia wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him, the force of the kiss enough to make his moan against her mouth as he moved slowly, turning her around and guiding her towards the end of his bed. He moved gently, making sure he didn't collapse on top of her as the two of them fell onto the bed. Commodus reached for the end of her stola, tugging it up her legs as his hands ran along her bare skin. There was an urgency to his movements as Livia reciprocated, trying to rid him of his toga as she finally got there, her hands feeling the panes of his stomach as he groaned at the feelings of her hands. Reaching for the wide straps of her stola, he tugged at them, along with her tunic. He moved with haste, ridding himself of his remaining clothes before he was sat up on the end of the bed, Livia balanced in his lap, the straps to her tunic down her shoulder and threatening to reveal her chest as the material gathered at her waist and she straddled his legs. Both of them parted for a moment, panting for breath as sweaty foreheads pressed against each other. Livia moved once again, biting down on his bottom lip before she heard him moan loudly, his hand cupping the back of her head. \"I love you,\" Commodus panted as soon as he pulled back from her. \"Livia, I do love you.\" Livia nodded her head. \"I love you too, Commodus,\" Livia said before making the next move and tugging her tunic down, baring herself to him as his eyes widened. \"I do not care what anyone says,\" she whispered. \"I just want you.\" Commodus tried to be respectful and keep his gaze on her, but it was difficult when she pulled her clothes from herself. He managed and nodded his head, gulping as he seemed to understand what she was saying. Pulling her back to him until her front was pressed against his, he kissed her quickly and nodded. \"I want you too,\" he whispered and held onto her tightly for a few more moments before kissing her once again. … Lucilla wondered where her brother was the following morning when she was breaking her fast. She knew that they were due to leave soon for Germania. She sighed before moving to her feet, running her hand over Lucius's head and walked towards his chamber. She stood by the door, poised to knock, before she heard something that shocked her. Furrowing her brow, the loud noise came from the room once more. Lucilla pushed the door open and her eyes widened at the sight she saw in front of her. She kept the door only slightly open, but the sight she saw was one that worried her. Sat up on the bed was her brother, but he was not alone. Livia was balanced in his lap, moaning loudly as Commodus kissed her neck, the motion unrelenting as the two of them groaned loudly. They were both naked, their fronts pressed against each other as Livia continued to move up and down on his lap. It was another second before Lucilla backed away from the room and the noise of moans. She placed her hands to her head, wondering how Livia could do this. After everything they had discussed the previous night, livia was acting as though the conversation had never happened. It took a moment before she inhaled a sharp breath and realised she had to do something. But it was too late. She was too late. She went to wait in Livia's chambers again. It didn't take long before she came skulking in, clutching her tunic to her chest considering she hadn't dressed properly. Livia startled and gulped, seeing that Lucilla had a look of thunder on her face. Lucilla moved to her face, shaking her head as she looked to Livia. \"I know where you have been so do not even attempt to lie to me,\" Lucilla snapped. \"You…Livia…I always thought that you never wanted to be his mistress. I thought that you had more sense than this…ruining yourself.\" \"I never planned for it to happen,\" Livia defended herself, brushing by Lucilla to perch on the stool at her dresser. \"I went to speak with him after our conversation last night and he made me realise that I should have nothing to fear. We love each other, Lucilla. We can be happy and…what happened simply just happened.\" \"Livia, how foolish can you be!\" Lucilla hissed at the young woman, moving to stand in front of her, hands flailing by her sides. \"And what if my father refuses this union? You have been ruined for another man.\" \"I do not want another man!\" Livia said firmly. \"I want Commodus.\" \"And I thought that once before about someone,\" Lucilla said, \"but life is not easy, Livia. You will recognise that one day. I do not want to see you regret what you have done. You…after what you have done…I just worry, Livia.\" \"There is no need to worry,\" Livia said, trying to remain calm. \"We will both be fine, Lucilla.\" \"I do not know if that is true,\" Lucilla said. \"But I am worried, Livia. I am worried about what might happen.\" \"What is the worst that could happen?\" Livia wondered from her. \"You ride for Germania and your father does not give us his blessing…Commodus told me that he would never abandon me. I believe him and I would do the same in his position. It is not what we want, but I love him. I just love him and he loves me.\" Lucilla said nothing further, knowing that she had to keep her eye on the situation. She had to make certain that her brother and Livia did not get hurt. … Livia watched as Commodus prepared to leave Rome for Germania. The Senate had already begun their journey and the siblings were following them. Livia had told Lucilla that she would take care of Lucius before embracing her tightly and kissing her tenderly on the cheek. Looking to Commodus, Livia was well aware how people were watching, the guard ready to travel and leave for Germania. Moving to kiss him on the cheek, she felt his hand run down her back as he whispered in her ear. \"I will dream about last night while I am apart from you,\" he said and Livia tried not to blush as he pulled back and managed a sly smirk in her direction before moving his hand from her back. Livia remained stood where she was before seeing both of them climb into the cart they were travelling in. Livia saw Commodus looked to her before the door closed and he smiled as the door closed and he took a seat on his bed, ready for two weeks of travel. Lucilla sat across from him, knowing that they were in private and she had to speak with him. \"You took her virtue from her,\" Lucilla said and Commodus arched a brow. \"Excuse me?\" he said. \"I know that you bedded, Livia, Commodus. I saw both of you when I cam to wake you this morning,\" Lucilla said. \"What were you thinking, Commodus?\" \"I will not discuss this,\" Commodus said firmly with a shake of his head. \"I want you to be careful,\" Lucilla said. \"You should have waited for marriage, Commodus. If…if you cannot be together then I worry what shall happen for her.\" \"Nothing shall happen for no man will have her,\" Commodus declared, his tone harsh and low as he spoke to her. He was not going to discuss this with her and listen to her question what was going to happen in his relationship with Livia. \"Livia is mine, Lucilla, and father shall either give us his blessing or I shall marry her anyway.\" \"Commodus, you cannot mean that,\" Lucilla shook her head. \"You do not wish to go against father.\" \"For Livia, I would go against anyone,\" Commodus said. Lucilla was about to argue with him, but she kept her thoughts to herself. She would not spend two weeks arguing with her brother about his relationship with Livia. She would speak with her father and try to make certain that he would permit Livia to marry Commodus. She worried what her brother might do if her father refused their union. …. A/N: Do let me know what you think![Chapter 10] Commodus had been gone for only two hours before Livia heard the first whispers from the serving staff. She had been playing with Lucius, chasing him and running around after him when she had urged him to go and hide and she would come and find him. She had hidden behind a column in the courtyard, hands over her eyes when she heard the whispers from the two women walking by. \"Did you see the way he looked at her?\" one of them spoke and Livia opened her eyes, intrigue getting the best of her. \"How has she managed to besot him so?\" \"I think it is sheer desperation,\" the other woman responded. \"She has been living with the Emperor and his family for years since her father died. She knows that she is now of age to marry a man who might not be able to give her the lavish lifestyle she has grown accustomed to.\" \"Do you think of her as a letch?\" \"Do you not? Why would she want to leave when she can continue to live a life of luxury?\" \"So you do not think that she loves him?\" \"I think that she is playing a clever game,\" the woman replied. \"Did you know that they have been seen together hidden in alcoves? No one has said anything, but everyone knows that the two of them have been intimate with each other. The Prince must know that it would not be in his best interests to marry her. What can she offer him? She has no great political ties nor does she have any true social standing.\" \"I do not know,\" the other woman responded. \"I think that she does love him. I think that it is foolish of her, however. Did you hear how he acted when rumours spread that a soldier had taken a liking to her?\" \"What did he do?\" \"According to Remus, he was angry. He had a face like thunder. Why would he act in such a manner if he was not in love with her?\" \"Because he is sadistic?\" the woman asked back. \"We all know that he is unstable. He acts like a petulant child and she gives in to his every whim. She is using him and he is obsessed with her. I think that is all there is to it.\" \"Livia! Livia!\" Lucius's voice rang out through the corridors as Livia moved from her hiding spot to face the little boy. She blinked back the tears in her eyes as she knelt down and the little boy rushed forwards into her open arms. The serving women looked on with wide eyes, realising that their conversation had been overheard. It was another moment before Livia could look to Lucius, certain that she wasn't going to cry. \"I thought that you were going to find me?\" Lucius asked from her as she held onto his skinny upper arms. \"What are you doing?\" \"I was distracted, sweetling,\" she admitted to him in a small voice as she moved to her feet and took hold of Lucius by his hand. \"What were you distracted by?\" he enquired as they began walking down the corridors. Looking to the women, she noticed how they were too ashamed to even look her in the eye. Instead they looked any direction but at Livia as she glowered between the two of them, her gaze narrow and harsh as she spoke in a cold voice, letting them know exactly what she thought of both of them. \"Nothing of importance,\" Livia said and went on her way with Lucius, hoping that would dispel any talk of rumours. … Commodus had been travelling for an entire week and in that week he had been restless. Lucilla could see it just as the rest of the travelling guard could. He had been quiet, his mind entirely on the woman he had left back home. Lucilla had seen him often lay down, his hands behind his head as he thought about Livia. He was consumed by her. His adoration for her knew no bounds. It was only when they arrived did Lucilla see her brother leave for the frontline of battle. She had watched him ride off to find their father while she had returned to the main camp. She had watched on as men drank and conversed, congratulating each other over their victory. Hidden behind the curtain, she barely noticed her father as he approached her. She smiled softly at the sight of him and Marcus Aurelius looked to his daughter, relieved to see her after such a long time away. Moving forwards, he placed his hands on her shoulders as she took hold of his upper arms, struggling not to notice how frail and tired he was looking. She suspected after months at battle he would appear in such a way to her. \"If only you had been born a man,\" Marcus said in a soft voice. \"What a Caesar you would have made. You would have been strong, but would you have been just?\" Lucilla smiled. \"I would have been everything you taught me,\" she said and moved to kiss him tenderly on the cheek. Marcus smiled at her answer and took hold of her arm, walking with her through the cold rooms as he spoke in a soft voice. \"How was your journey?\" he wondered from her. \"Long and tiring,\" she responded with a nod of her head. \"But I am glad that you are here. I need you now more than ever, my dear Lucilla.\" \"Why?\" Lucilla enquired from him. \"What is happening?\" Taking a seat, Marcus lowered himself down cautiously. He felt his limbs stiffen as his daughter sat by his side, her hand taking hold of his. Marcus patted her hand and turned to look her in the eye, his gaze soft and wide. He observed his daughter and longed for her to understand what he was going to do. He had to do this. It was the right thing to do. \"I am old, Lucilla,\" Marcus said to her. \"It is time for me to name my successor, but it shall not be your brother.\" Lucilla looked shocked then, wondering how Commodus would react to that news. She didn't know what more she could do except for accept her father's decision. He was the Caesar. He was also her father. She respected him and loved him. She knew that there would be a reason behind his decision. \"Maximus is to take charge until Rome is ready to become a Republic once again,\" Marcus informed her. \"Commodus will need you more than ever soon enough when he discovers the news. He will need you by his side to guide him through everything. I trust you, Lucilla. I trust you to be able to aid him.\" Lucilla nodded her head. \"Of course,\" she responded with a nod of her head. \"But it is not I who has Commodus's ear anymore, father.\" \"Oh?\" Marcus enquired from his daughter as she nodded her head and bit down on her tongue for a moment. \"And who does hold your brother's ear?\" \"Livia,\" Lucilla whispered her name and Marcus allowed himself a moment to look shocked. \"The two of them have grown closer, father. Commodus has been quite taken with her and Livia claims to love him. The two of them have been inseparable.\" \"Livia,\" Marcus whispered her name. \"Yes,\" Lucilla responded. \"And…I do not doubt that Commodus adores her, but I am worried, father. I am worried for her. We both know how Commodus can be more than she does. We know that he can be volatile and petulant and the way he has acted…the way he has sometimes treated her…\" \"Has he mistreated her?\" Marcus asked of his daughter. \"Not as such,\" Lucilla said. \"I just worry that what he feels for her is more of an obsession to be loved then it is true love.\" Marcus nodded his head, seeming to understand what he was hearing from her. \"Your brother is not like you and I, Lucilla. He is different. He is someone who I believe needs someone by his side…someone to calm him and someone to comfort him. If Livia is that woman then perhaps she should have come with you on the journey.\" \"Perhaps,\" Lucilla nodded in agreement. \"I simply want the best for her, father. You know that she is like a sister to me.\" \"I know, my sweet daughter,\" Marcus said with a nod. \"Yet if your brother is besotted with her then I believe that she might be just the person he needs for when he returns to Rome and to Livia.\" \"You would permit him to marry her?\" Lucilla asked and Marcus nodded his head. \"He is not to be Ceasar. He should marry whom he chooses and if he chooses her then so be it,\" Marcus said. \"She is a sweet girl. She is kind and caring. She has always been polite. If your brother loves her and she loves him then I believe she might be the best thing for him.\" \"She has always been lovely,\" Lucilla said with a nod of her head. \"Perhaps you are right. Perhaps I have been too worried.\" \"I do not doubt it,\" Marcus said. \"Your brother is many things, Lucilla. He has his flaws, just as we all do, but Livia might be his redemption if he is as taken with her as I imagine he might be.\" \"Perhaps it might be for the best to speak with him yourself?\" \"Of course.\" …. Marcus saw his son enter his chamber later that evening. His hair was unruly and curly on top of his head while he was still dressed in the purple attire that he had travelled in. Marcus had changed into a simple tunic, looking to his son with a warm smile on his face as he took a seat on the end of his bed. \"Father,\" Commodus greeted him. Marcus patted the seat next to him. \"Sit with me, my son.\" Commodus did as he had been requested, perching down on the end of the bed next to his father. He said nothing for a few brief moments, the two of them remaining silent. \"Your sister has told me of your relationship with Livia.\" Commodus ground his teeth together. He had been the one who had wanted to tell his father. He had wanted his father to be pleased for him. He had wanted his blessing. He had wanted to see his father look at him proudly, knowing that he was able to marry someone he deemed worthy. Of course, he didn't care if his father rejected him for he would do anything for Livia. \"I am happy, Commodus,\" Marcus said and Commodus felt his eyes widen as his father let out a chuckle at his son's surprised expression. \"She is a beautiful girl, Commodus. She is kind and adoring. She…I have always cared for her as a daughter and I would be proud for you to care for her as your wife if you so wish to.\" \"You truly mean that?\" Commodus asked and Marcus held onto his son's hand for a moment. \"Truly,\" he nodded. \"She is just what you need, Commodus. Tell me, when did you begin to fall in love with her?\" Commodus shrugged his shoulders and moved to his feet, elation taking hold of him. \"I cannot be certain,\" Commodus admitted. \"I have watched her grow into a the woman she is today. She…Livia…my every thought is consumed by her, father. Being apart from her is causing me nothing but pain.\" \"And she feels the same way?\" \"She has told me that she loves me,\" Commodus responded. \"She wished for me to gain your blessing for both of us to be married.\" \"And that she has,\" Marcus said. \"I would love to see it.\" \"And you shall,\" Commodus nodded. \"Father, believe me, Livia…my feelings for her are true. I will love her and take care of her.\" \"And I am glad to hear it,\" Marcus said and Commodus knelt in front of him. \"But I am shocked,\" he admitted to him. \"I had thought that you would want for me to marry someone with political ties. I had thought that you would not be happy for me to marry Livia for she is but an orphan.\" \"And perhaps I might have wanted that in the past,\" Marcus nodded. \"Yet times have changed, Commodus. You are free to follow your heart and I think that is for the best.\" \"What has changed?\" Commodus enquired as Marcus looked down to Commodus and sighed, knowing that he had to tell his son the truth. He had to tell him what he intended to happen. \"Rome will become a Republic, Commodus,\" Marcus said. \"Maximus will take charge until the Senate is ready to rule. You are free, my son. You are free to marry Livia and be happy with her.\" Yet Commodus did not focus on that. All that he could think of was the fact that his father had bypassed him. His father did not trust him to rule. It was almost as though a dagger had been driven through his chest. He felt nothing but pain and betrayal. But, more than that, he felt white hot rage. …. A/N: Do let me know what you think![Chapter 11] Commodus didn't know how long he stood over his father's dead body. He didn't know how he had gone from feeling such joy to such sorrow. Looking down onto Marcus Aurelius, Commodus sniffed loudly before wiping the tears from his eyes. He didn't know how it had come to this. One moment his father had given Commodus everything he had wanted, but in the next he had taken it away. Commodus could have Livia, but his father only permitted him to have her because he did not think he was fit enough to rule Rome. He would never have blessed their union if he were to be Caesar. But now it did not matter. Now, none of it mattered. Commodus would be Caesar and he would return to Rome and wed Livia. He would have her as his wife and he would rule. He would be a better ruler than his father had ever anticipated. It had taken him a while before he had dared to move from the spot that he stood in to alert the guard of his father's death. The next few hours passed by in a flurry. He had gone to Maximus and demanded his fealty, but Maximus had refused. His sister had stood by for a moment before slapping him across the face, her rage clear on her face. Commodus wondered if she knew what had happened, but he was well aware that was impossible. Commodus knew that he had to stop Maximus from trying to overthrow him. He had no other option but to order for him to be executed. … Livia could not believe what she was hearing from the men who had come to her and told her what had happened in Germania. She was seated at the dining table after Senator Gracchus had come to her with news. He looked to her as she sat there with wide eyes, a hand over her mouth as she shook her head in disbelief. It took a couple of minutes before she could even speak. \"How did he die?\" she enquired from Gracchus as Gaius stood behind his shoulder, listening to the old man inform the young woman what had happened to the former Emperor. \"Old age,\" Gracchus spoke with a nod of his head. \"It was to be expected, Livia.\" \"But still I thought that he might return home,\" Livia said and the Senator shook his head at her. \"It was not to be,\" he responded, his voice blunt as he spoke. \"Commodus has been crowned the next Caesar. He returns tomorrow morning. The Senate has a lot to discuss with him upon his return, however, he has sent word that he wishes to discuss something of upmost importance before we talk about the people of Rome dying of the plague.\" \"And what does he wish to discuss?\" Livia enquired. \"His union to you,\" Gracchus spoke. \"He has made it clear to us that he wishes to wed you as soon as possible. His father blessed the union and he wishes to go ahead with it.\" \"I see,\" Livia said in a whisper. \"The Senate are concerned, Livia,\" Gracchus admitted to her and she arched a brow to him. \"If Commodus is to be Emperor of Rome then his marriage should…well…perhaps be to a woman of a higher standing. While your father was a great man, he is unfortunately dead.\" \"What are you trying to tell me?\" Livia demanded from them and Gracchus let out a soft and low sigh before looking to Gaius over his shoulder. Gaius looked over to Livia then, his gaze stern yet full of concern as he watched her. He had known her since a child. Her father had doted on her and adored her. He had seen her grow into the woman she was today. \"That perhaps you both should not rush into a union with haste,\" he declared. \"Commodus will need time to adjust to becoming Emperor.\" \"And you think that I am a distraction?\" \"No,\" Gracchus said. \"We think that you might be what we need to have Commodus rule successfully. We only ask that you hold off on your union-\" \"-What you want from me is clear,\" Livia said in a snap as she moved to her feet and looked between the two men. \"You know that I love him and he loves me, but I am not of a social standing worthy of him. You would ask for me to be his mistress…\" \"Being a mistress can come with a great deal of responsibility, Livia,\" Gaius said and she looked to him. \"Mistresses are often the ones who hold the ears of those they serve. They are overlooked, but we all know that they hold the power.\" \"You would have me manipulate Commodus to do the bidding of the Senate?\" Livia asked. \"Alongside being his mistress?\" \"Perhaps it might be what Rome needs,\" Gracchus said and Livia shook her head, her hands holding the material of her robes as she moved from the table and began to walk away from the two of them, refusing to listen to them any longer. Staring after her, the two men watched her saunter away before looking to each other, their brows arched. \"She will not be persuaded,\" Gaius said as he finally took a seat and poured himself a cup of wine. \"She has too much of her father in her. He was just as stubborn as she is.\" \"And do you think that he would agree to such an arrangement?\" Gracchus wondered. \"He is Emperor now and with that position there comes great responsibility. He will need to understand that.\" \"I do not think that he shall understand anything,\" Gaius scoffed. \"You know as well as I do the rumours that surround him. He is unstable.\" \"We should not speak of him in such a manner.\" \"Yet it is the truth,\" Gaius said. \"Perhaps a marriage between himself and Livia would not be terrible. Perhaps she could make him a worthy Emperor? We either go against him and advise him not to marry her or we permit this union and she might just be able to help us help Rome.\" \"Or she might be too weak to control him.\" \"No, Gaius said with a smirk. \"As I said, she has too much of her father in her. We shall put the idea towards Caesar before we do anything further. Although I fear that I already know what his answer shall be.\" … Returning to Rome, Commodus could hear the cheers as he entered. He felt some form of elation as his sister stood beside him on the chariot he was being pulled in on. He was dressed in his impressive grab, a simple crown band on top of his head and flattening his hair. He looked to the people and swore that he would do anything in his power to make them love him and to prove his father wrong. As the horses slowed to a halt, Commodus stepped down, the sheer number of people behind him lining the streets of Rome enough to make him feel a sense of nervousness. It was then when he looked for her face at the top of the steps to the Senate. He tried to find her, but she was nowhere to be seen. His frown intensified as he walked up the steps, his sister following him and then stopping as Lucius rushed down and towards her. \"Caesar,\" Gracchus, Gaius and Falco all greeted him as three children stepped forwards and handed him bouquets of flowers. He accepted them gratefully with a nod of his head before looking to the three Senators who had stepped forward to greet him while the others remained in the background. \"Rome greets you warmly,\" Falco stated as Commodus inclined his head. \"It was a warm welcome,\" Commodus said. \"I thank you for that.\" \"Caesar,\" Gracchus spoke and bowed in his direction. \"While Rome welcomes her new Emperor, there is much that we need to discuss.\" Commodus held a hand up to stop Gracchus from moving inside. \"I suspect there is,\" Commodus agreed. \"Firstly, however, I need to know where Livia is.\" Gaius shot a knowing look to Gracchus before holding his arm out. \"Perhaps we should speak privately, Caesar, before we discuss the state of Rome.\" Commodus wondered what was going on as he followed the three Senators inside. The rest of the Senate wandered to the meeting chamber, yet the four of them remained outside in the corridors where they could speak in private. Lucilla soon joined them after she had her maid take Lucius back to her chamber. Standing by her brother's side, she looked to the three Senators. \"What is going on?\" Lucilla enquired. \"That is precisely what I wish to know,\" Commodus responded. \"We have spoken with Livia and told her of your father's death,\" Gracchus began, keeping calm as he spoke. \"You are to be Emperor and Emperor's tend to marry women with political ties or power…Livia has neither of those. Yet, we are acutely aware of your feelings for her.\" Commodus felt rage build inside of him at what he was hearing from the men. They had all been plotting and scheming behind his back despite the fact that he had told them what would happen. \"Did I not send word and inform you that my father had given his blessing for our marriage?\" \"Yes, but-\" \"-There is no buts,\" Commodus snapped, interrupting Gaius. \"I am the Emperor, am I not? I choose who I wed and I have chosen to wed Livia. That is all there is to the matter. She will be by my side throughout everything.\" \"As you say,\" Gaius nodded, knowing that there was no point in trying to persuade him otherwise. \"Now,\" Commodus drawled, \"where is she?\" \"In her chambers,\" Gaius said. \"We suspected it might have been for the best for her to remain hidden until we have this conversation.\" Commodus seethed then as Lucilla tried to comprehend what she was hearing. The Senate thought that Livia would have been better placed as a mistress to Commodus. Lucilla bit down on her lip. She would not let that happen. Yet she knew that she could not let Livia marry Commodus. If she knew the truth about him then she would be revolted as Lucilla felt. But Lucilla was scared of her brother. She was scared of him and the power he now held. He had sent for Maximus to be killed because he knew the truth. Whatever had happened between Commodus and Marcus had resulted in Marcus's death. Lucilla wondered what had happened to the brother she had grown with. The man standing in front of her bore seldom resemblance to him. \"She is not to be hidden again,\" Commodus snarled. \"Now, the meeting can wait until I have her by my side.\" \"Commodus, perhaps we should conduct the meeting before you go to her,\" Lucilla said, trying to soothe her brother as she took hold of his arm. \"And then you can be with her for a while.\" Commodus suspected his sister spoke sense. Of course, he wasn't to know that she was trying to stop him from seeing her. Livia would not know the truth, but she had to know. She had to know what Commodus was like before she agreed to marry him. Lucilla knew now, more than ever, that she couldn't let her marry him. Commodus nodded and agreed to the meeting, counting down until he could see Livia again. … Lucilla watched her brother enter Livia's chamber following the meeting. She hadn't been able to stall him before she could find her. He would be the first to her. Lucilla felt a sense of nausea pass over her as Commodus closed the door and looked over to her. Livia was sat at the end of the bed, her legs pulled to her chest and her arms wrapped around them. Commodus moved over towards her and she turned her head over her shoulder to look to him. \"Commodus,\" she gasped his name out and uncurled herself from her seat. Moving to her feet, she watched as Commodus held his hands out to her. It had been over a month since she had last seen him. Taking hold of her fingers, he held them tightly as she moved to kiss him tenderly. Commodus returned the kiss, letting her pull back after a moment. \"I am so sorry,\" Livia whispered. \"I am so sorry about your father.\" Commodus nodded his head. \"He was old and frail, Livia,\" he said. \"It was to be expected. I can only remain content that he told me how happy he was for you and I to be married.\" A smile formed on Livia's face as she shook her head. \"I take it that you have spoken with the Senate.\" \"Indeed, I have,\" Commodus nodded to her. \"However, it matters not. I have told them that we shall wed. I promised that you would never be my mistress and I will honour that.\" \"But they will not be happy.\" \"Their happiness does not bother me,\" Commodus informed her. \"I concern myself with your happiness and my own happiness.\" \"I am sorry,\" Livia whispered to him. \"I am so sorry that it has to be this way…that you have to go against them…for me…just for me…\" \"No,\" Commodus said with haste, moving to hold her cheeks in his fingers. \"I never want to hear you apologise, Livia. I am the Emperor now and I make my choices. The Senate do not choose for me. I choose you. I will always choose you.\" Moving with haste, Livia threw her arms around his neck, flinging her body against his as Commodus took hold of her waist. He felt her lips move over his as he kissed her back. Her fingers tugged at the straps to the armour he wore as his own hands tugged on her toga, lifting it up her legs as she finally heard his armour clatter to the floor. Commodus finally managed to rid her of her outer layer, leaving her in a stola as she groaned loudly once she had managed to tug his tunic over his head, their lips parting for a brief moment. Commodus moved with haste, kissing her as he laid her down on her bed, longing to spend as much time as he could wrapped up in her. … Commodus knew that he had business to attend to. He had more conversations to be held with the Senate, but he did not want to move. As he laid on Livia's bed, he contemplated saying that he was tired and that he needed rest. Livia's legs were tangled with his, her bare body against his. Her head was on his chest, her hair tickling his chin as he ran his hand down the length of it while his other hand held hers and rested on top of her waist. She was still gathering her breath as she kept her eyes closed, listening to Commodus's steady breathing and feeling the constant rise of his chest. \"I have missed you,\" Livia whispered, playing with his hand inside of hers as Commodus smirked, watching as she remained intrigued. \"And I you,\" Commodus promised her. \"But now we do not need to be apart, my love. We will marry and celebrate my father's life.\" \"Was he truly happy?\" Commodus remained calm as he thought back to that moment of happiness he had felt. He thought that his father had adored him for a brief moment and cared about him. \"He was,\" Commodus said. \"He thought the world of you, Livia. He thought that you were perfect.\" \"He was always kind to me,\" Livia said. \"He took me in when I was sure to be orphaned…he took me in and he let me find you, Commodus. I will always thank him for that.\" Commodus remained silent as he felt her turn her chin onto his chest and look up to him, smiling gently as she reached a hand up to stroke his cheek lovingly. Commodus took hold of it and kissed it tenderly. \"And I will thank him,\" Commodus said. \"I am hosting gladiatorial games in his honour.\" \"The games?\" Livia wondered. \"Yes,\" Commodus nodded. \"The people want a vision of Rome…they want something that will allow them to fantasise about Rome. They will see it in all of its glory in the games. It shall be one hundred and fifty days of games.\" \"Is that not too long?\" she wondered from him, not entirely certain if she wanted to see so much bloodshed. \"It is just right,\" Commodus said to her. \"Do you not agree with my decision?\" \"I do not know,\" Livia admitted to him. \"I understand that you wish to honour your father, but I wonder if this is the right way.\" \"I believe so,\" Commodus spoke to her. \"However, I must dress, Livia. I need to conclude my meeting with the Senate. I would like for you to join me.\" Livia shook her head. \"Commodus, I do not belong there. I know nothing of how to rule.\" \"But you are to be my wife and I wish for you to be by my side,\" Commodus responded. \"Please, Livia. I need you with me.\" It took a moment before Livia nodded and she felt him move to kiss her before starting to dress again. Letting out a deep breath, she wondered if Commodus truly knew what he was doing. ... A/N: Do let me know what you think![Chapter 12] Livia knew that she didn't belong where she was currently stood. She had dressed in one of her nicer robes, the pale blue colour of it emphasising her fair skin and hair. She had brushed her hair hastily, well aware that Commodus was waiting for her to join him. She had taken hold of his hand as the two of them returned to the Senate. The room was filled with Senators and Livia did her best not to crack underneath their scrutinising stare. She saw Lucilla stood in the corner as Commodus moved a hand in the air, indicating that he was ready for business to begin. He perched down on a seat as Livia remained stood by his side. Their hands had dropped from each other. Livia had been the one to move her hand from his, not wanting to attract anymore attention. Looking to Lucilla for a second, Livia noticed there was a look of concern in her gaze. Livia frowned, wondering what Lucilla was thinking. She looked away from her gaze and down to the ground. \"For your guidance, Caesar, the Senate has prepared a list of protocols to address the many problems that Rome is facing,\" Gracchus called out as he moved closer to Commodus. \"It begins with basic sanitation for drinking water to combat the plague.\" Commodus nodded his head at hearing him and then held a hand up as Livia felt her palms begin to sweat, wondering if Commodus was ready for this. She looked down to him and all that she could see was a man who had been forced to become Emperor too soon. Commodus knew nothing of ruling, nor did he know how to keep people happy. Livia knew that. \"Sh,\" Commodus whispered, silencing the Senator. \"Don't you see, Gracchus? My father spent all his time studying. He would lock himself away with books and philosophy. He would read from the Senate, but after all that time, the people were forgotten.\" Commodus moved to his feet then and began to walk around as Livia watched him, seeing that there was a tenseness to his movements. She remained still as Lucilla examined her brother, knowing that there was already something going on in his mind. \"But the Senate are the people,\" Gracchus responded. Commodus chuckled then, looking back to him. \"I doubt the people eat as well as you do, Gracchus,\" he said and then turned his attention to Gaius, his brow arching as he recalled their earlier conversation. \"Or have such fine mistresses, Gaius.\" \"Then perhaps Caesar can tell us about the people from his own extensive history of ruling,\" Gracchus said and there were soft chuckles around the room as Livia's eyes widened, unable to believe that Gracchus had mocked Commodus in such a manner. Livia watched the back of Commodus as his hands clasped together. He was still for a moment, not rising to the bait as Lucilla's expression grew with concern. \"It is called love,\" Commodus said in a far off voice. \"The people are my children. I shall hold them to me and embrace them tightly-\" \"-Have you ever embraced someone dying of plague, Caesar?\" Gracchus demanded and Commodus turned to look to him, a sneer on his face as he took a step forwards, his motions slow, but his face one of thunder. \"No,\" Commodus said. \"But if you ever interrupt me again then I ensure you that you shall.\" The threat hung in the air and Livia moved then as Lucilla also pushed herself to her feet and moved quicker than Livia. She stood in front of her brother and looked to Gracchus as Livia stood still, uncertain of what more she could do. She knew that they were watching her. Her eye had caught Gaiuss's and it was almost as though he expected her to have control over Commodus. \"My brother is very tired,\" Lucilla said as Commodus threw a glare to her. \"Give your requests to me. I shall ensure that Caesar shall look through them.\" Livia had no chance to stay and listen to the end of the conversation. Instead she felt Commodus take hold of her hand, not caring who was watching as he took his leave. Storming out of the meeting hall, he made his ways through corridors as Livia tried to make him stop. He finally did so, standing still as he let go of her hand and looked to her. \"Who are they to lecture me?\" he asked from her. \"Commodus, they are the Senate,\" Livia said. \"I do not think that they were lecturing you. They were simply telling you of Rome's position.\" \"Commodus,\" Lucilla called over to him as she made her presence known. \"You should not act like that. The Senate has its uses.\" \"What uses?\" Commodus demanded from her. \"It should just be us…me…you…Livia.\" \"No,\" Livia said with haste as Commodus turned his back to them and moved to take a seat in the chair reserved for the Emperor, lounging back in it as Lucilla felt her eyes widen and her voice grew harsh as she snapped at her brother. \"Do not even think it,\" she demanded from him. \"There has always been a Senate.\" \"Rome has changed,\" Commodus said, removing the crown from his head and placing it on the table next to him. \"It needs a Emperor to rule an Empire.\" \"Of course,\" Lucilla said. \"But the people are there. There are traditions.\" \"But my father fought wars against the barbarians. They never saw it. They never saw the bloodshed and they never met the barbarians, yet they love father for it.\" Lucilla took her turn to begin pacing as Livia remained silent, not wishing to involve herself in the sibling's conversations. She played with the material of the cloth she wore, her teeth chewing down on her cheek as she looked to the crown besides Commodus. \"People love victories, Commodus,\" Lucilla merely responded to him. \"But why?\" Commodus asked from her, his voice lowering slightly. \"Why do they care?\" \"They care about the greatness of Rome,\" Lucilla said and Commodus nodded his head and leant forwards slightly. \"The greatness of Rome,\" he echoed. \"And what is that?\" he sneered as Lucilla looked down to him and stood still. \"It is an idea,\" Lucilla said. \"Greatness is simply a vision.\" \"Exactly,\" Commodus said. \"Greatness is a vision. Do you not see? I shall give the people a vision of Rome and they will love me for it. They will soon forget the Senate and they will see the greatest vision they have ever witnessed.\" Livia suspected he was talking about the games he had mentioned to her earlier. She remained still, her spine slightly stiff as she Commodus take hold of his sister by her hand, kissing the back of it tenderly as Livia remained stood where she was. It took her a minute before she saw Commodus look to her, his gaze landing on her as he let go of his sister's hand. \"Livia, my love,\" he cooed to her and she stepped forwards. \"Tell me what you think.\" Livia shook her head. \"I…I think that Lucilla is correct,\" Livia admitted to him and Commodus almost looked annoyed, but he continued to listen to her as he offered her his hand and she took it as he stood from his seat, his sister watching the interaction. \"How so?\" Commodus wondered from her, the back of his hand moving over her cheek to sweep her hair from her face. \"The Senate speak for the people,\" Livia spoke in a gentle voice to him. \"They are elected by the people. If the people did not want a Senate then they would make that known. They would not vote…they would rebel…they would not go to the Senate with their problems.\" \"So you think that they will adore the Senate more than me?\" Commodus wondered and Livia shook her head with haste then. \"Of course not,\" she said. \"But I think that you need the Senate to tell you of what the people want. You cannot be expected to know what it is Rome needs. The Senate can tell you and then you can deliver on those issues. They will adore you then for it.\" Lucilla watched as Commodus seemed to comprehend what Livia was saying. Doing her best not to drag the girl away from her brother, Lucilla felt herself wondering if this was the best-case scenario. Livia was able to get through to Commodus. She was able to talk to him and he listened to her. Perhaps she could make Commodus a better Caesar. Of course, she knew it was not fair on the girl. She had no idea what her brother had done in Germania and a part of Lucilla wondered if she should fear for Livia's safety. \"You speak sense, my love,\" Commodus whispered to her. \"Then perhaps we should read through the list of the Senate's requests?\" Livia suggested to him as she looked to Lucilla for the scroll. Arching a brow, Livia continued to watch Lucilla before she handed her it. Taking it from Lucilla, Livia handed it to Commodus and he grasped it in his fingertips. \"Perhaps we should,\" Commodus echoed back to Livia before he squeezed hold of her hand inside of his and then looked to his sister. \"We shall see you this evening, sister.\" \"Of course,\" Lucilla said, watching as Commodus led Livia away. She longed to chase after her and take hold of her. She wanted to protect her. She needed to protect her. But she only worried what Commodus might do if Livia knew the entire truth. … The night was late as Livia finished with the scroll from the Senate. She had been reading their requests to Commodus and he had agreed with most of them. Livia had urged him to send word to the Senate that he was amicable to their suggestions and he had a guard send them word. He had spent that evening in her chamber, wrapped up in her grip as she rested by his side. She had changed into her nightgown while Commodus had simply stripped down to his tunic. He had cradled her by his side, his arm around her shoulders as his other arm moved to her waist, his hand holding hers. \"I know that you do not trust the Senate,\" Livia said to him in a whisper, her thumbs stroking his knuckles softly, \"but I think that they might have their uses, Commodus. Your sister is right.\" \"After what they have done I trust none of them,\" Commodus informed her and Livia's lips quirked and she nodded her head. \"They would have made you my mistress if they had their way. What do they know, Livia?\" \"And I hated the idea as much as you hate it,\" Livia promised him as she felt one of his hands move to her hair, his fingers running down the length of it. \"However, the Senate are no fools. They know that it would make more sense for you to marry someone of better standing than an orphan.\" \"They can attempt to control my actions,\" Commodus said, his hand lifting hers to his lips as he kissed the back of it. \"But I will never permit them to control my heart.\" Livia felt her stomach grow with longing as she leaned up, propping herself onto her elbow as she bent down to kiss him, the motion slow and sensual as Commodus moved his hand from her hair to press down into the small of her back. He brought her body closer to his as she pressed a hand to his chest. Pulling back after a moment, he looked her in the eye as he saw her smile to him. \"You are the only one I need, Livia,\" Commodus whispered. \"The Senate…everyone else…you are the one I need by my side to be successful. I know that.\" \"I don't know about that,\" Livia said, her hand moving up his chest and along his neck until she cupped his cheek in her fingertips. She ran the ends of her fingers through his hair as he continued to watch her smile at him. \"I can only offer you advice. I do not pretend to know all that there is to know about Rome.\" \"Perhaps not,\" Commodus agreed with her. \"However, I wish for you to be by my side during the games when they commence.\" \"I told you that I will always be by your side,\" Livia said, stroking his cheek slowly. \"No,\" Commodus shook his head. \"As my wife, Livia.\" Livia let out a sharp breath and Commodus looked concerned then, his brows knitting together as he frowned and looked her in the eye. \"You do not wish to marry me?\" he demanded from her. \"No, I do,\" Livia said nodding hastily. \"You know that I do, but I didn't think that you would wish to marry me so soon.\" \"I cannot think of a better time,\" Commodus said to her. \"Say yes, Livia. Tell me that you shall marry me and I shall have everything arranged as soon as I can. Just tell me you love me and will marry me.\" Livia nodded. \"Of course I love you,\" she said. \"And I would love to marry you, Commodus, but I do not want to aggrieve the Senate further…or marry so soon after your father's death when you have not had chance to grieve him.\" \"My love, I have told you that the Senate do not matter,\" Commodus said to her. \"And my father gave his blessing. Do not be scared, Livia. There is nothing to fear so long as you are with me. I will keep you safe from everything out there…the Senate…anyone who questions us…I will see to it that none of it matters, only us.\" Bending down, Livia kissed him once more, her lips laying over his for a few moments. She pulled back and nodded at him, her forehead resting on his as Commodus finally allowed himself to smile. \"I never knew you could be so romantic,\" she teased him and he chuckled. \"Only for you, my love.\" … Sitting at breakfast the following morning, Commodus prepared to break his fast as his sister sat across from him. He had left Livia sleeping, kissing her on the forehead tenderly before covering her in a sheet and moving to his own chamber to change. He dressed in purple finery before moving to the dining hall. Lucilla was already sat there, but she was not eating. Sitting down across from her, Commodus inclined his head towards her as she toyed with the necklace around her neck. \"Good morning, sister,\" he greeted her. \"Commodus,\" she responded, her voice tight. \"I trust you slept well after so much travelling?\" \"Very well,\" Lucilla said. \"I did not have to make a tonic for you last night either. I take it you shared Livia's chambers.\" Commodus arched a brow. \"Does that surprise you?\" Commodus asked of her. \"I would have hoped that you would wait until you are married,\" Lucilla admitted. \"I do not wish for rumours to spread. Regardless, I will go and speak with Livia when she awakes.\" Looking to his sister, he wondered if she dared to tell Livia what she thought might be the truth. Commodus had watched her that night their father died. She had slapped him across the face before kissing his hand. He knew that she had suspicions, but he had hoped that she would keep them to herself. Regardless, Commodus had to make certain that she did not poison his Livia against him. \"She would like that,\" Commodus nodded his head. \"Although, I would be appeased if you tried to avoid talk of rumours that may cause her distress.\" Lucilla arched a brow in her brother's direction. \"Such as?\" \"I take it you know how the Senate wish for her to be my mistress and not my wife,\" Commodus declared. \"I would have none of that discussed in front of her. I do not wish to see her upset or question our relationship.\" \"I see,\" Lucilla said and Commodus arched a brow. \"Do you?\" Commodus asked from his sister. \"I know Livia. I know when something plagues her mind…I know when someone has told her something that is a falsity. I know when she is upset…or when she has something that she wishes to hide from me. I know her.\" Lucilla tried to remain composed, knowing full well what her brother was doing. All that she could do was nod her head at him as he kept his stare on her. His gaze was harsh and even, his face holding a knowing look. He had no further chance to speak with his sister as he saw Livia enter the dining hall. She was dressed in fine dark blue silk, her hair hanging down her shoulders. Compared to his sister, she wore no jewellery, preferring not to waste time with it. Commodus smiled as he stood up and held his arm out to her. \"My love,\" he greeted her as she stepped into his embrace and he kissed her chastely. \"I trust you slept well?\" \"Very well,\" Livia said as Commodus pulled a chair out for her to sit in. She perched down into it as Commodus sat next to her, a hand moving to her thigh as Livia looked to Lucilla as Commodus spoke. \"Lucilla was wondering if you wished to spend time with her this morning,\" Commodus spoke as Livia nodded. \"I would love to,\" Livia said. \"Excellent,\" Lucilla said as Commodus caught her eye once more, both of them exchanging a knowing look as he bent over to kiss Livia on the cheek. … A/N: Do let me know what you think![Chapter 13] Wandering through the courtyard and perching on a bench, Livia looked to Lucilla. The two women had been walking through the gardens for about half an hour and Lucilla had done nothing but utter pleasantries to Livia. She had been cautious of engaging in conversation and each word she said had been weighted and calculated. Livia wondered what was going on. \"Lucilla, you have hardly been your usual self since you returned,\" Livia said with a deep sigh, unable to hold back her comment. It was another moment before Lucilla looked to Livia and nodded her head. She let out a deep breath. Looking to the young woman, Lucilla wondered if she should tell her the truth. She knew that it would be for the best, but she didn't. Instead, she remained silent on what she suspected. She couldn't do it. She couldn't tell Livia and risk Commodus finding out. As much as she adored her brother, she couldn't help but admit that she feared him. \"It is nothing,\" Lucilla chose to say. \"I am still tired from so much travelling and I am still thinking of father. It is nothing to do with you, Livia. It is just me.\" Livia didn't know if that was entirely honest, but she didn't bother to question Lucilla. Instead she made conversation with her and Lucilla tried her best to appear more engaged in conversation. She wondered if Livia could see through her, but she didn't care. She only cared about keeping Commodus appeased. It was just before lunch when the two women returned inside and noted Commodus at his desk, perched in his chair and writing letters. He moved to his feet as soon as he saw the two of them enter. It took a moment before he let his eyes wander from Livia to his sister, seeing a forlorn look on her face. He didn't know what she had said, but judging by the way Livia embraced him, his sister had done as he had asked. Pulling back, he kept Livia in his arms and kissed her chastely as Lucilla looked away, a sense of anger coursing through her. \"I take it you had a nice stroll?\" Commodus said, keeping Livia in his grip as she nodded her head. \"We did,\" she said to him and he looked to Lucilla. \"Sister?\" he asked from her. \"Lovely,\" Lucilla said, her brows arching on her forehead. \"I am going to go and see Lucius. I will see you before dinner this evening.\" \"Of course, Lucilla,\" Commodus responded. Watching her go, Livia frowned and Commodus noted her face. Moving his hands to cup her cheeks, he brought her gaze back to his and she struggled to comprehend what was happening as she let out a sigh. Commodus's brows knitted together and he pursed his lips. \"Is something wrong?\" \"No,\" Livia said. \"Well, I don't think so.\" \"Talk to me,\" Commodus urged from her, taking her by the hand and leading her to sit on the bench in the corner of the room. She perched down, her hand holding onto his as she moved her other hand to sweep her hair behind her shoulder, revealing her bare skin from where her strap didn't cover it. Commodus tried to keep his gaze on her eyes, but he couldn't help but notice her bare skin, wondering how long he had before the Senate demanded his attention again. \"Lucilla was fine with me,\" Livia said to him. \"But it seemed as though there was something on her mind. When I asked her she said that she was simply tired and still upset, which I completely understand. But I was just worried.\" Commodus wanted to inhale a sharp breath, but he remained calm and nonchalant. His sister had clearly not told Livia her suspicions, but she had not been able to stop herself from looking worried. It took another second before Commodus sighed and shook his head. \"No doubt that is all there is to it,\" Commodus promised her, trying to remain light. \"You know how Lucilla can be. Besides, she is probably still concerned over the fact that I am still sharing your chamber. She asked me to wait until we were married and she did not look pleased.\" \"Well, she might have a point,\" Livia said, playing with his fingers inside of hers as her lips quirked and Commodus noted the sly smirk on her face as she peered up to him. \"We are not exactly being proper about our relationship.\" \"Do you wish to be?\" Commodus wondered from her. \"I…I thought that I did,\" Livia said to him. \"I always prided myself on being proper, but the thought of sleeping without you by my side fills me with dread now. Besides, we intend to be wed, that is good enough for me.\" \"I am glad to hear that,\" Commodus whispered to her. \"Because I am wondering if we have time to go to my chamber before my next meeting with the Senate.\" Livia felt her lips quirk as butterflies seemed to manifest themselves in her stomach. Commodus smirked as he felt her move closer to him and kiss him, her lips moving against his as his hand went to her shoulder, stroking the bare skin there as he tugged on the strap of her toga. She pulled back then after chewing down on his bottom lip and stood up. \"I will meet you there soon,\" she said to him. \"Count to one hundred and then join me.\" \"As you wish,\" Commodus said, a dark tone to his voice as he looked at her with a gleam in her eye. She looked back to him, her head over her shoulder as she sauntered away. She turned to face forwards, laughing into her hands as she rushed along to his chamber. She was well aware that his Praetorian Guard roamed the hallways and followed Commodus to keep him safe. She ignored stares from the ones as she passed, sneaking into his chamber and moving with haste. She perched down on the edge of the bed and waited with patience. She knew that he must not have counted to one hundred as he opened the door and entered with haste. Picking her up from the side of the bed, his arm wrapped around her waist as his lips attacked her. He felt her laughing against his lips, their teeth hitting together due to her motions. He pulled back after a second and bent down to kiss her along the neck, questioning her as he went. \"And what is so funny, my love?\" he wondered from her. \"You could not count until one hundred before coming here?\" she enquired from him and Commodus did smirk then as he moved back up to kiss her on the lips squarely. He pulled back after that and looked her in the eye as he pulled her straps down her arms. \"When it comes to you, I doubt that I will ever be able to contain myself,\" he admitted to her and she moved to kiss him once more, unable to resist him as her lips pressed to his and they lost themselves in each other for an hour. … Leaving Livia to sleep, Commodus stood over the small model of the Coliseum, imaging how grand it would be once the games came to life. If he closed his eyes, he swore that he could hear the roar of the crowd and the smell of excitement. Opening his eyes again, he looked the model and smirked, knowing that he could gain the people's love from these games. People enjoyed entertainment and they found the games entertaining. He was controlling the mob. He was gaining their affection. He didn't know how long he had stood by the Coliseum before he felt arms wrap around his waist, hands flat on his stomach. He closed his eyes again as he inhaled her familiar scent. He felt her lips against the side of his neck as her fingers bunched into the orange material of his tunic. His hands went to rest on top of hers, his fingers threading through hers. \"Come back to bed,\" she urged from him and he chuckled, his back against her chest as she remained in the white nightgown she had changed into. \"I wish that I could,\" Commodus responded. \"Yet Rome cannot rule itself, my love.\" She let out a deep breath. \"I know,\" she said, kissing his neck once more. \"I suppose that I am being selfish. We have been parted for a month and I want to make up for lost time. I just want you to myself…not to have to share you with Rome.\" Commodus felt his chest ache at hearing her, swearing that he had never heard such lovely words from someone. He could not help himself from feeling this way. He could not help himself from loving the fact that someone loved him. Someone truly adored him for who he was. His sister could barely look at him. His father had never adored him. But Livia was different. Livia was his and she had chosen him. \"Come here,\" Commodus urged, turning around and moving to wrap his arms around her, holding onto her tightly as his arms wound around her waist and flattened on the small of her back. He kissed her slowly and sensually. Pulling back, his nose brushed her. \"Do you know what you do to me when I hear you speak like that?\" \"I hope it makes you feel as I do whenever you talk to me like that,\" Livia said and moved slowly back to kiss him again. \"Loved,\" she answered. … Lucilla had seen her brother exit his chamber, but she had also seen Livia remain in his bed as Commodus told her that he would return soon. Guilt took over Lucilla as she wandered the hallways. It was a moment or two before she came across Gracchus. Looking to him, he caught her eye and nodded his head, urging her to follow him. Moving off to the side, Lucilla made certain that her brother had not spotted her as she wandered off with him and the two of them stood on a balcony. \"Your brother loves Livia, does he not?\" Gracchus asked from her and Lucilla arched a brow. \"A brash greeting, Senator,\" she said and Gracchus smirked as Lucilla allowed her lips to quirk. \"Apologies, my lady,\" he said to her. \"But there are concerns in the Senate over your brother.\" \"What concerns?\" Lucilla enquired. \"We have heard rumours, my lady,\" Gracchus said in a low voice. \"We have heard rumours of what happened in Germania and we are worried.\" \"I see,\" Lucilla said. \"I shall not speak out against the Caesar.\" \"Nor shall we,\" Gracchus said. \"We simply wish to ensure that Rome is in good hands. We understand how your brother can be. Your gentle words calmed him yesterday and he returned to us saying that he would listen to our requests. We suspect that was something to do with Livia.\" \"I suspect it would have been,\" Lucilla said with a firm nod of her head. \"He is besotted with her.\" \"As is she with him,\" Gracchus said. \"However, a time might come where the Emperor stops listening to her. We worry what might happen when that time comes.\" Lucilla closed her eyes for a second and then peered off to the side, looking into the distance. It took her a moment to swallow down the lump in her throat before turning to look to Gracchus again. \"I only pray that time never comes,\" Lucilla admitted to him. \"She keeps him grounded. She keeps him sane. She is what he needs. I see that.\" Gracchus arched his brows and furrowed them together. \"Then why do I sense you are scared for her?\" Lucilla gulped once more. \"Because I know how he can be…I know how he acts…and I have seen him upset her before. I only worry that he might do it again and this time there might be no return.\" Gracchus nodded his head. \"Then what do you suggest we do?\" \"There is nothing that we can do,\" Lucilla said. \"We can simply pray to the Gods that he will make a fine ruler with Livia by his side.\" Gracchus seemed appeared with that answer. He nodded his head and began to walk off, leaving Lucilla alone as she bowed her head and wondered just how she could keep Livia safe should it come to that. … A/N: Do let me know what you think![Chapter 14] Commodus smiled as Livia laughed, unable to stop herself as he kept her in his grip, his hands tickling along her side as he pinned her underneath him in his bed. Her laugh was loud and contagious as she continued her squirming, her hands going to his shoulders to try to push him from her, but she failed as he continued to tease her. It was a few moments later when he stopped, his movements ceasing as his hands remained content simply holding onto her waist, his grip tight as he rested between her parted thighs, her hands moving to stroke through his hair as her laughter died down. \"I could listen to you laugh all day,\" he whispered to her and she scoffed, pushing at his shoulder teasingly and gently. \"Well I could not have you tickle me like that all day,\" she responded to him. \"I would hate to tease you for so long,\" he responded and lowered his lips to hers once more, kissing her slowly before pulling back and moving to rest on his side besides her. Livia rolled onto her side on the bed, propping her head up on her hand as she looked down to him, her other hand going to his bare chest. Her fingers ran along the panes of his chest and stomach as Commodus rested on his back. He moved a hand to her hair, brushing it behind her ear so that he could revel in her blushing. \"When do you have to go?\" she enquired from him. \"I am listening to the finishing preparations of the games today. They begin next week,\" Commodus informed her. \"And I would like you sat by my side, my love…as my wife.\" Livia's eyes widened then. Her hands stilled on his chest as Commodus looked to her. She began smiling then, the grimace gone on her face as she looked down to him. She moved then, her legs slipping either side of him as she sat on his lap. Commodus moved to sit up then, his hands slipping around her waist as their bare chests brushed together. Draping her arms over his neck, she let her fingers dangle down the nape, feeling the wisps of hair. \"Do you mean it?\" she asked of him. \"Commodus, do you mean it?\" \"I would not have said it if I had not meant it,\" he informed her and he felt her shake slightly out of excitement as she moved to kiss him. It was more a brush of teeth due to her constant smile on her face as Commodus also let himself grin widely at the feeling of her. Pulling back after four short kisses, she let her forehead rest against his. \"That does not give us much time,\" she informed him and Commodus shrugged, the back of his hand moving to run down the length of her hair. \"I do not need much time,\" he promised her in a whisper. \"I am the Emperor, remember? I can have you a fine ring for your finger to symbol our engagement…we do not need an engagement party, nor do we need any people there except for ten witnesses. However, you deserve a grand wedding.\" \"But you will be there?\" she asked from him. \"I have heard of husbands not turning up to their own wedding to their wives, but send a letter of intent.\" Commodus shook his head. \"Do you think that I would miss the chance to see you dressed in wedding attire, my love? I want to see you dressed in white with a veil…I assume Lucilla will be your bridesmaid?\" \"I would like that,\" she said with a nod of her head. \"I just…there is no family of mine…my father and mother…it just makes me sad that they cannot see me here.\" \"But they would have been so proud,\" Commodus promised her. \"I can have a sacrifice offered before the wedding and a stunning wedding breakfast. I can also have a seamstress here first thing in the morning to have you a tunic made and a girdle.\" Livia laughed softly and shook her head. \"Commodus, the girdle is used by the bride's mother to signify the bride's purity. I am hardly pure. You have seen to that.\" Commodus saw the cheeky look in her eye as he moved his hands to the small of her back, pressing her body tightly against his as she ran her hands through his hair, stroking it slowly and softly. Commodus moved to press a kiss to her neck. \"Have I truly corrupted you so?\" \"Only because I wanted you to,\" she responded. \"But I want to marry you.\" \"Then it shall be done,\" Commodus promised her. … Lucilla could hardly believe that her brother had rushed ahead with this wedding. He had invited ten witnesses, as was tradition, but he had no one else invited. While he had wanted a large and lavish ceremony to show off his new bride, Livia had said that she wanted a quiet wedding and Commodus had agreed. It had been anything that she had wanted. \"None of this is traditional,\" Livia complained to Lucilla the night before she was due to wed Commodus. Her tunic was laid out on her bed and she was sat at her vanity, pulling a comb through her hair as she turned to look to Lucilla, her eyes wide as Lucilla perched at the end of her bed, a brow arched on her forehead. \"How so?\" \"I have no family, Lucilla,\" Livia said. \"The ceremony is usually at the home of the bride's parents and my only home that I have known is here.\" \"Commodus has the ceremony taking place in the atrium,\" Lucilla said to her. \"He wants to ensure that everything is perfect. He will see to that.\" \"I have no father to be with me…I just…I feel that…it is only now when I feel as though I really miss my mother and father. Of course, I think about them every day, but I wish that they were here. I wish that they could see me marrying Commodus.\" Lucilla gulped. A part of her felt sorry for Livia, but a part of her felt as though her parents would be distraught if they knew the truth. However, if they knew, would they be able to stop their daughter? Would they have dared to go against the Emperor? Lucilla knew what he was capable of and she hated to admit that she was scared of her brother. She only wondered if anyone else was scared of him. \"I know,\" was all that Lucilla could offer her. \"But how did you feel when you were to be married?\" Livia asked. \"Did you feel nervous?\" \"Of course,\" Lucilla said with a smile, remembering her belated husband. She remembered him fondly. Lucius Verus had been nothing but kind and adoring to her. It was true that her heart belonged to another. It always had. But there was nothing between her and Maximus. They had both moved on and married. They had been young when their friendship had become something more romantic, yet both of them had no option to explore it. \"How did you cope?\" Lucilla shrugged and moved to her feet, taking hold of the brush from Livia as she ran it down the girl's soft curls which seemed to have lightened in the sun. Livia looked straight ahead and outside the balcony, her eyes wide as she allowed Lucilla to brush her hair and tie it into an intricate plait. \"I do not think that I coped entirely well,\" Lucilla admitted. \"I loved my husband, of course, but when we were wed I…well…you know how I felt.\" Livia had only been young when Lucilla had wed her husband, but she could always remember Maximus. The General had made quite an impression on Lucilla. \"Whatever happened to Maximus?\" Livia wondered. \"I can only vaguely remember him, Lucilla. He was always kind to me. I was only a child back then.\" Lucilla let her lips quirk as her eyes threatened to spill with tears. She didn't know how she could tell Livia the truth. Her brother had sent for Maximus to be killed. He had done that. The vicious Emperor had demanded for Maximus to be murdered because he knew the truth. What would he do to Lucilla if Livia knew the truth? Would he harm her? Would he harm her son? Or, the Gods forbid, would he harm Livia? \"He fought alongside my father, but I have…well…I saw him at the camp, but I did not see him again. Our relationship happened many years ago, Livia.\" \"But did you love him?\" she enquired, turning her head over her shoulder to look to Lucilla. \"I…I do not know,\" Lucilla said with a shake of her head. \"Our time together was cut short before we could explore our feelings.\" \"I see,\" was all that Livia culd say in response to that. She remained silent for a few seconds as Lucilla perched down next to her, a hand moving to the young woman's cheek and cradling it gently as she saw nervousness in her gaze. \"Do you want this?\" Lucilla enquired from her. \"Do you want to wed my brother?\" Truth be known, Lucilla did not know what she could do if the girl said no. She doubted she would be able to stop the wedding. She was already on the edge of playing a dangerous game with her brother. She had finally seen him for what he was, but Livia was still blinded by him. She was still besotted with him. \"I love Commodus,\" Livia said with a nod of her head. \"I am just nervous, Lucilla. He is the Emperor and I am to be his wife. I never thought that I would be the wife of an Emperor. I am scared about everything that comes with marrying him…the expectations…people looking at me…whispering and gossiping…I will accept all of it if it means that I can be with Commodus, but it does not make me any less nervous.\" Lucilla nodded, seeming to understand what she was saying. She was worried about what people would think of her and not her feelings for Commodus. Lucilla chewed down on her lip and moved to embrace Livia, holding her in her arms as she took hold of her. Keeping hold of her tightly, she longed to be able to protect the girl from Commodus. She longed to keep her wrapped up in her arms and save her. But she did not possess that power. Commodus was the one who held everything now. … Commodus waited with patience the following morning. He had dressed in all white, his tunic and armour fitting of an Emperor. His crown adorned his head as he wore his rings on his fingers. He had been waiting in the atrium patiently, his nephew seated alongside the ten witnesses, including Senator Gracchus, Gaius and Falco. There were other Senators there, but Commodus had refused to let the entire Senate join him for this wedding. While he had longed for a grand affair, his bride to be had been less keen. She had pleaded for a quiet wedding and she had urged Commodus to agree. He had done. He had sacrificed an animal, as tradition stated, opting for a pig, and the omens had shone down on him. He wondered if the man reading the omens dared to question them to the Emperor. Yet Commodus did not care. He waited with patience for Livia to make her appearance known. Lucilla had agreed to be a bridesmaid and she had walked into the atrium, her arm tucked into Livia's. Commodus felt his breathing falter at the sight of her. Dressed in pure white, her veil covered her face and trailed down to the floor. Her hair was pulled up in a customary manner while some white flowers hung in it. No doubt Lucilla had helped her pull them from the garden that morning. Commodus himself could not quite believe the vision walking towards him. Standing in front of the priest, she turned to look to Commodus, smiling softly as he longed to take her hand and be bound together. Instead he simply had to settle on speaking to her. \"You look radiant, my love,\" he whispered and he saw her cheeks blush. Livia could only remain silent as she waited. The prise began by ordering evil spirits to leave before asking the spirits for heir blessing of the union. Livia could hardly listen to him as she kept her eyes on Commodus. He looked besotted and she couldn't help but feel her chest heave at the thought that he was besotted with her. When it came to giving her hand to Commodus, Lucilla stepped forwards. Holding tightly onto Livia's fingers, she leant in and kissed her tenderly on the cheek before looking to her brother. Commodus moved his eyes reluctantly onto her, his eyes shining with something other than power. He looked genuinely happy. Lucilla moved slowly, knowing that once she had given Livia's hand to Commodus they would be wed by law. Gulping loudly, she moved and finally let Livia's hand rest in Commodus's. Stepping back, she watched as Livia told Commodus that she would be his wife, wherever he was. And then it was over. Commodus moved slowly, his large hands pulling up the veil and removing it from her face, placing it behind her head instead. Freeing up her skin to him, he moved his hands to cover her cheeks and leant forwards, bending slightly to place his lips over hers. Kissing her softly, Lucilla heard a few claps before she wondered just what she had allowed to happen. … Livia had sat through the marriage ceremony after the witnesses had signed the marriage contract. She had kept her hand inside of Commodus's, unable to get used to the feeling of the iron ring which sat around her finger. Looking to Commodus, she would often move to peck him on the cheek and he gladly accepted her affection. Only when she had yawned softly into her hand did Commodus insist on taking her to his chamber, but this time there was no reason for her to feel ashamed. She did not back away from him, nor did she insist on them not being seen together. With two men guarding the door, Commodus closed it behind him before moving to his wife. Kissing her slowly and sensually, he moved his hand to the nape of her neck while his other hand went to her waist, tugging her body tightly against his own. \"My wife,\" he whispered once he had pulled back from her, looking her in the eye as he continued to smirk. \"My beautiful wife.\" Livia laughed at hearing that, shaking her head as a hand went to his chest, her palm pressing flat against it as she moved forwards and kissed him on the lips again. \"And you are my husband,\" she said. \"Do you think we will ever get used to saying that?\" Twirling her underneath his arm, Commodus heard her laugh loudly again as he kept her back pressed to his chest harshly, refusing to let her go as he bent down and kissed her neck, hearing her moan softly. He tried his best to push the veil out of his way as it kept hitting his cheek, but he was failing miserably. Muttering in a small voice, he felt her fingers lace into his against her stomach. \"How do I get this wretched thing off?\" Commodus enquired, frustration in his voice as Livia continued to laugh and turned around. Moving to kiss him, she let her lips press against his a couple of times. \"It is fixed into my hair. Give me a few minutes.\" Commodus watched her move to sit down at the vanity he had instructed to be brought into his chamber for his new wife alongside all of her belongings. His chamber was now mixed with items from both of them and Commodus adored it. While it was often customary for husband and wife to maintain separate chambers sometimes, he did not want that for him and Livia. He wanted to share her bed every night. \"I trust you are happy,\" Commodus said to her as he began to unstrap his armour from his body, throwing it into a chair in the corner of the room. He did not care for neatness this evening. \"Happier than I have ever been,\" Livia promised him as she fiddled with the pins in her hair, wincing slightly as she tugged them out and her hair fell in clumps down her shoulders. \"And you?\" \"Do you truly need to ask?\" Commodus wondered from her. He remained in his simple tunic as he went to lounge on the bed and wait for her. She slowly managed to pull the veil from her head along with the flowers. Commodus watched her saunter to the bed and collapse onto the side of it. Closing her eyes, she rested her head by his shoulder as he wrapped an arm around her shoulders. \"You are not tired, are you, my love?\" he asked from her. She smirked and patted his chest. \"I did not sleep much last night,\" she admitted. \"I was nervous.\" \"About what, sweetling?\" \"Today,\" Livia said. \"Not about marrying you, of course, but…just…what people might think of you marrying an orphan like me…someone beneath you. Lucilla managed to speak with me though. She managed to calm me. I asked her how she had felt before she had been married.\" \"And what did she say?\" Commodus wondered, his hand stroking her hair slowly and softly against his fingertips as her arm draped over his waist. \"She told me she too was nervous,\" she said with a nod of her head. \"But then we spoke about other things and I asked her about Maximus.\" Commodus froze then, his hand stilling against her hair as she propped herself up to look to him. He tried to keep his gaze soft, not wanting to think of the General he had ordered to be executed. How did he tell his wife that he had made sure Maximus did not return home? How did he tell her that? He did not wish to. He did not want to discuss Maximus on his wedding night. \"That was such a long time ago,\" Commodus managed to say with a slightly nervous laugh, wondering if she had picked up on it. If she had, then she said nothing. \"Lucilla married and she had been happy with her husband. Regardless, it is our wedding night, Livia. All that I wish to think of is you.\" Livia smiled softly at hearing him and moved to kiss him again. Nodding her head, she seemed to understand what he was saying as she felt his hand cup her cheek. \"I love you,\" she whispered as her lips brushed his. \"Never forget that.\" \"And I you, my love,\" he said in a whisper. … Livia awoke the next morning feeling nothing but elation. She had spent the evening sleeping and indulging her husband. She still felt odd calling him her husband. She had awoken in his arms and found that he was still sleeping peacefully. Rolling over to face him, she had bit down on her lip as she contemplated waking him and insisting that they indulge in each other once more before they had to break their fast. Just as her hands found and brushed his bare chest, she felt a sense of nausea pass through her. Pressing a hand to her mouth, she moved from the bed, grateful that Caesar had his own toilet in an adjoining room. Grabbing her robe on the way, she flung it over her body as she went. Rushing to it, she fell to her knees as she allowed herself to be ill, wondering what was happening. She began to sob, unable to stop herself as she emptied the contents of her stomach. It took only a few minutes before Commodus was behind her, fixing a tunic on his body. Kneeling down on the floor behind her, Commodus reached for her hair, tugging it behind her shoulders. \"My love, what is it?\" he demanded from her, his voice full of concern as she continued to bend over the marble toilet, tears down her cheeks. \"Livia…sweetling…are you ill?\" Livia coughed and wiped her mouth with the back of her hand. She collapsed back onto her heels and rubbed her eyes. Looking to Commodus, she shook her head. \"I am well,\" she assured him in a small voice. \"I just felt ill.\" \"I shall send for the best doctor Rome has to offer,\" Commodus said to her. \"No…\" Livia said, moving to grip onto his forearms as he took hold of her arms too. \"I feel well now, Commodus. I wonder if it was something I ate at the feast last night. I feel well.\" \"Livia,\" Commodus spoke in an urging tone. \"No,\" she said with a shake of her head. \"Just let me return to bed. I shall be well.\" Commodus sighed, but nodded. He moved to his feet and hauled his wife to stand with him. Wrapping an arm around her waist, Commodus knocked her feet from under her, cradling her against him as he carried her back to the bed. \"I can walk,\" Livia complained to him. \"At least humour me somewhat,\" Commodus urged from her and laid her back down, allowing her head to rest on the pillow. He pulled the sheet back up to her neck and perched on the side of the bed. Moving a hand to her forehead, he let his fingers brush over it. \"You are warm,\" he commented. \"I am fine,\" she spoke again. \"Just let me sleep and allow this nausea to pass. You…go and break your fast…I am certain you will have business to attend to with the Senate.\" \"The Senate can wait,\" Commodus informed her and moved to sit next to her on the bed. He remained sat up as she laid down. \"I will wait her to make certain you are well, my love.\" \"Commodus-\" \"-Do not protest,\" he demanded from her. \"Now rest. I will be here when you wake.\" It didn't take her long to drift back to sleep, her hand reaching out to hold his against his thigh as her eyes closed and her breathing turned shallower. Commodus continued to watch her sleep, his mind going back to their conversation the previous night. He let his thoughts return to Maximus as he swore to do everything in his power to never let the Spaniard be remembered again. … A/N: Quite a long chapter. Do let me know what you think![Chapter 15] Livia watched on as Commodus finished readying himself for the day a week later. She was still in bed, her hands on her stomach as she watched him place his rings onto his fingers. He was dressed in his purple and black armour, his crown adoring his head. Looking to his wife in the bed, she remained in her white nightgown. Her hair was pulled on the top of her head and Commodus saw the arch of her neck as she leaned her head back and her lips parted slightly as a gasp escaped her. \"What is it?\" Commodus asked from her. \"Do you feel ill again?\" \"Slightly,\" she said to him as she sat up straight again and Commodus moved to kneel by her side, taking hold of hand into is as he stroked his thumb over her knuckles. \"I will be fine by lunch, Commodus.\" \"I wish that you would allow me to send for a doctor,\" Commodus said to her. \"This is the second time in a week you have been ill. I think that I should send for a doctor.\" \"Perhaps,\" Livia said with a nod of her head and Commodus's eyes widened as he saw her begin to relent to his insistence. What he didn't know was that she had been ill most mornings and she had hid it from Commodus. He had found himself deep in sleep most mornings, too tired from preparing for the games. \"Then it shall be done,\" Commodus said to her. \"Do it after the games,\" she said and Commodus shook his head, moving to kiss the back of her hand. \"Commodus, I do not wish you to miss them. You insisted on holding these games because you wanted to honour your father. You cannot miss the first day.\" \"When it comes to your health, I am willing to miss anything,\" Commodus said and Livia rolled her eyes at hearing him. She moved with haste, leaning forwards and draping her arms around his neck. She moved to kiss him, the sense of sickness passing as she pressed her lips to his. She pulled back after a moment, her forehead pressing against his. \"Commodus, I am just feeling unwell,\" she promised him. \"I am just seeing a doctor to appease you because I know how you worry. Please just go and I will make certain that I tell you what is wrong when you return.\" \"I would prefer to stay,\" Commodus said. Livia hummed gently as she bent down to kiss him on the lips again. \"And I would prefer for you to stay, however you are the Emperor and you have duties and responsibilities. You need to go before I find a way to get you back into this bed and forget about any illness.\" Commodus smirked at hearing her and nodded his head. He moved to kiss her slowly, his hand moving to cup her cheek before he pulled back. Looking her in the eye, Commodus continued to smirk, his lips seemingly unable to fall into a firm line. It was somewhat contagious, if she had to be completely honest. Bending down, she nuzzled her nose against his as he remained crouched by the bedside. \"Go,\" she urged from him. Commodus nodded again and kissed her one final time before standing up. \"I shall return soon,\" he promised her. \"Do not strain yourself, my love. Get some rest.\" \"I fully intend to,\" Livia promised him as she watched him move to the door. Only once she had been certain that he had gone did she move with haste, her stomach churning once more. Rushing to the toilet, she emptied the contents of her stomach as she moved a hand to rest on it. Looking down, she spat the final bit out of her mouth before moving to her feet. Walking to the bowl, she poured water from the jug into it. She splashed her face with water before she heard the door open again. She moved with haste back to the room and saw Lucilla enter the chamber. She let out a sigh of relief at the sight of her. Lucilla closed the door and saw that Livia was sweating, her forehead covered in beads of it. However, her cheeks seemed rather pale. Lucilla looked concerned before moving with haste towards her and running her hands over her upper arms. \"Livia, what is it?\" she urged from her. \"What is happening?\" \"I…Lucilla…\" Livia said, her voice slightly breaking as she watched Lucilla watch her with worry. \"I have not bled in over two months.\" \"Livia,\" Lucilla spoke her name in a shocked whisper, her eyes widened as she understood what the young woman was telling her. It was then when she shook her head. This could not be. \"You cannot be…\" \"I think that I am.\" Livia responded in a whisper. \"I think that I am.\" … The doctor confirmed what Livia had suspected. Lucilla had stayed in the chamber with her as the doctor nodded. He had checked her over, noticing how her breasts seemed sensitive and she had admitted they were slightly larger. She told him her symptoms and he had agreed that she had to be pregnant. But then he had looked at her, knowing full well that she was married only a week ago and pregnant already and displaying symptoms. How was that possible? She had lost her virtue a week ago. But then he thought about it and looked at her as Lucilla sat down next to her. She was not virtuous when she met the Emperor. He had heard the rumours of their relationship, but then he remembered what he had heard. The two of them had been close. Had she laid in his bed besides their marriage? People would most certainly whisper about that. Leaving the chamber, the doctor left Livia and Lucilla alone. Looking to Lucilla as she adjusted her nightgown on her shoulder, she looked to Lucilla, tears falling down her cheek. Lucilla moved a hand out to stroke the soft skin there, wiping the tears away as she nodded, seeming to understand Livia's worries without the girl needing to express them. \"I married Commodus last week,\" Livia whispered. \"I cannot be pregnant just yet. I cannot be pregnant and showing symptoms…I must be over seven weeks pregnant…\" \"You must be,\" Lucilla said. \"I assume it is a result of that night before we travelled to Germania when he took your virtue from you.\" \"I gave him my virtue,\" Livia said, not entirely appreciating Lucilla's tone. \"We both decided to be intimate. We made that decision, but I never thought that this would happen. People will know, Lucilla. People will know that I am pregnant and that I was pregnant before we were married. What will they say? They will think me nothing but a whore. And when they question the father?\" Lucilla moved then, wrapping her arms around Livia and holding her tightly. Livia burrowed against the older woman's side as she ran her hands to hold onto her arms. Lucilla shook her head. \"Commodus would never abandon you.\" There were some things that Lucilla did not understand about her brother, but she knew that his love for Livia was the one thing she did understand. Well, she wasn't entirely certain if it was love, but Commodus cared enough not to abandon her or question her. \"But I do not wish to embarrass him,\" Livia said with haste. \"I am already an orphan. I am already considered beneath him and now I am pregnant. I am pregnant and I will ruin him.\" \"Never,\" Lucilla said with a shake of her head. \"Commodus will never feel like that about you. He loves you.\" \"And I love him,\" Livia said. \"I just do not know what is going to happen.\" … Commodus entered his chamber with his nephew in tow. He had seen Lucilla on his way to the games and she had told him she would be along shortly after checking on Livia. Lucius had gone with Commodus to the games and the two of them had enjoyed them, but Lucilla had never turned up. She had never gone to the Coliseum. Instead he had found her with Livia. Opening the door to the chamber, Lucius rushed to his mother's side, jumping onto the bed as Lucilla caught him. \"Mother, I saw the gladiators fight in the battle-\" \"-You can tell me in a moment,\" Lucilla interrupted her son and moved to take hold of her son in his arms. She climbed down from the bed as Commodus saw his wife in bed, her legs tucked up to her chest as she looked to him. \"Your uncle needs to speak with your aunt.\" \"Is something wrong, Livia?\" Lucius worried and Livia turned her gaze to him, trying to compose herself as she smiled and shook her head. \"No,\" she said to him. \"Everything is fine, darling.\" Lucius didn't look convinced, but Lucilla was already dragging him by the hand and out of the chamber. She closed the door as Commodus looked to his wife and saw her begin to cry. He moved with haste, fear taking hold of him as he grabbed hold of her cheeks and cradled them in his fingertips. He wiped her tears away with his thumbs. \"What is it?\" Commodus asked, voice full of worry. \"What did the doctor say?\" \"I am so sorry, Commodus,\" she said, grasping at him, her hands on his wrists. \"Commodus, please do not be ashamed of me. Please do not do that.\" \"Livia, why in the name of the Gods would I be ashamed?\" Commodus worried, his eyes searching her face. \"What is it? Just talk to me.\" \"I…Commodus…I am pregnant.\" Commodus struggled to comprehend what he was hearing then. He watched on as his wife continued to sob. He bit down on his tongue as his eyes moved down to her stomach. She was pregnant. She was pregnant with his child. But why was she crying? She was going to provide him with an heir. She was going to give her the heir to the Empire. This was not the time for tears. \"You are pregnant,\" Commodus echoed. \"Livia, you are carrying our child.\" \"No,\" Livia said and Commodus felt his lips fall. \"It is not our child?\" he asked and Livia shook her head. \"Commodus, of course it is,\" she said to him. \"But we were only married a week ago, Commodus. We married one week ago and I am already pregnant and displaying symptoms. That is too soon…people will know…they will know that I was pregnant before we were married.\" Commodus seemed to comprehend what she was saying then. Clinging onto him, she held tightly to him as Commodus watched her. Desperation was evident in her voice as her fingers wrapped over his shoulders near his neck where she could find his bare skin. \"I am sorry,\" she said to him. \"Commodus, I am so sorry. I never meant for any of this. I never meant to bring shame to you. I never wanted that.\" \"Why would you have done that?\" Commodus asked, unable to listen as his wife sounded so distraught. \"Livia, you have brought no shame on me. Let people whisper and talk, but I know that this child is ours. I know that and should I hear anyone ask or question otherwise then they shall suffer.\" \"Commodus, you cannot punish people for knowing the truth.\" \"I can punish them if they dare to say anything derogatory about you. I would do anything to keep you safe. I would do anything for you.\" \"And I know that,\" Livia said to him, moving closer to him as she let her front brush up against his. \"But I do not want it. I want you to be happy. I want you to promise me that you are not mad with me.\" \"Livia,\" Commodus sighed her name. \"How could I possibly be mad?\" \"Because of everything I just told you.\" \"Livia,\" Commodus said, his voice stern as he ran his hands over her cheeks. \"There can be no anger inside of me right now. You are pregnant. You are my wife and you are pregnant with our child. We shall keep this news to ourselves until we are ready to share it, but Rome will rejoice. Rome will rejoice for its future heir.\" Commodus moved a hand to her stomach, stroking it softly as the nightgown bunched around her stomach. Livia looked down and watched him, sniffing as the tears stopped falling. She dared to let her lips arch as Commodus moved her to lay on her back. She propped herself onto her elbows as she watched him move to lay down so that he was able to kiss her stomach. \"Commodus,\" she smiled his name and he kissed her stomach again before he let his lips trail upwards and towards her neck before he kissed her lips firmly and squarely. \"I love you.\" \"And I love you,\" Commodus said. \"And this child will love us…\" \"Thank you,\" Livia said, reaching for his chin to bring his lips back to hers. \"Thank you.\" … Lucilla had watched her brother over the coming weeks and she saw how he looked at Livia. His wife had attended a few of the games with him, but she had been ill many mornings, suffering dearly with pregnancy. Commodus would often find his hand wandering to her stomach, almost as though he was wondering how it could be possible. Of course, that didn't stop his world from tumbling down when he discovered that the man he had wanted dead so badly was still alive. … A/N: We're heading into the movie now. Thanks to everyone for reading and reviewing. I hope you will let me know what you think![Chapter 16] Commodus could scarcely believe what he was witnessing. A month had passed since he had learned of his wife's pregnancy and he had slowly, but surely, seen a change in her body. Whenever they spent their evenings tangled up in each other, he noted how her breasts seemed larger and she complained about how they ached. Her stomach had swollen slightly, protruding from her body. Her attempts to keep it hidden involved stola's that were slightly baggy on her and not as form fitting and most certainly not with a belt around them. Her mornings had predominately been spent hunched over a toilet, Commodus behind her and rubbing her back as he tried to soothe her. Livia knew how her husband had been protective, but since she had become pregnant he had become much more protective. It was only on the morning of the fiftieth day of the games did Livia promise him that she was well enough to attned. Commodus had insisted on adorning her with fine jewellery now that she was his wife. She was an Empress now, his consort. She should dress the part. She had complained and insisted that she was fine. Sitting at the end of the bed as she adjusted her light blue stola on her form, she saw her husband finishing placing his rings onto his fingers. \"I only need one ring and that is the one you gave to me,\" she promised him, moving to her feet and kissing him on the cheek. \"Besides, it is the one that shows people that we are together…that I am now yours.\" Commodus chuckled at her comments. Moving a hand to her cheek, he stroked it softly. \"Oh, my darling Livia,\" he cooed. \"How I love nothing more than listening to you and your declarations of affection. I should have them written down so that I could remember them.\" Livia snorted then. \"I would hardly wish to read them back,\" she said to him. \"Besides, the entire point of being romantic is being able to be spontaneous.\" \"Is it now?\" Commodus wondered from her as she moved her hands to the top of his head, smoothing down his hair from the band of gold he had worn ruined it. She let her fingers knot into his smooth locks as he cupped hold of her waist, his hands struggling to encircle it with thanks to her bump. \"Well, my love, I shall have to attempt to be more spontaneous.\" \"Oh, I think we have been spontaneous enough for the time being,\" she said in a teasing voice, her hand moving down to take hold of his and place it over her stomach. \"Look at what our spontaneity created.\" \"Then I hope for many further outbursts,\" he commented and Livia laughed. \"Is one child not enough for you?\" \"I would like more,\" Commodus said, well aware that they had to go. Moving to take hold of her hand, he walked with her by his side as they left the safety of their chambers, his guard following them and keeping silent as they continued their conversation. \"Have you not thought of how many children you want?\" \"Commodus, this one was enough of a shock,\" she said to him. \"Can we just be content with one before we attempt to have anymore? Besides, I do not know if I could handle the sickness again. It has been terrible enough with this one.\" \"I know,\" Commodus said to her. \"Then let us discuss it at another point. For now, let us enjoy the day.\" Squeezing his hand, she looked up to him and pecked him on the cheek as they continued to walk side by side. … Livia had seen the Coliseum often. She would stand on the balcony and look onto it from the distance, but only once she was walking up to it did she realise the exuberance of it. The crowds were already in and waiting, loud cheers erupting from the arena. Livia had her hand inside of her husbands as they went in through their own entrance, safely guarded. Lucilla and Lucius walked behind them as the banging of the drums echoed around alongside horns, signifying that Caesar had arrived. Entering their own private and decadent section, Livia was grateful for the shade as her husband kept hold of her hand, his free hand rising into the air to wave to the crowds as chants of Caesar echoed through the Coliseum. Standing tightly by his side, Livia looked around, realising just how much power her husband truly had. He was Emperor. Livia had been locked away in her chambers, too ill with the early signs of pregnancy to acknowledge the true power that Commodus now had. When she was alone with him, he was simply Commodus to her. He was the young man she had fallen in love with. He was not the man who ruled an Empire. She felt her grip grow on his fingers then, everything seeming to be slightly overwhelming as she gulped and wondered what the people thought of them both. \"Are you well, my love?\" Commodus asked at her sudden vice like grip, looking down to her as she nodded up to him. \"Very good.\" It was then when he lowered his head and kissed her chastely, much to the applause of the crowd. Livia blushed as he smirked, brushing her hair behind her ear before he returned to his acknowledgement of the people. Lucius stood at the front near Livia as she looked down to the young boy. Quintus loitered in the corner before Livia heard the gladiators from beneath chant. \"We who are about to die, salute you!\" Commodus offered them a hand in appreciation before moving to take his seat. Livia sat down in the seat next to him as Cassius began to roar theatrically, informing the crowd exactly what the battle would be. Livia listened as he said it would the Battle of Zama before she saw Commodus's hand move towards her. Smiling across to him, she laced her fingers through his, resting them on the arm in between their chairs after he had kissed the back of her hand. \"You will tell me if you feel ill, will you not?\" Commodus urged from her in a small whisper. \"Of course,\" she told him as Lucilla remained seated in front of them. \"Very well,\" Commodus said, squeezing her fingertips as she looked around the Coliseum, letting out a deep breath before she heard the gates open and the sound of horse hooves. Livia looked on as the legionnaires entered the arena and the bloodshed commenced. Livia watched on, knowing that this was what constituted as sport, but she hated to admit that she did not care of it, just as Marcus Aurelis had not cared for it. But her husband had spoken. The games were sacred and they were there to honour his father. She could only accept it. She looked anywhere but the bloodshed, her gaze wandering to Lucius as he seemed to enjoy what was happening. The crowds roars and cheers whenever something particularly entertaining happened were enough to make Livia wonder how Commodus could have gotten it so right. The people loved this. So long as the people loved something then he was happy. At the sight of a decapitation, Livia squeezed Commodus's hand to gain his attention. Turning to her, he noted a bead of sweat drop down her forehead and he moved his free hand to her cheek. \"Are you well, my love?\" he asked from her. \"I am just thirsty,\" Livia said. \"Could I have water?\" \"Of course,\" Commodus spoke and a serving girl brought her a cup of water. She sipped on it as she saw her husband grow overly excited at the sight of a crash of a chariot against the wall. He jumped from his seat and rushed down to get a better view as Lucilla turned to look to Livia. Offering her a small nod, Livia nodded back, insisting that she was well. Commodus returned to his seat after a moment, looking impassive as he picked her free hand back up. \"Is that better?\" he asked as he saw her drink the water. \"Much,\" she smiled at him, lying through her teeth as he went back to watching the games. Livia didn't know when she had grown interested, but she suspected it was when she saw that the gladiators were besting the legionnaires. Frowning, she looked to her husband as she saw him sit there with a snarl on his face after seeing someone suffer a gruesome injury. \"My love,\" she spoke to him. \"Are the legionnaires not supposed to win?\" \"Cassius,\" Commodus called over the man and he stood by their side. \"My wife's history, alongside mine, is a little hazy. But I do not think that this is the way the battle is supposed to have gone, is it?\" \"No, sire…apologies.\" The man said and Livia almost rolled her eyes. Why was he apologising? \"On the contrary,\" Commodus held a hand up. \"I quite enjoy surprises. I wish to go down and meet them.\" \"Of course, sire,\" Cassius said. \"Are you certain that is wise?\" \"I have my Praetorian Guard, Livia. I shall be fine. Besides, an Emperor should congratulate unlikely heroes.\" Livia said nothing further as she watched him rise to his feet and move away. Lucilla moved then, coming to stand next to the seat that her sister in law occupied. Moving a hand to Livia's shoulder, she felt sweat at the nape of her neck and sighed. \"Livia, you are still unwell,\" Lucilla scolded her as the two women heard the cheers once the Caesar entered the arena. \"I am fine,\" she promised her. \"I am just warm and feel slightly nauseous. It shall pass.\" Lucilla didn't gain a chance to argue any further as they watched Commodus enter the arena, moving towards the gladiators. He acknowledged the crowd once more with a wave as Livia moved to her feet and looked down on the sight. Lucilla stood next to her. \"Mother, can I go down to uncle?\" \"Be careful,\" Lucilla urged, but Lucius was already running down. He stood in front of Commodus as the gladiator rose to his feet. Livia wondered what her husband was saying as she saw the gladiator turn his back on her husband and her mouth gaped. Did he not know how disrespectful that was? Commodus seemed to anger then as he moved Lucius to his side and the gladiator finally removed his helmet. Lucilla grabbed hold of Livia's arm as she saw his face, her mouth gaping as she struggled to hear what was being said. But she saw who the gladiator was. She saw his face clear as day and she saw the fear in her brother's eye. Livia's brows furrowed as she squinted against the sun. \"Is that…\" she trailed off. \"Maximus,\" Lucilla spoke his name longingly. \"How is he here?\" Livia wondered. \"Commodus said that the last time he had seen him was at camp.\" Lucilla said nothing, preferring to let her brother worm his way out of his own lie. It was then when Commodus's Praetorian Guard assembled around him, their swords pulled out and ready. Lucilla increased her grip on Livia as Commodus turned his head over his shoulder, his gaze catching his wife as she struggled to comprehend what was happening. Chants of live surrounded the arena and Livia frowned as Commodus urged the crowd to settle down and be quiet. Moving his hand and making a fist in front of him, they waited with bated breath before he held his thumbs up, indicating that Maximus would live. He stormed from the arena then, anger evident on his face as Livia saw one of the guards look to her. \"My lady,\" he spoke. \"Your husband has demanded we return you safely.\" Nodding, Livia let go of Lucilla and walked forwards, wondering what in the name of the Gods was happening. … \"Commodus,\" Livia sighed her husband's name as she found him on the balcony of their chambers. \"Where did you go after the battle? I thought that you were going to wait for me.\" \"And I was, but something came up.\" \"Like Maximus being a slave?\" Livia enquired from her husband. \"Commodus, how did he end up in that position?\" \"That, I do not know,\" Commodus said to her. \"Then why did you not free him?\" she asked from him and Commodus let out a deep sigh and turned to look to his wife as she stood by the net curtain to their chamber. He saw her arm was folded over her waist while her other hand dangled down by her side. Commodus held his hand out to her, waiting for her expectantly. Moving towards him, her hand wrapped into his as she felt him draw her closer. He sighed and then looked her in the eye. \"I had hoped to keep this from you,\" he told her in a gentle whisper. \"I did not wish for you to find out.\" \"Keep what from me?\" she enquired. \"Back in Germania…I had been given no other option but to order for Maximus to be killed,\" Commodus said and Livia's mouth dropped open and her eyes widened as Commodus kept his hand inside of hers, refusing to drop it from his grip and give her the chance to run. \"I asked him to swear his fealty to me, but he refused. He refused because he…because he claimed that my father wanted him as Emperor…he wanted him to rule until the Senate could take control.\" \"I do not understand,\" Livia whispered. \"Is that what he wanted?\" \"Of course not,\" Commodus spoke. \"He told me as much before he died. I fear that Maximus has turned quite power hungry. I had no other option, my love. I did what I had to…for us…for Rome…\" Livia felt her throat clench as she exhaled a shaky breath. \"That just does not sound like Maximus.\" \"Do you doubt me?\" Commodus asked and she shook her head without a second thought, squeezing hold of his hand. \"Of course not,\" she said with haste. \"Commodus, I never doubt you, but that does not sound like Maximus. I always remember him…he was always nice to me…he would entertain me and let me watch him train…I just…I cannot believe this.\" \"People change, my love,\" Commodus whispered out to her and she nodded. \"Maximus is no longer the brother I once thought he might have been.\" \"I see that,\" she responded. \"But if you ordered for him to be executed, how is here?\" \"That is precisely what I intend to find out,\" Commodus promised her. \"I do not wish to see an uprising. I do not wish to see Maximus ruin me.\" \"He shall not,\" Livia assured her husband. \"But I wish that you would have told me the truth. I had thought that we did not keep secrets from each other.\" \"I was only trying to protect you,\" Commodus promised her. \"I know,\" she said with a nod. \"But, please, do not hide things.\" \"Duly noted,\" Commodus said with a nod of his head and leant forwards to press his lips to hers, his hand moving to her stomach and his fingers splaying over it as he looked her in the eye. \"I will do anything to protect you and our child, Livia…anything…\" There was an edge to his voice which made Livia look at him, wondering what was going through his mind as she nodded her head. She couldn't put her finger on it, but he was almost talking like he had done the day he had come to her in the gardens. He sounded possessive. He sounded determined. But, worryingly, he sounded angry. Livia tried to soothe him as she took hold of his hands in hers and leant forwards, kissing him hungrily on the lips as she wondered just what was going through his mind. … A/N: Do let me know what you think![Chapter 17] Lucilla knew that she was risking everything as she snuck out in the dead of the night. But she had to see him. She had to know that he was safe. She had to know what was happening. As she stepped closer to him, she lowered the hood from her cloak as she saw him. He was still dressed in the attire he had fought in, his arms chained behind him. His armour had been taken from him, however. He was being guarded and Lucilla understood full well that he was a slave. His eyes looked up as soon as he saw her and he began moving forwards. \"I had thought that your brother would send assassins,\" he spoke in a dark voice, the anger clear in his tone. \"I never thought that he would send his best.\" He could only move so close to her before the chain restricted him. \"Maximus, he does not know that I am here,\" she responded to him. \"My family was burned and crucified while they were still alive,\" Maximus spoke in a harsh voice. \"I didn't know,\" Lucilla said, shame creeping into her voice as Maximus continued to glare at her. \"Don't lie to me,\" he spat, the rage clear in his voice. He turned away for a second and Lucilla stepped forwards, wanting to make it better. She wanted to ease his suffering, but she had no idea how she could do it. \"I weep for them,\" she said, but she knew it was the wrong thing as his hand shot out and grabbed hold of her neck, his grip not too tight, but too threatening as he turned his dark stare towards her and she saw the shell of a man she had once known. He was broken. \"Like you weep for your father?\" he demanded of her. \"Do you think that I can openly weep for him?\" Lucilla demanded from him. \"I have been living as a prisoner of fear since that day. To be unable to mourn your father because you fear what your brother might do to your loved ones…to live in terror everyday that he will turn on you because you have said the wrong thing…I have a son to protect.\" \"My son was innocent,\" Maximus hissed. \"As is mine,\" Lucilla responded and Maximus dropped his hand from her throat. \"Why did you come?\" Maximus demanded from her. \"Because I know that you seek revenge on Commodus,\" Lucilla spoke. \"I have a man in the Senate who does not trust my brother. You have the crowd in the arena, Maximus. You have the power to help us destroy Commodus.\" \"Have you forgotten?\" Maximus hissed at her. \"I am a slave. I hold no power. Why not have your man in the Senate kill Commodus?\" Lucilla stepped back then, knowing that she would not be able to stop her brother on her own or with the help of Gracchus. She needed Maximus, but she did not know how she could get him to understand. She did not know if it was possible. It took another moment before Lucilla spoke. \"If he cannot be tamed then I fear what he will do to Rome. There is only so much power Livia can wield over him.\" Maximus did speak then, unable to stop his curiosity as he looked to her. \"Why has she wed him?\" Lucilla scoffed and folded her arms over her chest. \"She does not know the truth. She thinks my father died from old age. She thinks that you tried to usurp Commodus from his position as Emperor. Commodus keeps her in the dark…he keeps feeding her lies and she…she loves him enough to believe him. She loves him and will never question him.\" \"Is she in danger?\" Maximus enquired and Lucilla shook her head. \"Well, I do not think that she is,\" Lucilla said. \"Commodus is besotted with her. He has been for a long time, but she…she knows nothing. She knows nothing of what he has done.\" \"And she is pregnant.\" Maximus stated. \"Yes,\" Lucilla said. \"I need to keep her safe from him, Maximus. I need to keep her safe just as I need to keep Lucius safe.\" \"She needs to know the truth,\" Maximus said and Lucilla scoffed and shook her head. \"What good would that do?\" she asked from him. \"I fear what he would do to her if she knew the truth. So long as she remains by his side as his doting wife then she is safe. This is the safest thing for her…but also the cruellest.\" \"The truth will come out sooner or later,\" Maximus hissed. \"It always does.\" \"And when it does I will ensure that I can have her and my child as far away from Commodus as possible,\" Lucilla said with haste. \"She is still a young girl…\" Lucilla's lips quirked at hearing him. She shook her head. \"She has grown, Maximus. She is no longer the girl you used to carry on your shoulders down to the river and show how to fish.\" \"But she is married to him,\" Maximus said with a shake of his head. \"She is married to him.\" \"I know,\" Lucilla said in a gentle voice. \"I cannot believe it, nor do I know what to do about it. If she knew the truth then she would be appalled. Do not doubt that, Maximus. She might be married to him, but she still has the same heart of the little girl we knew. She is still that girl at heart.\" \"Not even a pure heart can change one as black as your brothers.\" \"I know,\" Lucilla responded with a sad sigh. \"I know.\" … Livia knew that Commodus was in a foul mood the following morning. He had refused to break his fast and insisted that he had work to take hold of. Livia had only seen him act so coldly around her once before and that had led to a large argument between the two of them. It took her a few moments before she sighed gently and watched him go. Lucilla looked over to her and nodded her head softly. \"He is just angry,\" Lucilla said to Livia as the young woman moved to her feet, a hand coming to her stomach as Lucilla joined her. She took hold of her arm and walked with her out to the courtyard, both of them enjoying fresh air. \"You know how Commodus is.\" \"I know,\" Livia said with a nod of her head. \"I just do not enjoy seeing him so angry all of the time.\" \"But he is not angry with you, Livia,\" Lucilla responded in a soft voice as she perched on a bench and dragged Livia to sit down next to her, keeping hold of her hand. \"Commodus is simply aggrieved as to why Maximus lives.\" Livia nodded and bowed her head as Lucilla watched her with fascination. Did the girl truly believe what Commodus had told her? Was there some part of her that was questioning his words? If there was then Lucilla didn't know what she could do about it. She had no power. If Livia even suspected her brother of lying then she worried what he might do to herself or Lucius. She did not wish to see anyone hurt. But she knew, eventually, her brother would trip up. He could not lie forever. And then Livia would be hurt. She would be destroyed. \"Lucilla,\" Livia began, her voice low and hesitant. She was well aware that people listened in on conversations. \"Is it true? Did Maximus truly refuse Commodus?\" Lucilla frowned at hearing her. \"Do you not believe my brother?\" \"I believe him,\" Livia said with haste. \"Of course I believe him, but I wonder if there is something else…a miscommunication…because…the Maximus that I remember was always kind and gentle. Do you remember when he tried to teach me how to fish?\" Lucilla smiled then. It was the first genuine smile she had allowed onto her lips in a long time. Looking to Livia, she squeezed her hand tightly in her grip. \"I do remember,\" Lucilla said. She had been a young woman at that time while Livia had simply been as young as eight. She had walked down with both of them to the river, watching as Maximus carried Livia on his shoulders and stood with her in the shallow waters, teaching her how to catch fish. She had laughed and cheered loudly while Lucilla had stood back and watched, her mind wondering what it might have been like to have her own child. \"That is the issue I have,\" Livia admitted to Lucilla. \"I remember that man…the man who I have in my memories and I cannot see the man who Commodus claims he is. I cannot understand it. I know how people change, but…why would Maximus want the Empire? Why would he want any of that?\" \"I do not know,\" Lucilla could only say to her. \"But Commodus mentioned how your father had told Maximus how he wished for Rome to be a Republic and for Maximus to rule until that day could happen…but it was a ruse…a ruse because Maximus had turned power hungry.\" \"I was not there, Livia,\" Lucilla said, on the verge of breaking and telling the girl the truth. She deserved to hear it. She deserved to know. Livia sighed and shook her head. \"I do not wish to challenge Commodus or question him.\" \"I think that you are the only one who could,\" Lucilla said. \"No,\" Livia said. \"I trust him unequivocally. He knows that. I just think that there is something off. Perhaps I should see if I could speak with Maximus?\" Lucilla knew that she had to dissuade her from doing that before anything else. Shaking her head with haste, Lucilla gulped and a small smile formed on her face as she took her time in speaking, not wanting Livia to see the fear in her face. \"Do you truly think that Commodus would let you near the fighting pits?\" Lucilla asked. \"Livia, you are pregnant. You should be resting and not rushing around trying to uncover conspiracy theories that do not exist.\" \"I do not think it is a-\" \"-Just let me speak with both of them,\" Lucilla said, knowing that this would be the only way she could get Livia to leave things alone. \"Livia, let me deal with this and you focus on not working yourself up. It is not healthy for the baby.\" … Returning to his chamber, Commodus had expected to find his wife there that evening. However, she was nowhere to be seen, but he could hear her. Commodus was dressed in a simple tunic, his armour shed from his body as he had only spent his day responding to queries from the Senate. He had contemplated what the do about Maximus alongside demanding to know who had lied to him about Maximus being dead. He had sent for his guard to find them and arrest them, hoping that would show that he did not appreciate liars. He had gone back to his chamber as the sun set, a golden haze falling over Rome. He closed the door to his chamber before he heard her. She was retching into the toilet again and Commodus sighed. He knew that his wife was suffering badly during the pregnancy, but he had hoped that her nausea would have passed. Moving into the toilet, Commodus lowered himself down as he saw her trying to tuck her hair behind her ears. She was failing miserably and so he moved his hand, sweeping her hair back and startling her as she continued crying. For some reason, she always cried when she was being ill. She sobbed and continued heaving as he moved his other hand down her back, trying to soothe her. It took a few minutes before she finished and almost collapsed over the toilet, her hand clinging onto the edge of it. Commodus moved then, helping her to sit upright as he saw exhaustion in her face. She was sweating and her eyes were red and droopy. Commodus felt her move a hand to his chest, her fingers bunching into the fabric. \"Livia, you should not be ill like this.\" \"I know,\" Livia muttered. \"Your sister sent for the doctor and he thinks that I am dehydrated and not eating enough. I think the Gods are punishing me for being a whore and losing my virture before I was married.\" \"Livia,\" Commodus scolded her as he saw her lips tug upwards, knowing that she was joking. He sighed and nodded. \"Come on, let me help you to bed.\" He picked her up with ease and moved to the bed. Placing her down, he grabbed hold of a cup of water and handed it to her. He watched her drain the liquid before he went to refill it from the water jug. He handed it to her again and she took her time drinking it. Sitting to her side on the edge of the bed, he let his hand move up her thigh. \"What have you been doing today?\" Commodus asked from her. \"I went for a walk with your sister which ended up being cut short when I felt the need to be ill,\" Livia said. \"Your sister sent for the doctor. He came and left and I have been hunched over the toilet ever since.\" \"Why did no one send for me?\" Commodus demanded, slight annoyance in his voice as he spoke and she moved her hand to rest on top of his, squeezing it lightly. \"You were busy,\" she said. \"I did not want to disturb you.\" \"Livia, I am never too busy for you.\" She smiled and nodded. \"I know,\" she promised him. \"But you are Emperor now, you cannot come to me at my every beck and call. I do not want that. I want you to realise that you have other responsibilities. Besides, I am constantly ill. You cannot be with me all of the time holding my hair.\" \"If I had my way then I would,\" Commodus said and he slowly moved towards her, his other hand going to wipe her hair behind her ear. \"Besides, spending my time just with you sounds ideal right now.\" \"Have you had a tough day?\" Commodus managed a forced smile. \"No tougher than usual,\" he responded. \"I am just trying to discover how Maximus is still alive.\" \"I see. Do you-\" \"-But that does not matter,\" Commodus interrupted before she could continue to question him. \"Let us get some rest. I can have food brought to us if you do not feel well enough to leave the room.\" \"Thank you,\" Livia said. \"Are you going to stay with me?\" \"I have no other pressing matters tonight,\" he said. \"You are the only one.\" Livia hummed contently as she moved to lay down against the pillows, placing her cup of water on the table next to her. Commodus moved to rest next to her, his chest against her back as he draped an arm over her waist. He took hold of her hand as he moved a hand under her pillow and she curled her fingers around his. Commodus lifted his arm from her waist and brushed her hair softly back from her neck, his fingers tangling into it. \"Commodus,\" Livia muttered after a few minutes. \"You know I love you.\" \"I do,\" Commodus responded. \"Why do you say that?\" \"Just because I want you to know,\" Livia whispered to him. \"I want you to know that I love you…so much….and you can tell me anything.\" Commodus suspected that there was something behind her words. What was she thinking? Commodus didn't push her, however. He knew she was tired and he preferred not to get into an argument with her. He preferred never to do that. So he kept quiet and thought for a moment. He hummed lowly and kissed the back of her neck. \"I know,\" he responded. \"I love you too, Livia. Now rest.\" She didn't push him. Instead she remained in his arms as she fell to sleep. Commodus stayed awake, his eyes watching the back of her as he wondered just what she had meant by her earlier words. They swam around his head and plagued him. …. A/N: Do let me know what you think! Thanks for reading![Chapter 18] It had been three days since Commodus had laid his eyes on Maximus. He was still alive and that continued to anger Commodus. Whenever he thought about Maximus he wondered how he could get rid of him. The people adored him for winning a fight that he should never have won. People adored the underdog and Maximus was certainly that. Of course, he wondered if any of them truly knew the Spaniard's history. No doubt he still had men who were loyal to him. That must be true considering his men had lied to him about Maximus being dead. The two men who had been sent to check that Maximus was dead had been found. Commodus knew that he could not let them get away with what they had done. He had ordered Quintus to punish them as he had stood there. He had watched as the arrows fired at the two men and killed them. Commodus had picked his head up then, blood speckling his cheek after standing close to the two men. He had stormed back inside and found his wife playing with Lucius. Commodus wondered where his sister had gotten to, but he did not ask. Instead he remained focused on how his wife was playing games with Lucius. She had her hands over her eyes as the boy ran around in the courtyard, hiding from her. Commodus kept his distance for a few moments as he overlooked the scene from the balcony. He watched as Livia ran through the courtyard, finding Lucius hiding behind a statue. She grabbed hold of his shoulders and shook him gently, laughing loudly as the young boy began to walk to her and she held his hand in hers as she walked by his side. The two of them sat down on a bench and Lucius continued to talk animatedly as Livia listened, showing no sense of bored. Commodus had smirked at seeing her, knowing full well just how his wife was going to make a fine mother. He had washed his face, splashing the specks of blood from his pale skin before he went down to the courtyard to his wife. She stopped speaking with Lucius as she looked to him. Lucius moved to his feet and rushed over to his uncle. \"Uncle,\" he said. \"Aunt Livia has been playing with me. She told me that I'm going to have a cousin one day.\" \"You are,\" Commodus said, hands on his nephew's shoulders as he squeezed them and Livia moved to her feet, her hand going to her stomach. \"You are going to have a little cousin to play with.\" \"Do you think that it shall be a boy or a girl?\" Lucius continued to ask. \"I think that it does not matter,\" Commodus responded. \"Whatever it is, we shall love it unconditionally. Isn't that right?\" \"Yes, uncle,\" Lucius said with a nod of his head. Commodus smirked. \"Good boy,\" he said. \"Why don't you go and find your maid? You can play with her. I need to speak with Livia.\" Lucius nodded and rushed off while Livia kept a hand on her stomach and watched her husband. Commodus ruffled Lucius's hair as he went. His eyes moved onto Livia and he couldn't help but notice how lovely she looked. She stood there, dressed in lilac with her hair hanging loose down her back. Her hand held her stomach and a shawl was wrapped around her shoulders. But Commodus couldn't help but notice that she was glowing. She looked different. She looked almost ethereal. She was stunning. \"Livia,\" Commodus greeted her. \"Commodus, my love,\" Livia said, ushering for him to come closer to her. \"Quick.\" Commodus wondered what was wrong, but he had no chance to ask as he felt Livia take hold of his hand, pressing his palm flat against her stomach as she urged for him to keep quiet when she saw him open his mouth. She placed her free hand over his mouth as Commodus looked slightly entertained. He wondered what she was doing before he felt it. His eyes widened as she nodded enthusiastically at him and he remained in awe. She took her hand from his mouth after a second and looked down. \"Amazing, isn't it?\" \"The babe is kicking?\" \"It is,\" Livia said with a nod of her head. \"It is stunning.\" \"It is,\" Commodus whispered to her. \"How long have you been feeling the babe kicking for?\" \"I felt it this morning, but then I felt it after playing with Lucius. It is amazing.\" \"It…it makes it feel real,\" Commodus responded. \"Do you think this baby will love me, Livia?\" Livia let out a soft sigh with a small smile. Moving to stroke his cheek slowly, she let her hands move to curl into his hair. She wrapped it slowly around the back of his head before moving to her toes. She kissed him slowly as Commodus kept his hand on her stomach. Pulling back after a moment, she kissed him once more and pressed his forehead to hers. \"This baby will love you, Commodus,\" she whispered to him in a gentle voice. \"Just as I do.\" Commodus smiled and moved a hand to sweep her hair behind her shoulder. \"Sometimes I feel as though you are the only one who does love me,\" he said and Livia almost felt her stomach sink as she heard him speak, wondering just what was going on. It took her a few moments before she took hold of his hand and dragged him to sit back down on the stone bench with her. She wrapped her arm around his as she kissed his cheek and rested her cheek on his shoulder. He said nothing for a moment and Livia took the initiative to talk. \"What is it, Commodus?\" she wondered from him. \"What is wrong?\" \"The people do not love me, Livia,\" Commodus said in a small voice. \"The people favour Maximus. He is all that they can talk about. I had the men who betrayed me executed this morning. I had no other choice. My men cannot go against me for they are then not my men. People do not care for me as much as they care for him. I can see that and I do not know what to do.\" Livia gulped once and then sat up and turned her gaze up to him. She held onto his hand and kissed the back of it. She tried not to think of what he had said, the idea of two men being executed. Had they purposefully gone against Commodus? Or had they simply made a mistake? Livia seemed to be questioning whether a lot of people were making mistakes recently. \"Commodus,\" Livia sighed out his name. \"The people do love you. Have you spoken to the Senate recently about their needs?\" \"I have been too preoccupied with the games. The people love them, Livia, but why do they not love me?\" Biting down on her lip, Livia wondered if she was going to have to talk to her husband truthfully. \"Commodus, I think that you should listen to the Senate,\" she told him honestly. \"I think that they are the key to you gaining the people's affections. People are starving…are sick…they want solutions for that and the Senate might have proposals. The games are very good at keeping them entertained for a couple of hours, but we both know that they have to go home then and if they go home to something that…something that does not make them happy…makes them worry…then they need help. They need more than these games.\" Livia didn't entirely know what was running through Commodus's mind. He seemed somewhere perturbed by her comments, but he had asked for her opinion and she had given him them. She had given him her thoughts and he could do with them what he so wished. She gulped and looked as Commodus stared into the distance. \"But that does not explain why they love Maximus,\" he said. \"Commodus, they will have forgotten about Maximus in a month. Rome is fickle,\" she said to him. \"You need to think about the long term.\" \"I am,\" Commodus said. \"And if Maximus continues to win these games then they will grow to adore him. What happens if they prefer him over me, Livia? What if he finally takes everything from me? What if he ruins me?\" Livia could sense that he was becoming somewhat hysterical. Moving to cup hold of his cheeks in her fingertips, she tried to soothe him as he saw him cling onto her shoulders, his hands stroking along them as he watched her, desperation evident in his gaze. \"Livia,\" Commodus whispered her name, \"I cannot have that. I cannot have it.\" \"Maximus would not try to do that,\" Livia said. \"How can you say that?\" Commodus demanded from her, his voice harsh. \"You know what he tried to do. I told you what he had tried to do.\" \"I know,\" Livia said with a deep breath. \"I know what you told me, Commodus, but I was just wondering about that and wondering if there was a miscommunication between your father, you and Maximus?\" Commodus's brows furrowed together then. \"I do not understand.\" Livia bit her tongue and then moved to her feet, her hands laced together in front of her as she spoke and turned back to look at him. \"I was just thinking,\" she said. \"You heard a story from your father and then another from Maximus. What if Maximus truly did not want power and your father wanted Rome to become a Republic?\" \"Then that would mean that I would not be Emperor,\" Commodus said. \"Why would my father wish for that?\" \"I do not know,\" Livia managed to say. \"I just think that, perhaps, there is a misunderstanding. I know how you said that people change, Commodus, but Maximus had been like a brother, had he not? He adored Lucilla. He…I just cannot imagine him betraying you.\" \"So you did not trust me?\" Commodus demanded from her, anger rising in his voice. \"Commodus, of course I trust you,\" she responded out of frustration. \"I was just wondering if there could have been a miscommunication between all of this? I just…I trust you and I love you. You know that. I just cannot quite believe that Maximus has turned into the man you say he has.\" \"Cannot believe it or will not believe it?\" Commodus demanded from her. \"Everyone turns against me, Livia, I do not want you to turn against me, but if you do not believe me then that is exactly what you have done.\" \"Commodus,\" she gasped his name and moved to her feet, grabbing hold of his arm. He moved away from her, however, tugging his arm from her grip as she looked hurt. Tears threatened to burn her eyes as she felt the sting of rejection. \"Who do you believe, Livia?\" he demanded from her. \"Tell me now.\" \"Do not act like this,\" she urged. \"Commodus, I do not want to argue with you over this. I just want to understand why Maximus would have done what he is accused of.\" \"I have told you why,\" Commodus snarled. \"You either believe me or you do not believe me, Livia. That is all there is to it. To know that you are even questioning me hurts…the one person in my life I thought that never would question me…is doing just that.\" \"Commodus-\" \"-Do not,\" he interrupted her, holding a hand up to silence her. \"I do not wish to discuss this with you, Livia. I do not wish to listen to you question me any further.\" \"That is not what I am doing,\" she said in a gentle voice, unsure of what more she could say. \"Do you not wish to know why Maximus did what he did?\" \"I know all that I need to,\" Commodus said in a dark tone. \"I need to go. I have business with the Senate.\" \"Commodus-\" \"-Go to our chamber and rest,\" Commodus said, not listening to her pleas as he saw tears roll down her cheeks and he did his best not to fall under her tears. He had to be strong. He needed to be strong right now. \"Arguing is no good for our child.\" \"Nor is it any good for us,\" she said to him. \"No, perhaps it is not,\" Commodus said. \"I shall speak with you later.\" Livia could do nothing else but watch her husband walk off and leave her in the courtyard. Sinking back down onto the bench, she closed her eyes and began to cry to herself. …. A/N: Do let me know what you think![Chapter 19] Livia did not wish to return to her chamber, but the feeling of nausea had taken hold of her. She wondered if Commodus would be there and, if he was, she did not wish to find herself involved in another argument with him. But she knew that she needed privacy as her sickness came back. She thought that she had done well to go a day without feeling this way. However, she wondered if her current predicament was related to her argument with her husband. Rushing back to her chambers, she saw his guard stationed outside the room and she knew he was in there. She ignored them, opening the door and walking in, her hand holding her stomach as her other hand held her mouth. Commodus had been perched at the desk by the balcony. He turned his head over his shoulder as he heard her footsteps rush into the toilet. Instantly, he moved to his feet, but he did not follow her. He could hear her retching for a few minutes before she moved back into the chamber and splashed her face with cold water from the bowl on the table. She kept her head bowed for a moment as Commodus watched her back. She said nothing to him, nor did he say anything to her. Instead he watched on as she placed a cloth at the back of her neck, cooling her down. Gulping, he wondered what he should say. He was acutely aware that an hour ago he had listened to her question him and his intentions. She was aware that an hour ago he had dismissed her and interrupted her continuously without even listening to her. She was still upset and angry, wondering just what she could do to make her husband listen. All she wanted to know was why Maximus would have turned on Commodus. Why would he have done that? She couldn't quite understand what had happened, but every time she questioned her husband he simply made her keep silent. He turned things back onto her. He made her feel guilty. He made her feel like a traitor for not believing what he was saying. That wasn't the case. She believed that he thought Maximus had betrayed him, but a part of her thought that he had gotten the wrong end of the stick. She knew all to well about miscommunication. Commodus returned to his seat, his back to his wife as she kept her back to him. She only turned around, looking at the back of his head as he went back to his letters. She kept the cloth to her neck as her eyes roamed over the back of his head. She took a moment to imagine how she could make all of this disappear if she simply begged him to forgive her. She could say that she meant nothing by any of it. She could tell him that. But she did none of that. Instead she dropped the cloth and moved to the door, the frosty exchange in the room too much for her. Pushing the door open, she left him alone. Upon hearing the door open, Commodus turned his head over his shoulder to see her go, her hair falling down her back as her hips swayed with movement. He kept his eyes fixed on her until the door close, wondering just how he could make things right between both of them. … \"I take it you had another argument with my brother,\" Lucilla spoke as she found Livia. She had taken hold of the young woman and urged for her to come with her to her chambers. She had sat down at the foot of the bed with Livia, wrapping her arms around her shoulders. \"How did you know?\" \"He has been in a foul mood all day,\" Lucilla said. \"We went to sleep without speaking a single word to each other,\" Livia said with a scoff. \"He laid there and ignored me and I did this same. He…he is infuriating me, Lucilla. He is pushing me away, but I know that I am also pushing him away because I will not let things lie. I will not leave things alone.\" Lucilla sighed. \"I take it that this is to do with Maximus?\" \"I simply asked him if he was certain that Maximus had been plotting to conspire against him or if there had been something else,\" Livia said. \"I know that he refused to take Commodus's hand and pledge his allegiance, but…why? All I want to know is why, Lucilla, and Commodus continues to think that means I am working against him.\" \"My brother does not enjoy being questioned, Livia, you know that.\" \"I know that, but I do not like him acting like a petulant child when I only ask questions,\" Livia responded harshly. \"Lucilla, we both know Maximus. You know him better than I ever could. What is happening? Truly, what is happening?\" Lucilla took a moment to inhale a sharp breath. \"I have not had chance to speak with him,\" Lucilla informed her sister-in-law, lying through her teeth as she spoke. \"All I know is that Maximus had been informed by my father that he wished for Rome to become a Republic and for him to make certain that time came. However, Commodus seems to believe he wants power for himself.\" \"That is what I cannot understand,\" Livia said and she moved to her feet then, her hands on her hips as Lucilla watched her pace, unable to stop her eyes from going to her protruding stomach. She was growing with each passing day. Lucilla was certain of it. \"Lucilla, it makes no sense. Maximus left Rome for a simple life. Why would he come back and want to change that?\" Lucilla almost felt herself longing to break down. Livia was so close to finding the truth out. She was so close to knowing everything. Yet Lucilla could not be the one to tell her. She could not do that. \"I need to speak with him,\" Livia said and Lucilla did move then. Livia turned to look at her, holding a hand up to keep Lucilla from protesting. \"I know that it is not wise, Lucilla, and that Commodus will be angry, but I need to know the truth and Maximus is the only one who can tell me.\" \"Livia,\" Lucilla whispered in a low voice, \"you cannot go to him. My brother has told you that Maximus has changed. He wanted Rome for himself. You need to see, Livia. You need to see that people change. He is not the same young man who carried you around or taught you how to ride. He is not that man.\" \"Then who is he?\" Livia demanded from her. \"A cold blooded killer? A man who would kill for power? Lucilla, do not tell me that you believe any of that.\" \"Not to believe it means not to believe Commodus,\" Lucilla responded, testing the girl truly. \"Do you not believe him, Livia?\" Livia bit down on her lip as she turned her gaze to Lucilla. \"I love Commodus,\" Livia whispered in a gentle voice. \"I love him so much, but this is not about trusting him. This is about me thinking that he has misunderstood Maximus.\" \"Livia, do not go against him,\" Lucilla urged from her, a sense of fear in her voice. \"Do not do this.\" \"I need the truth, Lucilla, and he is the only one who can give it to me.\" Lucilla watched as Livia left then. She placed a hand over her mouth as tears fell down her cheeks. She did her best to comprehend what was going to happen. If Livia went to Maximus then he would tell her the truth. He would tell her what Commodus had done. If she discovered the truth…if she knew…Lucilla did not know what Commodus would do. He would not hurt Livia. He couldn't. But, Lucilla didn't know. She didn't know what her brother would do nowadays. She barely understood him. And so Lucilla did what she thought was for the best. She did what was needed to protect her family and Livia was her family now. … Livia did not appreciate being summoned by her husband. She had gritted her teeth together before storming through the corridors, two members of his guard following her after they had been sent for her the following morning. She found Commodus standing at a balcony, his hand holding onto his chin as his other arm wrapped around himself. \"How dare you?\" Livia snapped at him and Commodus didn't turn around. He raised a hand in the air, dismissing the guard to leave him be with his wife and her growing temper. He kept his back to her as she continued to yell, her voice loud and full of anger. \"You summoned me? Your wife?\" Livia continued to push him. \"Do you know how that felt? Could you not be bothered to come and find me yourself? Or perhaps you could have spoken with me last night if you really wanted to converse? Then again, that would mean looking at me and you have found it impossible to do that recently!\" Commodus whirled around then, his glare increasing on his wife as he looked at her with a menacing stare she had never seen before. She had angered him before, but this was different. There was a silent rage inside of him. Commodus did not yell. He did not roar. He could show that he was angry without needing any of that. He moved slowly then, stalking towards her. \"Because it is only recently that I discovered where you intended to go this morning,\" Commodus said. \"It was only this morning when I learned that my wife was plotting behind my back.\" Livia went silent then, wondering how he could have known. She had told no one where she was going except for Lucilla. She had only told Lucilla. It took a moment before she realised that she must have been the one to speak to Commodus. But why? Why would she tell her brother? It was a few seconds before Livia dared to look him in the eye, holding her head high as she refused to back down. \"I want the truth.\" \"The truth?\" Commodus echoed back, his lip curling upwards before he moved to stand inches from her, his hand going to hold her chin tightly. \"I have told you the truth!\" He was seething now, unable to stop himself from yelling at her. Livia moved with haste and grabbed hold of his wrist, pushing his grip from her. \"You have told me what he intended to do,\" Livia snapped back. \"You have not told me why. Even you do not know why. You think that he betrayed you by not taking your hand that time. You do not know why he did not…not truly…because you have not even asked him. I love you, Commodus, and I know you would do anything for me, just as I would for you, but I think…I think there is more to this that I do not know and you do not know. I think we need to speak with Maximus.\" \"We?\" Commodus echoed back to her. \"You were going alone, Livia. There was no we when you planned this. You intended to go out alone. You intended to sneak out…lie to me…deceive me…\" \"No,\" Livia said with haste. \"I never intended to do that. I just want to know why. I grew up looking up to Maximus. I want to know what is going on. Why are you punishing me for that?\" Commodus reached out to grab hold of her, his fingers tight and wrapped around her upper arms as he hauled her to him. \"I am not punishing you,\" he snarled. \"You are punishing me. You are punishing me for telling the truth about Maximus…simply because you cannot let go of the idea of the man who you knew years ago. And what about me? You know me, Livia, and you are not listening to me.\" \"This is getting us nowhere,\" Livia said with haste. \"Commodus, this constant argument is getting us nowhere.\" \"Then just stop this,\" he demanded from her. \"Stop fighting the truth and simply accept it. Stop pushing me away, Livia.\" \"You are pushing me away,\" she retorted. \"We are going in circles. Allow me to go and speak to Maximus and find out what happened.\" \"No,\" Commodus responded. \"I will keep you locked away, Livia, if you insist on defying me.\" Livia felt tears form in the corner of her eyes. She moved her hands to his chest, trying to push him from her. She failed miserably as his grip remained tight, refusing to let her leave him. \"You cannot lock me away,\" she said firmly. \"Commodus, you cannot do that to me.\" \"I can do whatever is required to keep you safe,\" Commodus responded. \"I will do whatever possible to stop you from going near a man who would hurt you to get to me…would fill your head with poison…turn you against me.\" \"Commodus, nothing is turning me against you,\" Livia said, wondering if this was what it boiled down. He was insecure. \"Do you not see that? I love you. I married you. I am not going to turn against you. I just want to understand Maximus's motives. Why do you think I would turn against you?\" \"Because everyone else has,\" Commodus said to her. \"Everyone else has taken his side…and if you…if you leave me…abandon me because of this…\" \"Commodus, why would I abandon you?\" she wondered from him, her tone calming down slightly as she arched her brows and saw her husband move a hand to her cheek, stroking it softly. He moved his other hand to her other cheek, holding onto it gently. \"Do you not see?\" Commodus wondered from her. \"We should not fight, Livia. We should never fight.\" \"I am not abandoning you.\" \"Promise me,\" he urged from her. \"I promise,\" Livia said. \"I do not understand what would make you think I would abandon you.\" \"People who want to poison you against me,\" Commodus responded. \"People who want to take you away. I can't let them do that, Livia. I can't let them do it.\" Livia felt his arms wrap around her, trying to hold her tightly against him but struggling with thanks to her bump. Livia wrapped her arms around his neck as she felt him burrow his face against her neck and her hands wrapped into his hair. She closed her eyes for a second as she wondered just how they had gone from arguing to this. What was he so scared of? Livia didn't know. She only wished he would understand that she was his. She was not going to leave him. She just wanted the truth. … A/N: Do let me know what you think![Chapter 20] Livia didn't entirely know what more she could do. She had considered just how difficult it was for her to be with Commodus as they had been before. Their argument still settled at the back of her mind and she knew that it would only be a matter of time before it came to the forefront. She had bitten her tongue and considered exactly how she should approach the topic. But, deep down, she knew that it would do no good. Commodus was adamant that things had changed and he was right in thinking that Maximus wanted to overthrow him. \"Livia,\" Commodus spoke her name as they sat around the dining table. Livia had not touched her food, still feeling ill. Commodus had watched as Lucilla and Lucius spoke in hushed tones to each other. His wife had remained downcast, her gaze set on the table top. She looked up and over to the side where Commodus sat. She looked to him with wide eyes and Commodus sighed. He shook his head and moved to stand up. Extending his hand out to her, he watched as she slowly moved her fingers into his. Holding onto his hand, she let him help her from her seat, noting how his eyes always went to her protruding stomach. He kept hold of her hand, not bothering to tuck it into the nook of his arm as he led her out of the dining hall without another word to Lucilla. He kept a firm grip of her fingers in his, silence engulfing the pair of them as they ignored the stares from passing servants and senators who were conducting business on his behalf. It was only when they came to their chamber did he lead her onto the balcony. He stood in front of her then, the back of his hand moving down her cheek as he stroked it softly and slowly. \"You did not eat anything,\" Commodus informed her. \"You know what the doctor said, Livia, you are supposed to eat and drink.\" \"I know,\" LIvia responded. \"Yet every time I consider food it makes me feel queasy. I wish that this would pass…I wish this feeling would go away.\" \"Is it simply the babe or is it something else?\" Commodus dared to enquire from her and she chewed down on her bottom lip before looking to the ground. Sighing, Commodus nodded his head. She didn't need to speak for him to know her answer. \"Livia, we cannot keep doing this. The past few days have been hell for me.\" \"And for me,\" she responded. \"Then let us end this argument,\" Commodus urged from her, taking hold of her hands inside of his, holding them upwards and against his chest. \"Livia, I have no desire to argue with you. I adore you.\" \"As I do you,\" Livia told him. \"Yet, my thoughts still plague me, Commodus.\" \"And how can I make them go away?\" Commodus urged from her. \"Tell me what it is that I have to do, Livia. Tell me what you need me to do. I have told you the truth. I have told you all that there is to know.\" \"But you have not told me why and I fear only Maximus can tell me why, yet you forbid me from seeing him,\" Livia responded and Commodus sighed once again, knowing that he had to put an end to this. He had to finish this argument before it went too far. \"You know why I refuse to let you see him,\" Commodus said. \"The fighting pits are no place for you, my love. You are pregnant. You carry our child. I do not want you to be stressed, Livia. Going to him…listening to his lies…knowing that he is trying to turn you against me…I could not bear it if it put stress on you. You have enough with your sickness and staying rested. Please, Livia, just stop this. Just trust me.\" Livia took her turn to let out a sigh as soon as she heard him speak. It took a moment before she looked him in the eye, wondering what he was thinking. It looked more like fear than anything else. She said nothing, but she chose to nod her head. She knew that Commodus would never agree to let her go and visit Maximus alone. She was well aware of that. She just needed to find another way to speak to Maximus. Commodus seemed relieved, moving to wrap his wife into his arms as he placed his hand to the back of her head, drawing her face to press against his neck as he kissed the top of her head. Livia wrapped her own arms around his waist, holding onto him tightly as she closed her eyes and inhaled his familiar scent. \"No more secrets or lies…no more arguing…all that matters is being rid of Maximus and making sure our child is born without any threats.\" Livia could only manage a slim smile as she pulled back to look at him. Moving slowly, he bent down until his lips were pressed against hers, his hands going to skim the bare skin of her shoulders as she closed her eyes and revelled in his touch, longing to feel him against her despite everything that had happened. Perhaps he was telling the truth. Perhaps he was keeping her away from Maximus to keep her safe. Perhaps everything that he did was for them. Yet Livia still could not rid herself of the small niggling feeling that something was not quite right. She pushed that feeling to the side as Commodus's lips left hers, his breath coming out in sharp pants against her cheek. \"No one understands me, Livia,\" Commodus whispered. \"Everyone has turned against me…Maximus…even Lucilla does not trust me to rule…but you…you're the only one who understands and hasn't abandoned me. I can't see that happen.\" \"It never will,\" she promised him, taking hold of his shoulders. \"Commodus, do you not see? No one can turn me against you. Maximus…Lucilla…no one. It is you who I love and trust.\" \"Then trust me when I tell you that Maximus is not the man you once knew. Tell me you trust me.\" Livia nodded. \"I trust you,\" she said, not bothering to argue and demand why he had changed. Instead she remained conflicted. \"Come,\" she urged from him. \"I am exhausted and no doubt you are too.\" Taking him by the hand, she didn't bother to ask her handmaids for help in changing. She shed herself of her own garments, draping them over the chair in the corner before placing her nightgown onto her body. She struggled to pull it down over her bump as she noted that Commodus only wore his simple orange tunic as he climbed into bed. \"I am fat,\" Livia complained and Commodus chuckled at hearing her as he watched her tug at the material of her nightgown. \"I need bigger clothes.\" \"Then I shall arrange for that,\" Commodus promised her. \"You know, Livia, you can ask for anything. You are my consort.\" \"It still feels wrong,\" Livia said to him, padding barefoot to the bed and sitting on the edge of it before twisting her body to lay down, tugging the cover over herself. \"I always knew my place growing up besides you and Lucilla. I was simply an orphan. I know that I was treated well and I thank your father for that, but I never wanted to overstep the boundaries or think of myself as…well…someone who should be waited on.\" Commodus couldn't quite understand her, but he did smile at her humility. He suspected that was what he adored about her. She had all of this wealth by being married to him. She had fine clothes. She had expensive jewels. Yet, she wanted for none of it. She wanted only for him. She was the only one who had ever just wanted him for himself. \"Come here,\" Commodus urged from his wife, moving his arm out towards her. Somehow, she managed to nestle against his side, laying on her back as his arm wrapped around her shoulders. His hand went to her stomach, his fingers resting splayed out on it. He moved so that his chin was pressed just at the top of her head. Closing her eyes, she felt him brush away the wisps of her hair against her face. \"You love me for me,\" Commodus whispered in a soft voice. \"Just as you love me for me,\" Livia said. \"We have each other, Commodus. We both love each other.\" \"I love you more than you can understand,\" Commodus informed her. \"And I will love our babe just as much.\" \"I will love our babe if he or she stops making me hunch over a toilet every morning,\" Livia said and Commodus chuckled despite himself at his wife's comment. He moved to kiss her forehead, his lips lingering there as he felt her shift in his arms, her arm moving to drape over his waist. \"I hope that this illness shall pass soon,\" Commodus informed his wife. \"In the mean time, I wish for you simply to rest, my love. You need your strength.\" \"Hmm,\" she muttered sleepily. \"And if I am going to rest then I need to sleep. Shall you be here in the morning when I wake?\" \"I have details that need working out about the next game,\" Commodus told her. \"I do not know if I will be here, but do not fret, you need your rest, Livia. Just rest and sleep, my love.\" … Commodus found Livia still sleeping, even after his meeting with the Senate. He had met with Senator Falco in an attempt to discover the best way to deal with Maximus. He had seen to it that a gladiator who had never been defeated was his next opponent. Commodus was certain he would be rid of Maximus then and all of his problems would have been forgotten. He would be Emperor with no challenging him. Livia would not longer question him. That was what he needed. It was almost noon when he returned and found Livia still sleeping in bed. Her hair was askew on the pillow and stuck to her face. Her lips were parted softly and she was breathing steadily. She had a hand dangling over the side of the bed while her other hand was stuffed under her pillow. Commodus simply watched her for a few moments, wondering how many hours she had been sleeping. It must be around sixteen. He sat down at his desk and decided to do some work instead of waking her. He began writing, often turning his head over his shoulder to see his wife. She shifted in her sleep a few times, rolling onto her back. He smiled as he saw her, knowing full well that she must be exhausted. It was another hour before she even stirred. \"What time is it?\" Livia wondered, her voice groggy as she managed to push herself to her elbows, blinking profusely as her eyes adjusted to the light. \"I thought that you had business to attend to?\" Commodus chuckled and he moved to his feet and stalked towards the bed. Perching down on the side of it, he moved a hand to tuck her hair behind her ear. \"I have attended to business and returned,\" Commodus informed her in a soft voice. \"You have been sleeping for hours, Livia. It is almost noon.\" \"No,\" Livia said and she sat up straight then as Commodus chuckled at her reaction. \"Commodus, why did you not wake me? I should not sleep for so long.\" \"You should sleep for as long as is needed,\" Commodus informed her in a gentle voice. \"Livia, you have hardly been sleeping and I know that. You needed to sleep.\" \"This is lazy,\" Livia mumbled and flopped back onto her back. \"The issue is that I still wish to sleep.\" Commodus did chuckle then and he bent down, kissing her chastely as he allowed his lips to brush over hers. He watched her for a few moments and moved to his feet. Livia looked over to him as she remained on her back. \"Do you have business to attend to?\" \"Alas, I do,\" he responded to her. \"I hope to return soon, however.\" \"I shall dress for the remainder of the day,\" Livia said. \"When will you be back?\" \"Soon,\" Commodus answered her. \"Remember to rest, Livia.\" … Livia had finished dressing for the day before she found Lucilla. But Lucilla was not alone. As soon as she heard voices in the distance, she slowed her pace down. She loitered for a few moments, listening in as she heard Lucilla and someone else. It took her a couple of moments before she became able to decipher their words, her brows arching and her forehead creasing. \"He is not fit to rule. We both know that.\" \"But he is Emperor.\" \"The people continue to suffer,\" a voice that sounded like Gracchus spoke. \"The people do not adore him as he had hoped. His popularity is shrinking, my Lady. He is too consumed with revenge.\" \"Then what do you suggest we do?\" Lucilla enquired. \"I do not know,\" Gracchus admitted. \"I have a man,\" Lucilla whispered. \"I have a man who will help us. If you agree to meet with him then we can discuss the best course of option. Rome cannot continue like this. We cannot allow Commodus to continue his rule.\" \"And his wife?\" Gracchus enquired. \"She has always been the one who we thought would be helpful. She has always been the one he listened to.\" \"Livia is not to be involved in this,\" Lucilla said in a small voice, but her tone was harsh. She spoke with determination and Livia chewed down on her lip. \"Livia, despite everything, loves my brother. She loves Commodus and she carries his child. We are not to put her in any danger.\" \"I agree,\" Gracchus spoke. \"However, we need to consider the future, Lucilla. Do you think that Commodus would stand aside without a fight? Do you think that he would go willingly?\" \"I believe that…\" Lucilla trailed off. \"I do not know,\" she finally answered. \"If he were not to be harmed then perhaps. If he can live out the rest of his days peacefully with his wife and child then perhaps that will be enough for him.\" \"And if not?\" \"Then we worry about that when we need to.\" It was then when they bid their goodbyes and Livia emerged from her hiding place. Her eyes rested on Lucilla as the woman looked to her. Her mouth gaped and her eyes widened as she watched her, seeing her face clouded with anger. Livia shook her head back and forth. \"What are you doing, Lucilla?\" she demanded. Lucilla moved with haste then, grabbing hold of Livia by the arm and dragging her away, pulling her down the corridors until they were alone once again on a balcony. Livia looked to her, waiting for an explanation before Lucilla sighed. \"Commodus is not fit to rule,\" Lucilla informed her. \"He is causing nothing but suffering, Livia, and he refuses to acknowledge it.\" \"Why did no one come to me?\" Livia demanded. \"I could speak with him.\" \"He cannot be reasoned with, Livia,\" Lucilla responded forcefully. \"Everything that he is doing is wrong. He…he is not fit to rule.\" \"Stop it,\" Livia snapped harshly. \"Do you not see what this is doing to him? His father did not think him worthy and now you stand here and you question him. He is young, Lucilla. He has never ruled before. He is still new. Why do you not raise your concerns with him?\" \"Because he will not listen!\" Lucilla snapped, trying to keep her voice under control. \"Commodus is beyond reasoning with, Livia. He is a different man to the one you see. All that you witness is the man who cares for you-\" \"-Because that is him,\" Livia interrupted her. \"He is not the man who you make him out to be. He is insecure…he just wants to be loved. Do you know how hurt he will be if he discovers you were attempting to overthrow him?\" \"Livia-\" \"-No,\" Livia snapped, her voice harsher than Lucilla had ever heard it before. This was no longer the meek little Livia she knew. This was a different woman. This was a woman full of determination. This was a woman who would defend her husband so fiercely that nothing else mattered. \"You are to forget about this plan. You are to tell Senator Gracchus that it was nothing but a foolish ideology. Gracchus will tell me what it is the Senate requires. I will work with Commodus to make certain it happens. Otherwise, what do you think shall happen?\" \"He is dangerous, Livia,\" Lucilla said, feeling tears form in her eyes as she longed to tell Livia what had happened. She longed for her to discover the truth. \"I am beginning to think you might be too,\" Livia said and she turned on her heel and left. … Looking to her husband, Livia traced the contours of his face, her fingers skimming along every curve and angle as she watched him sleep peacefully. She had not told him of Lucilla's earlier conversation with her. She did not want him to know. Ignorance would be best for him. He had been hurt enough in the past that Livia did not wish to see him hurt again. Instead she had spent the night simply content in his hold. \"Hmm,\" Commodus hummed as he awoke, the candles still lit and the moonlight pouring in. He opened his eyes after a few seconds and Livia continued to stroke along his cheek. \"Livia, why are you awake?\" \"I was just thinking,\" she responded in a whisper. \"What of?\" he enquired from her. \"Everything and nothing,\" she responded and Commodus allowed his lips to quirk as she smoothed his hair back from his forehead. \"You intrigue me as always, my love,\" Commodus said, closing his eyes and shifting slightly until he was able to wrap Livia into his arms. \"My thoughts are hardly intriguing,\" she lied to him before shifting in his arms, her fingers going to tuck his hair behind his ear as he remained silent, his lips parted gently as he breathed shallowly. \"I was just thinking that it might be time for me to come with you to the Senate tomorrow…to discuss things.\" Commodus did open his eyes then, a brow arching. \"Why?\" \"You once said that you wanted to rule with me by your side,\" Livia responded. \"Do you still want that?\" \"Of course,\" Commodus responded. \"But I want you to rest too, Livia.\" \"I am fine,\" Livia said to him. \"Besides, I want to help, Commodus. Please, just let me come with you. I fear that I may go mad with boredom if I stay in this chamber for much longer.\" Commodus could only nod as Livia smiled softly and moved to press her lips against his, kissing him chastely. She let her lips move back to linger against his as Commodus moaned softly, a hand going to tangle into the back of her hair. She pulled back after a second and looked him in the eye. \"I do love you, Commodus,\" she whispered in a gentle voice to him. \"Despite our arguments…despite everything…I love you.\" \"I doubt I will ever tire of hearing you say that.\" \"I am glad,\" Livia said with a smile as Commodus went back to kissing her. She spent the rest of the evening too busy wrapped up in her husband to consider Lucilla and her plan with Gracchus. She would not let them destroy her husband. She could not let them destroy him. She would prove them wrong. She would prove all of them wrong. … A/N: Do let me know what you think![Chapter 21] Livia had gone with her husband to attend the meeting in the Senate the following day. Commodus had walked with her on his arm and there had been hushed whispers echoing through the Senate once she had entered. She turned to scan the faces of the men, knowing that she was out of place. Yet, she failed to care. She was there to prove them all wrong. She was there to show that her husband, despite being young, had the makings of a good Emperor. Commodus had dressed for the day in his fine purple tunic, adorned with his bronze armour. Livia had opted for a green stola after Commodus informed her that it made her eyes gleam. She had kissed him chastely following the compliment and smiled once he had taken her hand and walked with her by his side. Sitting in the meeting hall, Livia could feel her husband next to her. He had also taken a seat, picking up her hand and kissing the back of it. Her eye caught Gracchus and she wondered if he knew what she had heard the previous night. Had Lucilla managed to speak with him? Did he still harbour ill feelings? Livia watched him as he studied her back. \"My lady,\" he spoke and the whispers died down as business began to take precedence. \"I have to say it is a joy to see you in here. The Emperor had informed us that you had been taken ill.\" \"I am glad to be here,\" Livia said in response. \"I am hoping that my illness has passed…well…the worst of it.\" \"And from all of us here, we wish you and your child the very best,\" he spoke and Livia smiled, her hand going to her stomach as she looked to Commodus and he looked back with a forced smile. She knew how he hated the Senate. She knew how he did not trust them after everything they had done. He could not look past the fact that they had conspired to have him marry someone else and make Livia his mistress. He would never forgive them. \"Thank you, Senator Gracchus.\" \"No doubt you wish to hear of our business?\" \"Indeed,\" Livia said. Gracchus nodded his head then and looked to Livia as Commodus remained uncharacteristically quiet. Commodus had looked to Falco, nodding to him as the other Senator nodded back. He knew that so long as he had Falco in his pocket then he could keep control over the Senate. He had spies everywhere making certain that no one spoke out against Commodus. It was another moment before Gracchus spoke, reading from a scroll. \"The games are costing Rome a fortune,\" he spoke and Commodus felt his glare increase as Gracchus continued to read from the parchment. \"We must introduce new taxes in order to pay for them, however, we cannot continue to sell our reserves of grain in order to pay for them. The people will be starving in two years should this continue.\" \"Then what is it you suggest, Gracchus?\" Commodus enquired from the man and Livia's brows knitted together as she looked to her husband, wondering if he was truly selling off grain to pay for the games. It took her a moment before she shook her head, wondering just what Commodus was thinking as he moved to his feet and looked at the Senator. \"The people love the games.\" \"The people need food, sire,\" the Senator spoke. \"What tax do you suggest?\" Livia enquired, moving to her feet in an attempt to stop the situation from turning worse than it was. She took hold of her husband by the arm as he looked down to her and she kept her gaze on Gracchus. \"We cannot increase taxes for the poor; that would hardly be fair on them.\" \"If you increase taxes for the rich then they would complain too,\" Commodus spoke. \"Let me clarify; I trust not enough grain is being produced for the population if we continue to sell it off, correct?\" Livia spoke. \"Correct,\" he said in a nod. \"And is there no other way we can produce grain? Are there no spare fields? I have seen the villas on the outskirts of Rome. I have seen the land they possess. Perhaps that is the key? Perhaps we grow more grain in return for lowering their taxes for use of their land? In the meantime, we increase taxes by only a fraction, making certain that people do not suffer, and stop selling as much grain as we are. We increase production of grain by harvesting as much land as possible.\" Gracchus seemed to consider what she was saying then. The Senate whispered lowly and Livia looked around for a brief second. Her eyes flickered up to Commodus and he continued to look straight at Gracchus. The anger clearly had not subsided from his features as Livia squeezed his arm in her grip, urging for him not to lose his focus. It took her a few seconds before she let out a deep breath and Gracchus nodded. \"We can see if that would be viable, my Lady,\" he said and Livia nodded. \"Excellent,\" she responded. \"Your wife has proven to be quite the intellectual, Caesar,\" Gaius spoke up as he looked to Livia, wondering what her father would say if he could see her now. Would he be proud? No doubt he would have adoration for the courage that his daughter showed. She had always been able to prove herself when needed. She had show that recently. Commodus looked to Gaius, wondering if there were deeper meanings behind his words. But he fixed a smile onto his face and nodded his head, the golden crown around his head shifting slightly as he arched his brows. \"My wife is, indeed, full of intelligence,\" Commodus spoke. \"Now, if there are no other matters then we shall take our leave. I trust you all to be able to cope with my wife's recommendations.\" \"Of course, Caesar,\" Gracchus said, a sly smirk on his lips as he watched the young Emperor turn away with Livia following him. Livia kept her fingers inside of her husband's as he squeezed them tightly and she tried to slow his pace down, but he was marching ahead. Livia only complained once they had come to a halt in the same room just behind the Senate where she had been the first time she had met with them. \"Commodus, you are hurting my hand,\" she complained once they were alone. Dropping her fingers, Commodus turned to look to Livia. \"Was it your intention to make me look like a fool in front of the Senate, Livia?\" he demanded from her. Livia's brows knitted together out of confusion as her husband stood before her, his hands by his sides and his eyes glaring down to her. All that he saw was a look of hurt as he spoke to her and he knew the answer to his question. He knew it before he had even truly asked it. Livia did nothing to hurt him. She did nothing but love him and try to help him. \"Commodus, I would never do such a thing,\" she said and Commodus sighed, trying to control his anger as he saw her continue to watch him. \"I did not know that grain was being sold to fund these games. You need to think of the people and the future of Rome. The people might love the games now, but if they discovered they would starve in two years then they would turn on you.\" \"And do you think that I was not able to control what the Senate wanted? Do you think that I would not have found a solution?\" \"I do not know,\" Livia shrugged. \"Commodus, it was never my intention to make you look foolish. I just wanted to help you. I wanted to help Rome…prove that, together, we can make a difference. Is that not what you wanted too?\" Commodus softened then as he felt her take hold of his fingers once more, entwining hers with his as she silently urged him to look at her. He kept his gaze even, his thoughts on what had just happened as Livia moved her hand to his cheek, stroking it softly. \"I am your consort, am I not?\" she wondered from him. \"You are.\" \"Then permit me to help you,\" she urged him in a gentle voice, doing her best to snap him out of this haze he had found himself trapped in. \"Allow me to help, Commodus. If you do not wish for me to speak in the Senate then fine, but allow me to help and give my thoughts.\" \"There should be no Senate,\" Commodus said and Livia blinked profusely, wondering why they were still talking. He looked down to his wife as he moved a hand to her chin, his thumb roaming her bottom lip as he pulled it from her top lip. \"There should just be me and you looking after Rome.\" \"Commodus, that is obscene,\" Livia spoke as he continued to let his thumb rest on her lip. \"We need the Senate to tell us what is happening.\" \"I would dissolve the Senate, Livia,\" he said. \"The people should not allow them to rule on their behalf. What do they know about the common life in Rome?\" \"What do we know?\" Livia retorted back. \"The Senate has its uses. I know you do not trust them, but trust me, we cannot dissolve the Senate without facing any repercussions.\" Commodus shook his head. \"Livia, I listened to you in that meeting. You spoke more sense than any of those in there ever could have. The Senate is filled with snakes…men who do not wish to see a change for Rome…men who we cannot trust. You, my love, put all of them to shame just now. You are the only counsel I need.\" Livia scoffed at that, moving his hand from her face as she kept hold of it in her fingers. \"I do not know about that,\" she said with a shake of her head. \"Commodus, listen to me, do not act hastily. Do not act brashly. Think about this…think about how you can use the Senate to your advantage. Please?\" \"I have thought long and hard, Livia,\" Commodus spoke. \"Then just think a little longer,\" she urged from him. \"Think about what I told you the first time. Please, my love, it is as you say. It is you and me…you have my counsel…you want my counsel…please heed it.\" Commodus nodded then, a solitary breathless laugh coming from him as he bent down, kissing his wife slowly as he pulled her lips between his and he watched her with intrigue as she closed her eyes and moaned against his lips. Pulling back after a second, he brushed his nose against hers. \"Darling, Livia,\" he whispered sweetly. \"What would I be without you?\" \"We will never have to find out,\" Livia said and kissed him once more. … Livia had finished readying herself on the morning of the games. She had been told how Maximus was due to enter the arena once more, facing a gladiator who had been in retirement. Somehow Commodus had persuaded him to come out of retirement, however. Livia was apprehensive, to say the least. She was still wondering if she should find a way to speak with Maximus. But she didn't. \"Livia, I need to speak with you.\" Livia almost sighed as Lucilla entered her chambers. She was grateful that Commodus had gone to speak with Falco after indulging his wife's insatiable need for him that morning. Livia had blamed it on her pregnancy once she had finished, collapsing in his lap and against his chest as he kissed her sensually. She could feel a flush come over her face as she thought back to it. \"Lucilla, I do not have time-\" \"-Gracchus told me what happened,\" Lucilla interrupted. \"Is it true? Did you manage to make Commodus see sense?\" \"Why do you insist on doing this?\" Livia demanded from Lucilla. \"Why do you insist on speaking as though Commodus is a bad man?\" \"Livia, if you knew-\" \"-Livia, sweetling, we need to go.\" Commodus entered his chambers unannounced, his eyes widening as he saw Lucilla stood by his wife. Turning to look to her brother, the two siblings eyed each other with more contempt than they had felt in a long time. Neither of them said anything, however, and Livia took it upon herself to speak. \"I asked Lucilla for her help in fixing my hair,\" Livia said with haste as her husband arched a brow in Lucilla's direction. \"Is that right?\" he enquired. \"Yes,\" Lucilla spoke, \"but I find that Livia always looks more natural with her hair hanging free.\" \"Which is a good job as I dismissed my handmaid earlier this morning,\" she spoke and Commodus did smirk then, remembering how the maid had almost walked in on the two of them in the throes of pleasure. Shooting her husband a sly smirk, Livia remembered too and she hoped she had managed to change the topic. \"Indeed,\" Commodus drawled lowly. \"Lucius is waiting for you, Lucilla. We will be with your shortly.\" \"Of course, brother,\" she said and left the chamber as Livia draped a shawl over her shoulders and looked to Commodus, smiling as he watched the door close behind her. Moving to his wife, Commodus took hold of her by the hands. \"Lucilla has been meeting with Senator Gracchus behind my back,\" Commodus spoke in a hushed voice and Livia's eyes went wide, trying to act surprised as she watched her husband for a few seconds while he spoke. \"Falco informed me that the two of them had been caught whispering behind closed doors together.\" \"I am certain it is nothing,\" Livia said, squeezing his fingers. \"Do you truly think that?\" he wondered from her. \"I do not trust Lucilla, my love. She looks at me with contempt now. I think she is plotting, Livia.\" \"No,\" Livia said with haste. \"Commodus, perhaps you simply need to speak with her? When was the last time you both truly conversed together? She is your sister. Why would she plot against you?\" \"She does not trust me,\" Commodus whispered and Livia tried not to let her features betray her. \"I can sense it.\" \"Talk with her,\" Livia urged in a soft voice. \"We will talk with her tonight and after the games. Please, do not think the worst in your sister.\" Looking down upon his wife, Commodus gulped as he moved a hand, letting the back of it stroke her cheek softly. \"How do you see the good in everyone?\" \"Because there is good in everyone,\" she responded and Commodus felt a some kind of smile take hold of his face as he nodded his head. Would she say that if she knew what he had done? Would she be so forgiving and understanding? Looking down to her, he bent down and kissed her, his lips lingering over hers. \"We shall do it your way,\" Commodus informed her. \"Come, my love, the games are about to begin.\" Taking his hand, Livia could only hope that Lucilla had not be foolish and met with Gracchus again. She wanted to protect her. She had to protect her. She just didn't know how if Commodus discovered the truth. ... A/N: Do let me know what you think![Chapter 22] Sitting besides her husband, Livia kept her hand inside of his as they watched the games. They had entered the Coliseum and Livia had noted how Maximus had caught her eye as she stood besides Commodus and he refused to acknowledge his Emperor. Looking to Livia, Maximus wondered if she knew anything yet, but she seemed content by her husband's side as he bent down to kiss her. Livia had looked to him, her eyes narrowed and her brows knitted together. He managed a small shake of his head, longing for her to know the truth. Did she truly think of him as a monster? Maximus had known her as a child. He had spent hours with her and teaching her how to do things that no one else would. He had taken her fishing. He had let her watch him train. He had walked with her on his shoulders and played Legionnaires with her. But he knew that she wasn't a little girl anymore. She was a grown woman with a child of her own on the way. She was married to a man who she thought was nothing like the man she had known. He was putting on a front for her. He was lying to her. Maximus was certain of that. If Livia knew the truth then she would not be with him willingly. She would be angry. She would be disgusted. He knew that. Maximus had watched on as she took her seat next to Commodus. The Emperor whispered something into her ear and she smiled before he kissed the side of her temple. He kept hold of her hand and went back to looking to the fight that was about to take place. Livia had done her best not to wince as the fight commenced. Her eyes had gone down to Lucilla and she knew full well that the woman was worried. She still had feelings for Maximus. Livia knew that. She was trying to hide them, but as soon as a tiger leapt from the ground, men holding it struggling to contain it, Lucilla was clinging onto the sides of her seat tightly, her knuckles turning white. Livia chewed down on her lip as she watched her, wondering if Commodus had noted his sister's reaction. Livia even had to admit that she was struggling to watch the scene unfold. She often looked away, her gaze moving to the crowd as she watched them baying for blood. She didn't know how long had passed before she felt Commodus's hand squeeze tightly onto hers. Looking up to him, she saw his face and it looked like thunder. Moving her other hand to rest on their entwined ones, she saw him look to her. \"This is not what should happen,\" Commodus said, referring to the fact that Maximus had somehow defeated the Emperor's champion. \"He should not be winning…this should not be what happened…\" \"Sweetling, these are the games and you know that Maximus is a strong competitor. We both know that,\" Livia said to him. \"I need him dead,\" Commodus snapped. \"I need him dead and no one is killing him. Perhaps I might need to take this into my own hands.\" \"How?\" Livia enquired from him. \"Commodus, please be rational.\" \"I am,\" Commodus responded. It was then when the crowd began chanting, urging for the Emperor to give his verdict and have the gladiator killed. The chants of 'kill' echoed throughout the arena and Livia watched on as Commodus moved to his feet, dropping his hand from hers as Livia moved to her feet and remained stood by her chair. She looked on as Commodus stepped forwards and Lucilla clung tightly onto her seat as Lucius stood by his mother's side. Moving his fist out to the side, Livia watched with intrigue before he gave the thumbs down, indicating that Maximus should kill the gladiator. But Maximus didn't do that. He tossed his sword to the side and the crowd went silent. He was defying his Emperor. He was openly defying Commodus. Livia gaped as Commodus seemed to grow with anger. She was about to reach out to him as the crowd began to cheer then. \"Maximus the Merciful!\" one man yelled out before roars echoed throughout the arena and everyone began cheering for Maximus. Livia saw Commodus's face falter. He looked hurt. He looked angry. He held a range of emotions. She said nothing as she saw him storm down towards the arena floor. Livia moved to the front of the stand and looked down her eyes catching Maximus as he looked back up to her. It took a few moments before she wondered if she saw something in his eye. He looked as though he was pleading with her to understand. Maximus kept his gaze on Livia until Commodus made his appearance known, acknowledging the crowd with a nod of his head, but the crowd were there for Maximus. He was their champion. He was their hero. Livia closed her eyes for a second and looked away as Maximus also looked to Commodus as the Emperor's guard surrounded them, keeping him protected. \"You just won't die,\" Commodus sighed to Maximus, looking to him as he stepped closer to him. \"We are not so different, you and I, Maximus. We are very much similar. You take a life when you have to and I do the same.\" \"I have only one life to take.\" \"Then take it now,\" Commodus hissed and Maximus let his lip curve upwards into a sneer and smirk. He shook his head as Commodus stood inches from him, the two men talking in hushed tones so that no one could hear them. \"Challenge you in front of your guard?\" Maximus enquired. \"I know better than to do that. I know exactly who you are…besides…I have honour. I have no intention of killing you before Livia knows the truth. I take it she doesn't know anything judging from how she was with you?\" \"Livia knows the truth,\" Commodus said with a shake of his head. \"She knows your version of the truth,\" Maximus responded with a firm shake of his head. \"If she knew that you had killed my wife and son then do you think that she would stay with you? Do you think that she would love you?\" It was then when Commodus let fear flicker across his face and Maximus saw it. He saw the fear on his face and Maximus knew his weakness. He bit down on his tongue for a moment before speaking, stepping closer to Commodus as he looked him in the eye, his gaze harsh and unrelenting. \"How do you think it would feel?\" Maximus demanded. \"To have the ones you love snatched from you?\" Commodus almost looked worried again then, his eyes widening before narrowing as he let his hands ball into fists by his side. He seethed lowly, his lip turning up out of anger. \"Was that a threat?\" Maximus stood up tall and shook his head. \"If you even think that I would hurt her then you are more foolish than I had thought,\" Maximus said. \"But she will discover the truth. She will know exactly what you are before I have my revenge.\" \"You will go nowhere near her.\" \"Perhaps not, but the truth will come out,\" Maximus said. \"And when it does, the time for honouring yourself will be at an end, highness.\" … Commodus was in a foul mood and Livia knew it. He had returned to their chambers that night, pacing up and down as he remained in nothing but a simple tunic. Livia was perched up in the bed, her back resting against plumped up pillows. She watched as he continued to pace, her eyes following him. \"I cannot have him killed now,\" Commodus complained, his voice bordering on hysteria as he looked to Livia. \"If I kill him now then I am the monster. The people love him more than they love me, Livia. The people have taken his side. I cannot be rid of him.\" Livia said nothing, not entirely certain what she was feeling as she looked to her husband. Chewing down on her bottom lip, it took her a few seconds before she reached a hand out to him. \"Commodus, come here,\" she urged from him in a gentle voice. He moved towards her, taking her hand inside of his as he lowered his lips to kiss the back of her hand, his lips brushing over her knuckles. He sat down on the edge of the bed, bowing his head down as her free hand went to stroke back his soft curls from the top of his head. \"Please, Commodus, do not worry yourself over this.\" He looked up to her then, peering at her through wide eyes as she saw the tortured expression on his face. \"You do not understand, Livia,\" Commodus said with a firm shake of his head. \"Maximus wants to make me suffer. He wants to ruin everything I have. He would take you from me. I cannot have that, Livia. Do you not see?\" Livia moved with haste, cupping his cheeks in her hands as she looked him in the eye. \"My love, no one is taking me from you,\" she said in a gentle voice. \"Commodus, I married you because I love you. I will always love you. Nothing shall change that. No one is going to tear us apart. Do you understand me?\" Commodus looked her in the eye then, nodding his head as he moved forwards, his lips sweeping over hers as she closed her eyes and groaned lightly, moving her arms to rest over the back of his neck as he lowered her to the bed, managing to hover over her so as not to hurt the babe in her stomach. He continued kissing her, the motion frantic and needy as Livia groaned against him, feeling his lips trail down her neck, nipping at the skin and greedily letting his hands roam her body. \"My sweet, Livia,\" he cooed. \"My darling, sweet, Livia…no one understands…no one but you…my love…my darling.\" Livia closed her eyes as she offered her husband the comfort he needed. But she knew that there was something else. It had been lurking in the deep pit of her stomach for a while. She didn't know what more she could do. She didn't know who to ask. But she had to know the truth. She had to know why her husband was so scared of Maximus. She needed to know what happened to the soldier she remembered from her childhood. Night fell over Rome and once Livia and Commodus were sated, she offered to make him a tonic to help him sleep. He took it gratefully after she had promised that she would wake in his arms. She had listened to him sleep for a while, her eyes moving over his face as she brushed his unkempt hair from his face. It was only once the moon was high did she move, changing into a simple stola before moving from the chamber. His guard stood watch over the chamber and she informed them that her husband slept soundly while she needed some fresh air, a feeling of nausea passing through her. She made her way to Lucilla's chamber, knocking on the door gently. It didn't take long before Lucilla opened the door, her eyes widening at the sight of the visitor in front of her. \"Livia,\" she spoke her name calmly. \"What brings you here in the middle of the night?\" Livia arched a brow. \"The middle of the night while you are still dressed and shielded with a cloak? Where are you going, Lucilla?\" Lucilla gulped but then nodded her head. Livia deserved the truth. This was all coming to a head. She knew it. She knew that soon enough their plans would come to fruition. It was the way it had to be. \"To see Maximus,\" Lucilla said, not bothering to lie as Livia nodded. \"Then I want to come with you,\" she spoke. Lucilla allowed herself to look shocked at that, her brows knitting together a sshe frowned. \"Commodus…he…he would not be happy.\" \"He sleeps soundly,\" Livia said. \"Lucilla, I do not know what is happening or what you are keeping from me, but I sense there is more to this than you thinking that Commodus would not make a good Emperor. Why would you go to Maximus if that was your only concern? I…the feeling that something is wrong has been plaguing me for a while. I need to hear the words from Maximus. I need him to tell me what is happening.\" Lucilla gulped. \"Livia, I…I do not know if this is wise.\" Livia scoffed. \"I am gone past caring, Lucilla,\" she said. \"I saw how Commodus acted today. I saw the fear in his eyes. I saw the worry on his face. I want to know how Maximus has made him feel this way.\" Lucilla took a moment before nodding. Grabbing hold of Livia's hand, she squeezed it tightly. \"Come with me,\" she said. \"But just remember that I have only wanted the best for you…to protect you like my own sister…that is all I ever wanted.\" …. A/N: Do let me know what you think![Chapter 23] Looking to Maximus, Livia wondered exactly what she felt as she watched him. It took her a few moments to gather herself. Their eyes met and she saw something inside of him. It almost looked like sorrow and pity. His eyes briefly danced down to her stomach and she moved a hand instinctively to rest on top of her protruding belly. Somehow, Senator Gracchus had involved himself in all of this further, despite Livia begging Lucilla not to plot with him. Livia had discovered that Gracchus had entrusted Maximus with Rome. He was to be freed. He was to go and bring his soldiers to Rome and remove Commodus with force. Lucilla had told Livia all of this on the way to see Maximus and Livia had almost found herself turning around to go back to Commodus and tell him instantly. Yet Lucilla had dragged Livia by her side, warning her that there was more to the story. \"You have grown,\" Maximus said, stating the obvious as he stood in the room with Lucilla and Livia. Livia nodded. \"Well, it has been a lot of years,\" she managed to whisper out in a strangled voice as Lucilla remained perched on a seat. \"Too many,\" Maximus nodded, but his gaze flickered over to Lucilla as the elder woman bowed her head, not wishing to think of the time that had escaped her and the soldier. Looking back to Livia, Maximus inhaled a sharp breath before speaking, a sadness to his voice. \"You have grown into a lovely young woman, Livia, very fair…and…I still…well…I still remember the little girl I used to carry down to the river.\" Livia nodded her head. She hadn't come here to dwell on the past. She couldn't dwell on the past. It took her a few seconds before she looked away and then folded her arms over her chest. She began pacing as Maximus remained stood on the spot. He could see the anger inside of her. She was angry because she wanted to protect Commodus. She needed to protect him. \"I had to grow up,\" Livia finally spoke. \"As the wife of the Emperor, I do not doubt that,\" Maximus responded with a curt nod. \"But you do not know the truth, Livia. You do not know who he truly is.\" Livia stopped her pacing then and nodded her head for a few seconds, looking to the ceiling as she blinked back white, hot tears of rage. It took her all of her might to look to Maximus, turning her head to the side and over her shoulder as she saw the former general remain poised. \"I know who he is,\" she said with haste. \"He is my husband. He is…he is a complicated man, but he is a good man. He loves me. He loves Rome. He just…he just doesn't know how to rule because he is young, but he will learn. He has a lot to learn and I vowed to help him. I will stand by his side through all of this. If you attempt to overthrow him then what shall happen? He…he does not deserve this.\" \"He deserves this and so much more,\" Maximus responded, his voice turning harsh as he took a step towards Livia. His movement was enough to make Lucilla move up from her seat, moving to stand by his side, her hand going to his arm. \"What did he do to you?\" Livia demanded. \"Maximus, she is fragile,\" Lucilla whispered. \"She is pregnant…please…\" \"I am fine,\" Livia snapped, not wanting to be spoken of as she glowered to Lucilla and then back to Maximus. \"I want the truth. I want to know why you did this to my husband.\" \"Because your husband is an evil dictator,\" Maximus snarled, unable to listen to Livia defend Commodus. He couldn't do it. He couldn't let that man hold Livia's heart. She deserved someone better. She deserved someone who would not hurt her. \"Your husband has been lying to you. Why do you think he kept you from me, Livia?\" \"Because he did not want me here,\" Livia said, shrugging. \"He is overprotective.\" \"No,\" Maximus said, a firm shake of his head accompanied with grounded teeth. \"Your husband has kept you in the dark because he is scared of you discovering the truth. If you knew the truth then you would leave him, Livia. You would leave him because you…despite everything…you are still that kind hearted and gentle girl I knew.\" Livia moved a hand to her hip, bending slightly as she pressed a hand to her chest. \"Then tell me the truth,\" she demanded. \"Tell me why you hate Commodus so much.\" \"Because he murdered his father,\" Maximus said, snapping loudly as Livia stood up and blinked profusely, shaking her head as Maximus continued speaking. \"Marcus Aurelius had a vision of Rome, Livia. He wanted Rome to become a Republic. He did not trust Commodus to rule. He never trusted him because he knew what he was-\" \"-No,\" Livia said, holding a hand up to silence Maximus as she shook her head and began wandering around, unable to stop herself from pacing as she did her best to control her breathing, her head spinning and her mind a blur. \"No…he couldn't…no…\" \"Commodus killed him on the same night Marcus told him he was entrusting Rome to me,\" Maximus said, knowing that he had to continue. \"I would not take Commodus's hand because I saw through him, Livia. I saw what he was. I saw what he had done. He wanted power. He wanted to be Emperor. He was not innocent. He was never innocent.\" \"He couldn't,\" Livia said, struggling to comprehend her thoughts as she bowed her head and Lucilla watched her pale. \"Commodus would never have done that. He loved his father. He loved Marcus.\" \"He did it,\" Lucilla said in a soft voice, hoping that she could get through to Livia as she moved to her. She took hold of her by the hands, her fingers gripping hers tightly as she looked her in the eye. \"Livia, I love you like a sister. I love you so much…but you need to know the truth. You need to know.\" \"But it cannot be,\" Livia said firmly. \"You wanted to know why I have been acting odd recently and this is the reason why,\" Lucilla said. \"I have been living in fear of my own brother, Livia. I have been so scared of what he might do if you found out the truth…how he might hurt me…or Lucius…\" \"No!\" Livia snapped loudly, pushing Lucilla from her as she held her hands up and felt a sense of sickness pass through her. \"He would never hurt you or Lucius. He loves you. He would never do that.\" \"Livia, he threatened me,\" Lucilla said. \"He did not do it directly, but he threatened me.\" \"Then why did you allow me to marry him?\" Livia snapped, her glare increasing on Lucilla as she questioned everything that she was hearing from the two people in the room with her. \"Why did you give my hand to him when I married him? Why would you do that if you knew the truth? If you love me as a sister then why permit me to marry your brother if he is such a monster?\" \"I know,\" Lucilla said in a whisper. \"I regret that, Livia. I regret even letting you marry him, but I had no other choice. I told you, I am scared of him. I am scared of my own brother. I am scared of what he is capable of…what he might do…he killed my father.\" \"No,\" Livia said, still refusing to believe it, despite the fact that tears were falling down her face. \"Commodus would never do that. He couldn't.\" \"Think about it,\" Lucilla urged from her. \"Think of everything that he has told you. You said yourself how you did not think that Maximus wanted control over Rome. He doesn't. He wanted to go home to his family. He wanted to be free. My brother snatched that from him. Why else would Commodus want him dead so badly if he did not fear him?\" Livia dropped her hands to her hips as Luiclla watched her. She had stopped arguing and denying the allegations. Instead she found herself gasping for breath, a hand on her stomach as she bent slightly and moved to sit down on the seat Lucilla had occupied. Lucilla began to move to her, but Maximus held a hand up to her and shook his head. He took his steps slowly before kneeling before her, seeing how her tears fell down her cheeks and into her lap as she closed her eyes. \"I know this is hard,\" Maximus said, struggling to contain his anger. But it was not anger for the young woman in front of him. It was anger for the bastard who had lied to her. \"Livia, I know that this is not easy, but it is the truth. Deep down, I think you know that. I think you know that Commodus has been lying to you. You know that…\" \"But not this,\" Livia said, her voice hoarse. \"Not…not this…\" \"I know,\" Maximus said. \"But Livia, I would not lie to you.\" \"Nor would Commodus,\" she whispered, looking to Maximus. \"He promised never to lie to me.\" \"And in some twisted way I think that he does care for you,\" Maximus said, \"but that does not detract from the horrors he has caused. Livia…you…he…he has what I once had. He has a wife and a child on the way. He took that from me. He sent for me to be killed because I did not take his hand and I…in a sense…I accepted that. I accepted that he would kill me to further his own agenda, but he went further, Livia.\" Livia gulped then, wondering what she was about to be told as it took her a few moments to gather herself. But as soon as she was thinking rationally, she wanted to go back to thinking irrationally. When she pieced things together she understood what he had told her. But that hurt. It hurt more than not knowing. Commodus had everything Maximus had. He had used the past tense. Horror dawned over Livia as she shook her head with haste. \"No,\" she whispered hastily. \"No…he didn't…\" \"I escaped and I found their bodies, Livia. He had them killed…burned…put on display.\" \"No!\" Livia roared then and jumped to her feet. \"He wouldn't. He would never do that. He would never have hurt them.\" \"He did,\" Maximus said, standing tall again and looking to her as she became hysterical, tears pouring down her face as she covered her face with her hands. \"Livia, I found their bodies. I heard Quintus tell me how I would be reunited with them in the next life. I am not lying. I am telling you the truth and you know that. Deep down you know that.\" \"No!\" Livia snapped loudly. \"Commodus is not evil. He is not this monster you portray him as. I know him…I know that he is flawed. I know that he has done wrong before…made mistakes…but murder? Threats? That is not my husband. That is not Commodus.\" \"Livia, it is,\" Lucilla tried to speak. \"Please, try to see this for what it is. It is the truth. Your love for Commodus has you blinded and I can understand that, but you know him…you have seen him…he can be volatile and possessive. He can be controlling and delusional…he is not innocent.\" \"None of us are!\" Livia snapped back. \"But that does not make him what you say he is…not m husband…my Commodus…\" Lucilla moved with haste as the young woman finally broke down. Moving to envelope her in her arms, Lucilla held her close, refusing to let her break free from her hold despite her protesting. Cradling her, Lucilla felt Livia finally weaken, her forehead resting on her shoulder as she sobbed loudly and kept on whispering 'no' and 'it can't be' into her skin. Lucilla closed her own eyes before looking to Maximus, wondering how this could ever be made right again. … Returning to her chamber, Livia was relieved to see Commodus was still asleep. Her cheeks were still stained and tears continued to flow silently. She had stormed from Maximus and Lucilla eventually, unable to listen to the two of them anymore. Her thoughts were plaguing her and she had felt the need to be sick. She had somehow managed to find her way back to her chamber and she had stood and watched as her husband slept soundly. The sheet pooled at his bare waist as Livia watched him. How could he have done the things they had accused him of? How could he be so evil? He couldn't have. She refused to believe it. Instead she had watched Commodus sleep. She sat at the side of the bed and watched him sleep, wondering what she would do when he woke up. ….. A/N: Do let me know what you think![Chapter 24] Livia waited with patience for Commodus the following morning. She had changed into fresh clothing while he had slept and then moved away and towards the dining area. She had seen Lucilla and Lucius. The little boy seemed to be in his own world. He had no idea of what had happened. He did not know what his uncle had done. He did not know how his mother had plotted. He was innocent in all of this. Of course, Livia knew that Lucilla's plan would be in action that evening. She had sent word to Gracchus that Maximus needed to be set free to ride for his men that night. In another day Maximus would be free. He would return to Rome and overthrow Commodus. He would ruin Commodus. Livia closed her eyes as she thought about it. \"Have you spoken with him?\" Lucilla dared to wonder once she had sent Lucius on his way to play. \"Not yet.\" \"I need you to wait,\" Lucilla said in a whisper. \"I need you not to speak with him, Livia. Please…I worry what he might do…if he might find out.\" \"I will say nothing of your plan,\" Livia said, refusing to touch the food in front of her as she watched Lucilla, seeing how the woman's face etched with worry. \"But I am not pretending, Lucilla. I have been lied to by him…by you…no more. I want the truth.\" \"Livia-\" \"-Your plot will remain quiet and covered up,\" Livia said through gritted teeth. \"However, should it come to fruition I ask one thing of you.\" \"What is it?\" \"I want Commodus spared,\" Livia said and Lucilla's eyes widened. \"I want him either exiled or jailed. I will not see him die. Do you understand me?\" \"Livia, if he does not come quietly-\" \"-This is my demand,\" Livia said, not caring to listen to Lucilla and her words anymore. Enough had been said and she did not care to hear anymore. Instead she arched her brow and Lucilla sighed softly and moved to her feet. Looking down onto Livia, it was another moment before she spoke, her eyes wet and her face full of fear. \"He deserves death for what he has done,\" she whispered so no one could possibly overhear. \"My brother is a monster. He is evil. Yet you beg for his life. You cannot be his redemption, Livia. He has no redemption.\" Before Livia could even begin to respond, Lucilla had left, walking away from her. It was then when Livia saw Quintus moving towards the room. She stood to her feet and looked to him. She had only dealt with Quintus on a few occasions, but she had found him to be a pliable man. It was another moment before she dared to nod her head, indicating for him to come to her. \"My lady,\" he spoke with an incline of his head. \"Tell me the truth, Quintus,\" she demanded from him, her voice shaking slightly. \"I know that you fought alongside Maximus. I know that you remember the same man I once knew. Is he telling me the truth? Were his wife and child murdered on orders from my husband?\" Quintus said nothing then and Livia saw his face falter. It was then when she knew the truth. She did not need him to confirm it for her. Closing her eyes, she turned her face to the side as a single tear fell down her cheek. \"My lady, I serve your husband,\" Quintus said with haste. \"But I also serve you.\" \"Your silence speaks for you, Quintus,\" Livia said. \"You may go.\" The guard left then and Livia stayed by herself. Livia took a moment to let out a nervous breath she had been holding in, burying her face into her hands as she felt tears begin to flow down her cheeks. Her sobs grew louder, her body shaking as she shook her head. How could he have done this? How could he have ruined everything? In that moment, Livia felt nothing but despair and disgust. Moving to her feet, she rushed through the halls, not caring who saw her in this state. She rushed back to her chamber, opening the door wide to see Commodus awake. He was finishing dressing, placing his rings onto his fingers as he turned his gaze to his wife. The smile on his face soon fell when he saw her face. She was sobbing uncontrollably, but her expression showed nothing but rage. Commodus inhaled a sharp breath as she made her way to him and he remained perplexed. Livia moved with haste, her fists pushing on his chest with as much force as she could muster, pushing him backwards as she roared at him, her voice loud and full of rage. \"How could you?\" she demanded from him. \"How could you do this? How could you ruin everything?\" \"Livia…my love…please, calm down.\" \"I am not your love!\" Livia responded, all of the rage she had held in for the past night flowing through her as she dared to move her hand, slapping him across the face as she saw his cheek turned to the side. Commodus ground his teeth together as he felt his flesh sting, his hand coming up to cup his cheek. He felt anger boil inside of him as he turned his glare to his wife and he understood what had happened. He knew full well what she had done. \"You went to him,\" Commodus spoke. \"Do not turn this onto me,\" Livia demanded, pointing at him as her cheeks turned red. \"Do not dare put any of this on me. You lied to me. You…you lied to me after you promised never to lie to me. I am your wife. Does that mean nothing to you?\" \"It means everything to me and you know that,\" Commodus snapped at her. \"You mean everything to me.\" \"Then why?\" Livia wondered, her arms flapping by her sides as she shrugged. \"Why did you do it? Why did you kill your own father? Why did you murder Maximus's wife and child…his son…you sent men to kill them…\" \"You have been listening to his poison,\" Commodus sneered at her, shaking his head as he watched her begin to pace. \"You went to him and you listened to his lies. Yet you believe them. You believe what he has told you.\" \"Do not do this!\" Livia roared at him. \"Do not think me so foolish! I went to him after you had kept me from him. Why do you think that I went, Commodus? I went because I knew you were keeping secrets from me, but never did I think it would be anything like this. Never did I dream that you could be this man…but it makes sense. I spent all night thinking about it. I spent all night wondering why you would be so desperate to keep me from Maximus…why you would be so desperate to have him killed to the point of distraction. I am tired, Commodus. I am tired of living the lie.\" \"And you think that I have lied to you?\" Commodus arched a brow. \"You believe him over me.\" \"I asked Quintus, Commodus,\" Livia snapped. \"I asked him if his men had been sent to Spain and he told me they had. How many other people are lying to me? Do I need to find the guards you sent and ask them too? It seems as though there is a pattern, Commodus…everyone but you is telling me the truth.\" Commodus didn't entirely know what he was going to say to her then. Words failed him as he saw his wife watch him, her eyes wide and wet. Her face was still full of anger, but there was sorrow. There was disgust. There was hurt and pain. Commodus watched her before he dared to move towards her, his hands outstretched as he tried to take hold of her, but she recoiled, moving back from him. \"Just tell me the truth for once,\" Livia urged from him, moving to perch on the stool at her dresser. \"Just sit down and tell me the truth.\" \"You will leave me,\" Commodus said with a shake of his head. \"I know you will.\" \"Do not put any of this on me,\" she snapped. \"I am not going to sit here and offer you reassurances. I am not going to sit here and listen to you manipulate me.\" \"Then what do you want?\" \"I want to know why you did this,\" she hissed. \"I did it for us,\" Commodus said, arms falling by his side as he looked to her, his gaze pleading, begging for her to see the truth. \"Livia, I had no other option. When I rode for Germania I was so happy. I knew that you would be waiting for me when I returned, but then my father…he told me how I would not rule…how I was not fit to rule. He told me how I could marry you because I was not to be Emperor. He would not have let me be with you if I were to rule. That hurt me, Livia. That hurt me to know that my own father would have denied me Rome…thought me unworthy…cast you aside…I was angry, Livia. Everything had come true that I feared. My father never loved me, just as I said he did not.\" Livia could hear the anguish in his voice as he sunk down onto the bottom of the bed, bowing his head and running his hands along his cheeks. \"And so you killed him?\" \"I was angry,\" Commodus whispered. \"I held him close and I couldn't stop. I felt the life drain from his body.\" Livia looked away from him then, disgust running through her body as she closed her eyes. \"But he gave us his blessing. Yes, you would not have ruled, but we would have been happy…we would have been together…\" \"I was angry that he did not think you worthy of an Emperor,\" Commodus said. \"I was angry that he did not love me or trust me. I was never good enough, Livia. You cannot understand how that feels. You cannot know.\" \"Perhaps not,\" Livia responded, \"but you murdered your own father, Commodus.\" \"And I regret that,\" Commodus told her with a nod of his head. \"I regret what I did, but I did it for us to be together, Livia. I did it for us to rule side by side.\" \"But I never wanted to rule!\" Livia snapped. \"I just wanted you. I only wanted you.\" \"And I you.\" \"Then why do this?\" she shrugged. \"Why did you send for Maximus to be killed? Why would you do that?\" \"Because he suspected I had killed my father,\" Commodus said with a shake of his head. \"If he had his way then he would have overthrown me, Livia. I could not have that. I could never have let him do that.\" \"And sending someone to murder his wife and child?\" Livia continued to push. Commodus looked away then. \"You cannot even defend that, can you?\" Livia said, a fresh wave of grief coming over her as she thought about how frightened that woman and child must have been. She moved to her feet unsteadily as Commodus watched her. \"You cannot even think of how to defend that. You killed them…a defenceless woman and a child…\" \"I could not risk-\" \"-I do not want to listen to your excuses,\" Livia said with a firm shake of her head. \"There is no excuse, Commodus. There is no excusing what you have done.\" \"Everything I have ever done has been for us,\" Commodus said, scrambling to his feet. \"I have done it for you…to keep us safe and happy.\" \"No!\" Livia shouted then, rage boiling inside of her as she pointed to him once more. \"You did this for yourself! You did this so that you could be Emperor. You did this because you wanted power…you chose to kill your father. You chose to kill Maximus and his wife and child.\" \"You think that I want power?\" Commodus demanded from her. \"All I wanted was acceptance, Livia. I wanted acceptance from my father. I wanted him to accept that I could rule Rome. I wanted him to accept that I was a good enough man to do so.\" \"And there might have been a time when I said he was wrong,\" Livia shrugged. \"I would have agreed with you and not with him. I believed that you would have made a good ruler because I thought that you…that you were kind…loving…and the people of Rome would have seen that. But now I know differently…now I see someone else…someone who is not the man I married…what happened to you? What happened to the man who said that he would abandon everything for me, just as I would do for him? The man I love…where is he?\" \"He is still here,\" Commodus said, rushing to her and taking hold of her by the hands, his grip tight enough not to let her go. He couldn't let her go. He didn't want to let her go. He needed to keep her. \"Livia, I am still me. I am still the man you love.\" \"No,\" Livia said with a shake of her head. \"He would never have done all of these things. He was not a murderer.\" \"I love you, Livia,\" Commodus said with haste. \"Livia, I adore you…I need you…my darling…my love…I cannot let anything happen to you. I cannot let anyone ruin our marriage…our love…\" \"Do you not see?\" Livia demanded from him, a hand moving to his cheek, holding it softly. \"No one else ruined us, Commodus…you ruined us.\" Livia moved then, dropping her hand from his skin as she tried to pull her other hand from his. But Commodus's grip was tight. His fingers kept hold of her as he tugged her back to him. She continued to fight him as she saw his eyes grow wet and his teeth ground together, his jaw jutting out. \"Let go of me,\" Livia demanded from him. \"No,\" Commodus said. \"I am not letting you go, Livia. You are my wife. You are mine.\" \"You have lost me!\" Livia roared back at him. \"I want to be nowhere near you. Let go of me now!\" She tried her best to push him from her, but Commodus kept his grip tight on her, his hands moving to her wrists as she continued to flail around in his hold. But Commodus was stronger. He moved with haste, throwing Livia down and onto the bed as he pointed to her, watching her hold herself up with her hands as she remained bent over the bed. \"You are going nowhere, Livia,\" Commodus said, his tone stern. \"I am going to put this right. I am going to see to it that this is put right and we will be fine…we will be as we once were…you love me. I know that. I know you love me and you will see that everything I did was for us in time. You just need time. You need to understand.\" \"Just because I love you does not mean that I can forgive you,\" Livia whispered. \"You will,\" Commodus said with a nod of his head. \"I am your husband and Emperor. You will honour and adore me.\" \"What happened to you?\" Livia whispered, her voice shallow and croaky. \"Why did you do this?\" \"Because it was necessary,\" Commodus said. \"In time you shall see that, Livia, and I shall give you time. I shall give you the time you need, my love.\" Before Livia could even scramble to her feet, Commodus had moved with haste. He opened the door to the chamber and shut it, turning the key in the lock as he looked to the two guards stood on duty. A small and forced smile formed on his face, trying to show that everything was fine as he heard his wife begin to bang on the door, demanding for him to let her out. \"She is to stay in there and no one is to enter,\" Commodus instructed the men. \"I will return later, but she is to be kept under guard. Is that understood?\" \"Yes, sire,\" the men echoed in unison. Commodus turned on his heel and began moving away from Livia's yells. He closed his eyes as he made his way through the hallways, wondering exactly how he could make all of this better. There had to be a way. He was not going to lose Livia. He would keep his wife. He would do anything to keep his wife. … A/N: Not many more chapters left. Do let me know what you think![Chapter 25] Lucilla found her brother just following lunch after she had spoken with Gracchus. The sun was high in the sky and Lucilla had found the afternoon heat to be too much for her. Her brother was perched in a chair in the dining hall, leant forwards with his hands clasped together. Lucilla's pace slowed down as she approached him. She saw something in his gaze. She saw something that looked troubling to her. Livia had clearly found him. She knew the truth now and, judging by his face, he knew that she knew the truth. It took a few moments before Lucilla dared to speak, making her presence known to her brother as he remained lost in his own thoughts. \"Brother, what are you doing here?\" Lucilla enquired, hands clasped in front of her as she arched her brows and her forehead wrinkled. \"Where is Livia?\" Commodus did not respond. Instead he looked up to his sister and moved to his feet. Looking to her, he kept his gaze even and square. He knew that his sister had betrayed him. He knew full well that she was the one who had betrayed him to Livia. She had to have been. Judging from the pained expression on her face, he knew it to be true too. \"Livia is resting,\" Commodus spoke, wondering how he should approach this with his sister. \"She finds herself to be exhausted. I believe that the pregnancy is taking its toll on her. Plus she went out last night. She ventured to see Maximus.\" \"Did she?\" Lucilla asked, playing ignorance as she continued to watch her brother. \"I had thought that she would be under your guard's watch.\" \"Apparently she dismissed them,\" Commodus responded. \"His lies have filled her head with nonsense, yet she believes them. Tell me, sister, did she go to Maximus alone or did she have company? I know how he was your lover. I know you have feelings for him.\" \"Do not be absurd,\" Lucilla said, knowing that she had to escape her brother's gaze soon. By tonight Maximus would be free and Commodus would be angry. He would suspect her even more. But she had to escape him until then. \"Commodus, my feelings for Maximus are held in the past. Regardless, I would not think of taking your wife anywhere like that…at night…I know she is pregnant and needs to be kept safe.\" \"I see,\" Commodus said. But he knew that she was lying to him. He could sense it. He could sense her lies. \"Livia is simply not thinking rationally, Commodus,\" Lucilla said. \"She is pregnant. She is confused. Give her time to realise that.\" \"If I lose my wife to Maximus's lies then I shall do everything in my power to make those who took her from me suffer,\" Commodus said, his eyes wide and his face full of anger and threat. It was a moment before Lucilla nodded her head, knowing full well what he was saying. He didn't believe her. He didn't trust her in the slightest. Yet she had to get away from him. She needed to stop him before he did something to her or Lucius. \"As it should be,\" Lucilla said and Commodus wondered if his threat had been enough of a warning. \"But do not punish Livia, brother.\" \"I am not,\" Commodus said with a shake of his head. \"I am giving her time for her to see sense and understand what it is that shall happen.\" \"And what shall happen?\" Lucilla dared to wonder from her brother. \"She will love me as a wife is supposed to love her husband,\" Commodus responded. \"She will do that again when she comes to her senses and sees that I am her truth. She will understand.\" … Commodus was beyond angry. He was fuming. He had discovered his sister's plot from his nephew. She had been foolish in speaking of Maximus as though he was the saviour of Rome in front of a child. Commodus knew then that there could be no trusting her. He had demanded for her to tell him everything that she had done and she had done that. He had held Lucius by his side as he threatened her without the child knowing. She had told him how Maximus was to escape that night. Commodus had sent his guard to stop him, demanding for him to be brought to the Coliseum. Commodus would kill him once and for all. He would end all of this. Once he had finished with his sister, he had stormed back to his chambers to find his wife. The door had flung open as the night fell and he knew his guards would be on route to stop Maximus. He found Livia sat on the edge of the bed, hands holding her stomach. She didn't bother to turn around to face him, but Commodus was quick. He moved with haste, grabbing hold of her elbows as he hauled her to her feet and his guards closed the door, leaving him in peace with his wife. \"Did you know?\" he roared at her as she tried to push him from her once more. \"Did you know what they were planning?\" \"Get off of me,\" Livia demanded, still squirming in his grip as she longed to push him from her. He was strong though, a hand moving to grip her chin, his fingers forceful as he moved his face closer to hers, looking her in the eye. \"Did you know?!\" he screamed this time and Livia recoiled from him, feeling a sense of fear as she felt tears roll down her face. He moved from her then, pushing her face from his hands and to the side with force before stepping back from her. She closed her eyes and felt the tears continue to slide down her face, wondering how the two of them had come to this. How could this have happened to both of them? It was another moment before Commodus raked a hand through his hair. \"I trusted you,\" Commodus said, his voice full of hurt. \"Just as I trusted you,\" Livia responded. \"But you would let them come and overthrow me?\" Commodus checked with her. \"You would see Maximus return to Rome with his army and kill me.\" \"No,\" Livia said with haste. \"I asked for you to be spared, Commodus. I did not want you to be killed…exiled…jailed…anything but dead.\" \"You kept it from me,\" Commodus said and Livia felt her chest begin to ache. \"You kept this from me. You stood there and never told me, yet you knew. You knew and you said nothing.\" \"Do you not wonder why?\" she asked from him. \"Commodus, perhaps this is the right thing to do? Your father wanted Rome to be a Republic. You…do you think that you should truly be Emperor, Commodus? You murdered your father…you butchered an innocent woman and child…\" \"So you do not have faith in me either?\" \"I had undying faith in you until the other day!\" Livia snapped, refusing to let Commodus see himself as a victim to all of this. \"I thought that you were simply young and inexperienced. I thought that I could help you…I thought that you would learn and one day be a great Emperor, but then I discovered the truth. I discovered the truth and all of that faith I had in you died. It died along with our marriage.\" \"You cannot mean that,\" Commodus said with haste. \"But I do,\" Livia said and Commodus felt his own eyes grow with tears. \"What hope is there for us, Commodus? How can you expect us to be how we were when I know what you have done? My husband is a liar and a murderer. I have had time to sit here, just as you wished, but that time has not allowed me to forgive you, Commodus. It has made me grow to detest you even more for what you have done…for what you have ruined…\" \"No,\" Commodus said with a shake of his head. \"What hope is there, Commodus?\" she wondered from him. \"I know everything now. I know and I can't go back to how it was. I can never go back.\" \"What are you trying to say, Livia?\" Commodus demanded from her. Livia shrugged her shoulders, uncertain of what she was trying to say. She didn't know. She didn't know what she was going to do. All that she could think of was what might happen that night when Maximus was due to escape. \"I do not know,\" Livia admitted to him. \"I do not know what I am trying to say, but…do not expect me to forgive you for any of this.\" \"Livia-\" \"-Stop it,\" Livia interrupted him. \"I don't want to listen, Commodus. Nothing that you say is going to change my mind. I…I cannot.\" \"Please,\" Commodus said with haste, moving to her and taking hold of her by the waist, grabbing hold of her as he moved his hands up and down her sides. He saw her look down to the ground, unable to look him in the eye. He moved then, bending down until his forehead brushed hers, urging her to look at him. \"Livia, please, do not say that. Please…I need you…I have always needed you…you and only you.\" Livia shook her head against his. \"We can't,\" Livia said with a firm voice. \"We can't pretend or go back to how we were. That can never happen. Why did you do this?\" \"For us.\" \"No,\" Livia said, moving her hands to his cheeks and holding them tightly as she felt herself begin to cry, her hands trailing down his cheeks and to his neck as Commodus kept hold of her waist. \"You didn't do this for us…you ruined us by doing this…you ruined us…how could you? How could you do this? How could you do this to us? I…I love you…I love you so much and you…we could have been happy. We were so happy and we're having a baby, Commodus. Why did you do this?\" \"Livia, my love, please,\" Commodus whispered before he saw her hold her hands up in the air and step backwards, the warmth of her body leaving his as she continued to walk back from him. \"We can't go back from this,\" Livia said in a small voice. \"Just…do the right thing, Commodus. Do the right thing and walk away from Rome. Walk away and let Maximus go.\" \"No,\" Commodus responded with a firm shake of his head. \"I will never do that, Livia. Maximus will be forgotten of by tomorrow evening. I shall see to it.\" She inhaled a sharp breath then. \"What have you done?\" she wondered from him. \"Commodus, what have you done?\" \"Everything in my power to stop Maximus,\" Commodus said firmly. \"No,\" Livia said. \"Commodus, do not-\" \"-Do you not see?\" Commodus demanded from her. \"If I do not kill him then he shall kill me. There is no way that both of us will live. This is how it has to be. He has tested me for the final time, Livia.\" \"What are you going to do?\" Livia demanded from her husband, her hands clenching into fists by her sides as Commodus stepped forwards, lifting a hand to her cheek and cupping it gently, hearing her softly exhale at the feeling of his touch. He said nothing for a few moments before he nodded his head. \"I am going to stop Maximus,\" he whispered to her. \"I am going to do what I should have done all those weeks ago. I will fight him in the arena, Livia. I will fight him and I will win. Then the people will see me for who I truly am.\" \"No,\" Livia said with haste, shaking her head back and forth as she moved to grab his hands, holding them tightly as she stepped towards him, her eyes searching his as Commodus remained besotted with her. \"Commodus, if you fight Maximus…he…if he kills you…\" Commodus shook his head, moving a hand to wipe away the stray tears down her cheeks. \"You weep for me?\" he asked from her. \"You weep for my death?\" \"You cannot do this,\" Livia said to him. \"Commodus, you cannot go against Maximus. He would win…we both know that…we know he is a skilled fighter. He would kill you. Please, think this through. Be rational for once in your life. Do the right thing and just leave Rome. Leave here…please.\" \"I shall not run,\" Commodus said firmly. \"I shall do what needs to be done.\" Livia stepped away from him then, covering her hands with her mouth as she pictured what was going to happen. Commodus would fight Maximus. He would not win. Livia knew that. Commodus did not have the experience of Maximus. He was going to get himself killed. Watching as his wife moved to the balcony, her gaze set on the Coliseum in the distance as he moved behind her, wrapping his arms around her waist, his hands splaying on her stomach as he spoke to her, whispering in her ear as he felt her shudder in his grip. \"Everything will be as it once was,\" he promised her. \"I shall see to it. You…and me…and our child…I am being merciful, Livia. I am showing mercy to my sister for plotting behind my back…I am showing mercy to you for not telling me of her plots. The people will love me because of my compassion. I just need you to understand that, my love. I need you to understand that by tomorrow evening it shall be as it should be. I am not letting you go, Livia. I am never letting you go.\" Closing her eyes as she felt him kiss her neck, Livia continued to sob. The only problem was she didn't entirely know who she was sobbing for anymore. … A/N: Do let me know what you think![Chapter 26] Livia sat next to Lucilla as the sun broke the following morning. She had changed into a dark green stola, her hair a mess around her head as she followed her husband to the dining area where Lucilla was sat. Tears stained her cheeks and her lips were slightly parted as she looked to Livia and saw that the woman's expression mirrored her own. Commodus had seen Senator Gaius stood by the balcony and he had moved to speak with him after pulling a chair out for his wife. Livia watched the back of his head as she felt Lucilla take hold of her hand. She picked it up, her fingers holding onto hers tightly. Livia turned to look to her sister-in-law, bowing her head as Lucilla moved to comfort her. She let Livia rest her head on her shoulder, her forehead pressing against her skin as Lucilla kept a hand holding hers, her other hand stroking the young woman's hair. \"I have you,\" Lucilla whispered so that only Livia could hear her. \"I have you, Livia.\" \"I can't…Lucilla…\" Livia blubbered, unable to stop herself. She pulled back up to look to Lucilla, wondering just how everything was going to end. The haze of the sun was low as Gaius and Commodus spoke. It was a few minutes before Commodus turned around and looked to Lucilla and Livia, seeing how the two women clung onto each other. His voice was low and soft as he spoke, his face seeming to show a pained expression. \"And what of my nephew?\" Commodus wondered aloud. \"What of his mother? Should they share her lover's fate or should I be merciful?\" Livia moved to her feet then, shaking slightly as she saw Commodus move back into the room and pass by Gaius. Livia could hardly stand to look at the Senator, wondering just what poison he had been spilling into her husband's ear. She ground her teeth together, unable to stop herself from feeling a rage build up inside of her at the sight of the smarmy Senator. \"Commodus, please,\" Livia said with haste. \"Do not harm Lucilla.\" \"She went against me,\" Commodus spoke, looking to his wife. \"Both of you decided to plot against me.\" \"No,\" Lucilla said then, her voice croaking as she looked at her brother. \"Do not punish Livia for this. She did nothing. She did not want this.\" \"But she went along with it,\" Commodus spoke. \"She did not warn me. She hurt me…harmed my feelings…but you, dear sister, you chose to plot with the others. You chose to hurt me. You chose to go against me. That is why Lucius will stay with me now.\" Livia felt herself struggle for breath as she moved forwards, going to her husband and taking hold of him by the arm, trying to get him to see reason. But he was looking to Lucilla as his arm went to snake around his wife's waist, keeping her close by his side as he continued to speak. The words that left his mouth were not the words of the man Livia had known. They were cruel and callous. They were harsh and stinging. \"If his mother so much as looks at me the wrong way…he will die,\" Commodus said and Livia felt a sickening churning in her stomach. \"If she decides to be noble and takes her own life, then she shall die.\" \"Commodus,\" Livia whispered in a plea. But then Commodus turned to look down to his wife, watching as she backed away from him. The fear in her gaze was evident as she struggled to let her eyes meet his. She had seen the rage that sat there. She had seen the hatred inside of him. Backing away, she watched as he moved towards her, her back hitting a pillar as she moved no further. \"And you,\" he addressed his wife, \"you will love me as I love you. You will honour me as you once did. You will adore me as you once did. You will provide us with an heir and secure our future in Rome.\" \"No,\" Livia said with a shake of her head as Commodus finally stood in front of her, his hand moving to squeeze her chin, forcing her tear filled gaze up to his. He looked down to his wife, seeing the fear in her face and knowing that would disappear eventually. She would see. She would understand. \"Am I not merciful, Livia?\" he asked from her as he moved his hand to stroke her cheek. \"Do you not see? I am being merciful. I am showing pity.\" \"This is not mercy,\" Livia whispered to him. \"This is torture for Lucilla…Lucius has done nothing.\" \"Then he shall have nothing to fear so long as his mother does not step out of line.\" \"You should never have threatened him in the first place,\" Livia said, shaking her head as her eyes searched his and she let out a shaky breath as she allowed his hand to continue stroking her cheek softly. \"I do not know who you are anymore. I do not know who you have become.\" \"I am your husband,\" Commodus said. \"I am yours and you are mine. That is all there is to it.\" \"I may be your wife,\" Livia said, \"but it is in name only.\" Commodus moved his hand to her chin, squeezing it tightly as he forced her to look to him and Lucilla moved to her feet, standing behind her brother's shoulder as she glowered at him. \"Let her go,\" Lucilla demanded as Commodus's grip remained intense, his gaze unrelenting on Livia. \"I gave you everything!\" he yelled at her. \"I gave you all of me and this is how you repay me? You repay me with betrayal and insolence! I gave you everything I have…I gave you it all…and yet you reject it…you reject me.\" \"You do not see it, do you?\" Livia snapped back. \"I only wanted you! I did not want Rome…luxuries…I wanted you!\" \"And you had me,\" Commodus snapped back. \"You still have me, Livia.\" \"But this is not you,\" Livia said as his grip on her chin slackened slightly as she shook her head. \"This is not you.\" \"But it is!\" he yelled back at her. \"Do you not see? This is what the Gods had planned. This is what I am, Livia. This is me!\" Livia looked to him, her eyes moving over his features as she bit on her tongue for a moment and then shook her head. \"Then if this is you…I do not want you.\" Lucilla knew that Livia had said the wrong thing. No matter how honest she was being, Commodus did not wish to hear that. Yet Lucilla knew the pain that Livia was feeling. She knew how the girl loved Commodus. She adored him. She had worshipped him. Everything had come tumbling down around her once she had learned the truth. Everything she had thought to be true had been a lie. Commodus saw red then, his hands moving to her shoulders and squeezing them tightly as she continued to try to push him from her. But he was strong, he had her pressed against the column, his head bowed down to hers as rage clouded his vision. \"You are mine!\" Commodus snapped loudly. \"There is nothing to it, Livia. You are always going to be mine!\" Livia said nothing further as Commodus dropped his tight grip from her, moving away and raking a hand through his hair as Gaius looked to him, a vague sense of amusement on his features at the sight he was witnessing. He said nothing, however, choosing to lurk in the shadows. Lucilla grabbed hold of Livia, wrapping her arms around her waist and holding her as close as she could without pressing against her protruding stomach. Wrapping a hand into the young woman's hair, Lucilla continued to hold onto her as Livia kept her arms by her sides, unable to move out of fear of what had just happened. Looking to the two women, Commodus let out a shaky breath. \"You shall both prepare yourselves for the final battle and I shall speak with you following it. Am I understood?\" Neither one of them answered as Commodus swept from the room, leaving them alone. … Commodus entered the jail underneath the Coliseum as he heard the crowd roar from above. His strides were long and purposeful, his armour the most grand he could find. Moving along the floor, he saw Maximus strung up in front of him. He kept his glare intense as his pace slowed while he approached him, looking around the prison as the crowd began to chant for their new hero. \"Maximus,\" Commodus echoed in a whisper. \"Maximus.\" Maximus said nothing in response. Instead he looked to the Emperor and knew that this was how it was going to end. The both of them fighting each other. \"The general who became a slave…a slave who became a gladiator…and the gladiator who defied an Emperor,\" Commodus spoke with a nod of his head. \"It is a striking story, but the people want to know how the story will end. What better ending than fighting the Emperor himself?\" Maximus said nothing. Instead he sneered, his lips curled as his mouth then formed a smirk. \"Do you think I am afraid?\" Commodus demanded as he saw Maximus look anything but frightened. \"I think you have been afraid all of your life,\" Maximus said, \"but now I see that you're even more afraid of what will happen out there because you know, despite everything, you have lost. You have lost the one thing you have ever truly wanted.\" Commodus ground his teeth together and shook his head. \"She loves me.\" \"Perhaps,\" Maximus said, \"but she will never want you, just as your father never wanted you to rule Rome.\" Commodus felt himself grow dizzy with anger then. \"You loved my father, I know that,\" he said with a nod of his head. \"Just as you love Livia and Lucilla. But Livia is mine now. She is no longer the little girl who favoured you…no longer the child you adored…she is my wife now. She is a grown woman. She is mine.\" \"And it is my adoration for her that will make it so difficult for me to kill you in front of her.\" \"You think that you shall kill me?\" Commodus snapped. \"I think that it shall be easy enough,\" Maximus said. \"You know, I knew a man who once said death smiled down at us. All we could do was smile back when we met it.\" Commodus arched a brow. \"And did your friend smile at his own death?\" \"You should know,\" Maximus whispered, \"it was your father.\" Commodus nodded his head and he moved closer to him, arms going around him as he embraced him tightly. \"Then smile for me now, brother,\" he spoke and he drove the small dagger into Maximus's side, watching as the man winced in pain and Commodus pulled back, concealing the blade once again. He looked to Quintus as Maximus continued panting for breath. \"Conceal the wound and strap on his armour,\" he demanded before turning on his heel and leaving, knowing that this was the only way he could defeat Maximus. … Livia could not stop shaking as she sat in her chair in the Coliseum. The seat next to her, reserved for the Emperor, was empty. She had looked to it, her eyes watering and wide as she tried to control herself. Commodus had ordered his guard to escort Livia and Lucilla to the Coliseum, but the two women were unable to do anything. Both of them were too full of worry and fear. Lucius had tried to ask his mother what was wrong, but she had insisted she was fine. It was only when the two men made their appearance, surrounded by Commodus's guard did Livia move from her seat. Rose petals fell around them from the crowd, the noise too much for Livia to bear. She stumbled forwards to the edge of the steps, leaning against the stone ledge as the guard kept Commodus and Maximus covered. Lucilla moved to her feet, looking down as the guards parted and rushed away, giving the two men space to commence their fight. Commodus lifted his arms into the air as the crowd cheered and he walked around. \"He can't do this,\" Livia whispered, tears streaming down her face as Lucilla held her around the shoulders. \"I can't let him.\" \"It is too late, Livia,\" Lucilla said. \"It can't be.\" But then it was. Their blades began to swing and Livia watched on as the two men's swords clashed together. Covering her mouth with her hands, Livia felt her fingers grow wet from her tears. Fear took hold of her as she saw Maximus seem to stumble but recover with haste, enough to get Commodus on the back foot. The two men parted then, looking to each other before Commodus lunged forwards, blades clashing once more. It was only when Livia saw Maximus manage to push Commodus to the ground did she shriek into her hands. It was another moment before Commodus responded, cutting Maximus down his leg before he lunged at him again. But Maximus was quick. He blocked the movement and managed to push Commodus back, slicing his arm and causing him to drop his sword. \"No,\" Livia said firmly and moved before Lucilla could stop her. \"Livia!\" Lucilla yelled out, but the woman was already running away from her. The guard didn't stop her as she moved to the staircase and ran in the direction of the fighting pit, her feet carrying her as fast as she could as she looked to the guard on the gate. He stood tall and Livia did not bother to ask him to open the gate. Instead she opened it herself as she heard her husband yell. \"Sword!\" he roared. \"Quintus, sword!\" But his demands seemed to fall on death ears. Commodus turned on the spot, looking at all of the guards. \"Sword! Give me your sword!\" It was then when Quintus stepped forwards. \"Sheath your swords!\" he demanded from them as Livia moved in between the guards into the open space where the two men were fighting. Maximus dropped his own sword, his hand stretched in front of him as Livia saw her husband move into his armour by his elbow, pulling out a dagger. \"Commodus!\" she shouted his name as he finally turned to look to her, keeping his distance from Maximus. \"Please…stop…\" Looking to his wife, Commodus took hold of her by the elbow and steered her away, pushing her into Quintus who, despite having disobeyed him, he still trusted to keep his wife away from the fighting. \"Keep hold of her,\" he demanded. Quintus obeyed as Commodus held his dagger in his hands and advanced back to Maximus, but the former general dodged every stab that came in his direction. Livia fought Quintus as she saw Maximus finally best Commodus, punching him in the face and causing blood to splatter everywhere. Commodus crouched over, but Maximus grabbed him by the air and kneed him in the stomach. \"No!\" Livia shouted out loud as she fought against Quintus, knowing she had to get free from him. She felt his hand over her chest, keeping her body to his and she moved with haste, biting down on his hand and causing him to wince as she escaped his hold and rushed forwards, standing in front of her husband as Maximus continued to advance to him, panting for breath. \"Get out of my way, Livia,\" Maximus demanded from her. \"No,\" Livia said with haste. \"Maximus…please…\" Commodus remained behind his wife, looking over her shoulder to Maximus as she stood in front of him, her body shaking and tears covering her face. Maximus looked to her, his gaze narrow and his body tired. \"You know what he did!\" he roared at her. \"You know what he is!\" \"I know,\" Livia said with a nod of her head. \"But please…just don't kill him…please…\" Maximus looked to Commodus then, blood still pouring down his face from his nose. \"And you hide behind your wife's skirts?\" he demanded from him. \"You do not deserve her. You do not deserve her love.\" Commodus said nothing then as he looked to his wife, his gaze set on her and he knew that he had made the biggest mistake of all time. He had ruined her. He had destroyed her, yet she stood there and begged for his life. She stood there and pleaded with the man who wanted him dead. \"Take back control over Rome,\" Livia whispered. \"Do what needs to be done…but do not kill him…please…\" \"Why do you beg for his life?\" Maximus asked from her. She closed her eyes for a second as she felt Commodus's fingers against hers, the tips of them brushing as he remained stood behind her. \"Because he is my husband,\" was her answer, \"because I love him.\" But before Maximus could respond, Commodus had launched himself forwards, refusing to back down, even as he heard his wife's screams in his ears. … A/N: One more chapter to go. Do let me know what you think![Chapter 27] He had to be dead. There was no other option. He had allowed himself one fleeting look to his wife as he felt everything slowly turn black. She had knelt over him, her hands cupping his face as she demanded to know why he had done this. He had heard her sob loudly, her yells echoing throughout the quiet Coliseum. He had reached out, his fingers gently and shakily moving towards her stomach. His blood covered hand reached out as he touched the swell of her stomach where their babe rested. He had looked to it before looking back to his wife's eyes. He kept his gaze there until he closed his own eyes and felt sleep take over him. … Pain. He felt a great swell of pain. His mind was not his own. His thoughts were plagued. All that he could think of was the feeling of anguish and pain. He couldn't open his eyes. He didn't want to open his eyes. The pain was far too much. The horror that he felt was too grand. But he could hear voices above his own whimpers. \"He has lost blood,\" a man spoke. \"I know,\" a woman responded and he realised that this had to be hell. He had to be in hell to hear her voice…to know that she was so close…but to be unable to reach out for her. He wanted to reach for her. He wanted to take her into his arms and hold her tightly. He wanted to feel her for one final time before he was condemned to this purgatory. \"Is there nothing you can do?\" \"I have stitched up the wound as best as I possibly can,\" he responded to her. \"The wound is clean and he needs to fight off his infection. He…he has a fever and he needs bed rest, but it is not safe for him here. It is not safe for either of you here.\" \"Then where do you suggest we go?\" she wondered from him. \"What do you suggest we do? He is too unwell to travel. He is too unwell to even open his eyes.\" \"It may be that you can be concealed and flee the city,\" He responded. \"You need to get as far away from Rome as possible. The army search for him…and you too, my Lady.\" \"I know,\" she whispered. He wanted to wake then. Why were they searching for his wife? What were they going to do to her? What had she done for them to hunt her? His wife was innocent. His wife was always innocent. She was the purest thing he had known. \"I cannot hide you for any longer,\" he said with a shake of his head. \"I did this for payment, but it is now too dangerous.\" \"And I thank you,\" she responded. \"No one else has dared to help.\" \"I know,\" he said, \"but now I must find a way to get you out of the city.\" \"I think that would be for the best.\" … Sitting by the bedside, Livia held her face in her hands. She kept her eyes closed as she longed for sleep to take hold of her. It had been three weeks of constant travelling. She had spent three weeks concealed in the back of a cart to a horse. She had done everything in her power to stay strong, but she was finding it difficult. She had managed to bribe the man on the horse with some of the jewels she had taken from home. Home. Livia almost scoffed at that word. She had no home now. The only home she had known and she had willingly left. She had fled. She had given everything up. She had done it all for him. She had given it all up for him. And now she did not know if he was going to make it through the night. He had been constantly sleeping and she had cleaned his wound as best as possible, keeping him hydrated when he had been in bouts of consciousness. Every time he had opened his eyes, he had seen her, but he had said that it could not be so. He was convinced that it was all a dream. He convinced himself that she was not there. Truth be told, she didn't know why she was there. She had spent hours simply stroking his face, her fingers running over his cheekbones and into his soft hair. She had stared at him and wondered how he could have done what he had. Moving to her feet, Livia walked towards the small balcony overlooking the sea, a soft breeze blowing her hair from her face. She had somehow managed to make it to the coast of Genoa where she had met a wealthy couple who made their money in farming. Livia had, somehow, persuaded them that her husband had been injured during an alteration with some travellers they had met as they travelled on their search for work. The woman had been kind. She had been kinder than any of the ladies Livia had known in Rome. She had insisted that the couple stay with them until her husband was better and healed. Livia had insisted on earning her keep in return, spending her days acting as a maid in the household. It had felt odd for the first few days. Livia had done everything from prepare meals to clean. There was only one other maid in the household and she appeared to be quite old and tired easily. Livia was simply grateful that the couple did not know them, nor did they question them. Unless someone had seen Commodus then they would not know his face. Livia was simply grateful for that. She had wondered if anyone had travelled to Rome to know him, but no one said anything. Livia knew that she had to keep travelling. She had to get further away from Rome. She had to keep on travelling. But she knew that Commodus was in no fit position to move and, despite everything, she could not bring herself to leave him. As she looked out over the sea, she heard a soft gasp. Turning her head over her shoulder, she saw that his eyes were open again, his hand on his stomach as his brow sweated. Moving back into the room, Livia returned to her seat and took hold of the cloth on the table she had used to pat down his forehead. She dipped it into the jug of water before moving it over his forehead, trying to calm him. He looked to her, his eyes wide and his face full of worry. \"Livia,\" he gasped her name. \"My Livia.\" \"I am here,\" Livia said, although her tone seemed quite curt. \"This is a dream,\" he whispered. \"Commodus, this is not a dream,\" she responded. \"I am here.\" \"No,\" Commodus said firmly. \"I do not deserve to live.\" \"Perhaps not,\" Livia said, refusing to pander to him as he looked her in the eye. \"But for some reason the Gods decided to help you pull through this. I cannot understand why or how, but they did…and here you.\" Commodus let out a sharp breath as he let his hand move out to her, reaching for the hand she had rested on the side of his bed. But she pulled her hand away, folding it into her lap as she continued to let her other hand press the cloth to his face. She said nothing, nor did she engage in conversation as she looked away. Commodus continued to let his eyes rest on her before he dared to speak. \"What happened?\" Commodus enquired from her. She let out a slow breath before turning to look to him. Her face was impassive as her eyes roamed over his face. \"Maximus stabbed you in the stomach,\" Livia said. \"You collapsed in the Coliseum as he did…he…he died there…\" There was silence then as Livia blinked back tears, remembering how he had looked at her when she had gone to Commodus. Maximus had looked so disappointed. Lucilla had then gone to him and he had spent his final moments with his former lover. \"I had Quintus and his men carry you back to our chamber, but I knew that they would never let you live for what you had done,\" Livia said with a shake of her head. \"As soon as they had left I managed to bribe a guard with jewels from my collection you had given me. He helped me to take you to the physician who had seen me during my pregnancy. He knew where he lived as he had been the one who had been sent for him.\" Livia spoke in a small voice then. \"He treated you after I had bribed him for his silence and then he helped us to escape Rome…at night…concealed in darkness. He had a man who was travelling north and he took us to here,\" Livia said. \"I asked Aelia and Appius…they own this house and made their fortune in farming, if we could rest here. You were too weak to keep travelling and they agreed. I have been working as a maid and earning my keep. They are a kind couple…nothing like the people I knew in Rome.\" \"Where are we?\" Commodus wondered from her. \"Do they know who we are? You should not be waiting-\" \"-I should be dead,\" Livia interrupted, her voice harsh as she looked at him, her eyes wide and anger hiding behind her. \"The people of Rome wanted me dead, Commodus. They know of what you have done and they believe that I worked alongside you.\" \"How could they even think that?\" Commodus demanded from her. \"Because I entered that Coliseum and I begged for your life, Commodus,\" Livia snapped. \"I walked into that fighting pit and stood in front of you as I begged for your life. I was the one who ordered Quintus to take you to safety during all of the commotion. I was the one who fled with you. Why would they not think that I knew? The people…they bayed for my blood…the Senate had ordered my arrest…I condemned myself by saving you.\" Commodus gulped then as he heard her and saw her look into the distance. \"Why did you save me?\" he asked from her, his voice raw and full of wonder. \"You should have let me die, Livia.\" \"You selfish bastard,\" Livia hissed as she looked at him and his eyes widened now as she threw the cloth down onto the table. \"You…you think that I would have let you die? Do you think that I would have sat there and watched Maximus kill you? Perhaps I should have. Perhaps it was what you deserved after everything you have done, but I couldn't. For some unknown reason…for some reason I cannot fathom…I love you. I love you too much to sit back and watch you die.\" Commodus saw the fear in her eyes then. She was scared. She was petrified. It took him a few moments before he gathered the courage to try and sit up, the sheet pooling to his waist as he made the motion and looked to the bandage on his stomach. He was completely bare, the sheet covering him as it pooled to his lap and he reached out, his hand daring to move over Livia's. She didn't move away that time. She let his fingers hold onto hers. \"I know what I did,\" Commodus told her. \"I know that you are angry with me…upset…\" \"I doubt that will ever change,\" Livia said, looking to him, her eyes searching his. \"What you have done is unforgiveable. Why could you not simply have just left Germania and returned to Rome…returned to me…look at where you are now, Commodus. You have nothing. You do not have the title of Emperor. You do not have your family.\" \"I have you,\" Commodus said. Livia peeled her hand from his. \"I do not know if you do,\" Livia admitted. Commodus's brow furrowed then as he heard her speak. \"But you saved me,\" he spoke. \"Yes, I did,\" Livia nodded her head. \"I love you, but that does not mean if I know…if I can do this…if I can be with you as your wife…after everything…all the cruel things you have done.\" \"Please,\" Commodus whispered to her. \"Livia, do not abandon me. Everyone else abandoned me, but not you.\" \"You pushed them away,\" Livia responded in a haughty tone. \"I know how much you wanted your father's love, Commodus. I knew how much that meant to you and I know that he…he did not show his care, but what you did…it was wrong. It was so wrong.\" \"I regret it every day,\" Commodus promised her. \"Livia, I beg of you, do not leave me. Do not abandon us…my love for you has always been there. I have never done anything but love you…adore you…you know that. I love you and that babe inside of you. I will spend the rest of my life trying to earn your forgiveness and win you back, Livia. Do you not see? You are the only one I will ever want and I…I will prove that to you.\" Livia did her best to keep calm as she listened to him, her eyes closed as she folded her hands into her lap and Commodus wondered what she was going to say to him. It took her a few seconds before she looked back to him, her eyes wide and wet as she stared at him and he dared to lean over, his hand going back to hers and holding onto it tightly. \"But that is the issue, Commodus,\" Livia responded to him in a gentle tone as she struggled to comprehend what could happen. \"I do not know if I can forgive you. Every time I see you I remember what you did…but I remember the man I fell in love with…the man who I never thought would hurt anyone…do anything to hurt us.\" \"I can be that man again,\" Commodus told her. \"But you cannot make me forget, can you?\" she responded as she felt his thumb brush over her knuckles. \"You cannot make me forget what you have done.\" \"I cannot,\" Commodus declared, \"but I can try to win you back. I can try to earn your forgiveness. Please, let me do that. Do not leave me, Livia.\" \"You need to focus simply on getting better,\" Livia merely said to him and she saw him shake his head. \"No, I need to focus on you,\" he responded. \"I need you-\" \"-Please,\" Liva interrupted, her eyes closing as she felt a tear roll down her cheek. \"Can we simply not do this…not now…I cannot make you any promises. I cannot promise you anything. All that I can tell you is that…the Gods might punish me…but I still love you. I still love you and it is wrong…so wrong…but I cannot stop. I cannot stop myself from feeling this way.\" \"Then that is enough,\" Commodus spoke quickly. \"That is all that I need to hear because it means that I still have a chance to make this right…for all of us…\" He moved a hand to her stomach then, his eyes fleetingly glancing down to it as Livia continued to watch him. \"I cannot make you any promises,\" she warned him. \"I do not expect you to,\" Commodus finally said. \"I love you, Livia, and I will win you back.\" Livia said nothing in response; instead she continued to let his hand rest on her stomach as she moved her own hand on top of it. She lowered her gaze to see their hands touching as he looked to her face. He saw the pain he had caused her. He saw all of it behind her eyes and he vowed to do everything to make it go away. He had to try. She was the only thing he had to live for. Her gaze met his and for a moment she saw the man she had fallen in love with. She saw the tenderness in his gaze and the longing in his face. Would she ever be able to forgive him? She suspected only time would tell and, for some reason, the Gods had granted both of them just that. Perhaps they had a plan after all? … A/N: And that's the end. Thank you so much to everyone for reading and reviewing. It really means a lot and I hope you have enjoyed the story! ","Summary":" She couldn't pretend that it didn't worry her. The way he looked at the girl was terrifying, but, a"},{"Movie":"King Kong","Title":"It Catches Up With You","Author":"nicelynicelyjohnson","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7387026","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 1. Age old Favours The very first thing that Eleanor Farwell said to her daughter Cora, on the morning of the twenty fifth, upon walking into the dining room was; \"Oh Cora, not again ?\" Cora, a stern faced girl of eighteen, tore her gaze away from the morning newspaper and blinked groggily at her mother, startled by the woman's exasperated tone. \"What?\" She remarked, the remains of a slice of toast dangling idly from her fingers. Eleanor narrowed her eyes critically. \"Don't say 'what' like that Cora – it's vulgar. Say – I beg your pardon. \" Cora raised both eyebrows in a manner she hoped questioned her mother's sanity, but obliged. \"I beg your pardon, Mother?\" she drawled. Eleanor ignored the sarcasm, as she had for many of her daughter's teenage years \"This.\" she said purposefully, reaching across and tapping the careless bun that Cora had absently yanked her dark brown hair into that morning, errant strands escaping in various directions, giving her the appearance of a small explosion. \"This half-hearted attempt at presentation darling -it's really not becoming.\" Cora was halfway through her retort of 'and who am I trying to impress at the breakfast table' when Eleanor resumed her offensive. \"And the business pages! Oh Cora, wouldn't you prefer something a little more….well, light hearted to read?\" Cora folded the paper neatly and set it aside. \"It's habit Mother, remember? Daddy and I used to…\" \"Every Friday morning.\" Eleanor murmured. \"Yes I remember.\" She sighed, implying a degree of forgotten fondness for her late husband. Suddenly she was back to her brisk self. \"Well, whatever. Eat up and get Mrs Layton to fix that abomination of a style.\" Mrs Layton was the family's housekeeper, who had worked as combined cook, cleaner and nanny to Cora's family since the girl was six years old. \"What's the big rush?\" Cora asked. She discarded the last of her toast and brushed off her hands as Eleanor fussed around their comfortable town house. One positive thing that had come out of losing her first husband was the generous savings that he had left his wife and children, earned from years of canny business deals. It was enough to keep his family secure for as long as possible, or at least until Eleanor had married husband number two. Theodore James Farwell the third, a wealthy factory owner. A shmuck, Cora decided, whenever she was reminded of cheerful, bustling Theo, but an okay shmuck. Never tried to usurp into the father role, or be overbearing with offers of forced false friendship. The fact that he was away in Chicago for most of the year was an additional plus. \"And anyway, she can't.\" Cora added. \"Who can't what honey?\" Eleanor asked, adjusting her hair in the hall mirror. Cora scuttled after her, leaning lazily on the nearby doorframe and rolling her eyes. \"Mrs Layton. She left last night, remember?\" Eleanor froze. \"What?\" She yelped. \"To Baltimore. She said so weeks ago.\" Cora paused. \"Kenny's getting married, she'll be back in a few days anyway…\" She trailed off, becoming increasingly aware of her mother repeatedly muttering the words 'no, no, no' under her breath. \"This isn't happening.\" Eleanor gasped, becoming increasingly more flustered by the minute. \"This is not happening. I'm in Paris for the next two weeks, she needs to be here!\" \"Mother, please relax!\" Cora said, alarmed at her mother's panic. \"I can look after myself until Mrs Layton gets back!\" \"Don't be ridiculous Cora you can barely look after yourself without looking like some artsy lower class ragbag.\" Eleanor snapped. \"Can't you stay with Violet from school?\" \"Out of town with her parents.\" Cora replied. \"Helena? Alice?\" \"They can't take me in; they're barely scraping by as it is. Not everyone is as lucky as us.\" \"I know, I know…\" Eleanor sighed, clasping her hand together melodramatically. Cora took a hopeful step forward. \"I could come with you?\" She suggested tentatively. Eleanor gaped at her youngest daughter before bursting into high pitched, cruel laughter. \"Cora, darling, that's absurd!\" She trilled. \"Not your sort of scene at all and besides, you still need a great deal of refinement before I unleash you on Parisian society!\" \"But I thought-\" Cora began, but was again interrupted. \"No, no, you'd be far better off staying in the city. Perhaps you could arrange to see that nice young accountant I introduced you to - Nathaniel, wasn't it?\" Cora rolled her eyes again and began stomping meaningfully up the stairs. \"Ugh, please mother. I made it quite clear to dear Howard that I was not interested in the slightest.\" Eleanor's face dropped. \"Why ever not?\" She whined, hurrying after her \"Well.\" Cora began, retreating to her bedroom and selecting a brush. \"I'm not sure what repulsed me more, the wandering hands or the bad breath!\" \"Cora!\" \"It's true.\" Scowling into the mirror, she began to run the brush through her thick hair. \"I informed him what a disgusting little man he was and he didn't take it well.\" Frustrated, Eleanor stamped her foot. \"Cora Rose Denham, you will be the death of me!\" She strode across the room and snatched the brush away. \"You will never be married at this rate! Do you want to end up an old maid?\" \"No, but I don't want to marry someone like Nathaniel, why on earth would I?\" \"He earns good money!\" She snorted \"And that's all that counts?\" \"I only want security for you.\" Eleanor stated sanctimoniously. \"Sadie was at least twenty before she met Alfred.\" \"She was lucky.\" Eleanor fumed. \"And don't think that bringing your sister into this will get you anywhere.\" \"Oh please!\" Cora snapped. \"It was inevitable; you can hardly ever wait to tell the whole world how goddamn perfect Sadie is!\" \"You shut your mouth!\" Eleanor's last words rang into a tense silence as mother and daughter glared at each other. Eventually Eleanor sniffed deeply, straightened her shoulders and composed herself. \"Pack your bags.\" A feeling of dread settled in Cora's stomach \"Why?\" \"Because I know where you can stay.\" She marched out of the untidy bedroom, her hands tightly in fists. Cora ran to the door. \"Where are we going?\" \"I'm calling in a favour.\" Her mother announced. \"From your Uncle Carl!\" NB: Rewritten 18/11/2015[Chapter 2] 2. Memories of Better Days Eleanor hailed a cab and, hurriedly packed suitcase in hand, Cora reluctantly climbed in behind her. The last time Cora had even spoken to her uncle Carl was four years before and what she remembered was that Carl was loud and fairly obnoxious. Her mother still mentioned him in passing from time to time, albeit in a derogatory manner. The man was a movie producer and when Max had been alive, his little brother had been a regular dinner guest. He bought with him countless tales of his mishaps in movie making, which had made Cora's father roar with laughter and her mother purse her lips and frown. To Eleanor, Carl Denham was an embarrassment, put up with simply because he was family. \"Mother…\" Cora decided to attempt one last time to change Eleanor's mind. \"Mrs Layton will be back before you know it. I'll be quite all right on my own.\" \"See, I wish I could believe that.\" Eleanor replied as she rummaged about in her handbag. In her youth she had often been called beautiful, and had aged with the kind of fear that made women of her class become heavily dependent on product and fashion to remain what society would call 'a beauty'. Her auburn hair was never out of place, and her emerald green eyes were still sharp and all-seeing as they ever were whilst hunting husbands of her own. Her eldest daughter Sadie took after her in looks, and to Eleanor's delight the studious child had eventually given way to a charming young woman. Cora however, she felt was lacking in several areas. She considered her second daughter 'reserved', which she used as euphemism for 'sullen', or more often than not 'difficult'. \"But Cora,\" She continued, snapping the bag shut, satisfied with its contents \"I remember what you did last time I left.\" She turned her cold green eyes on her daughter. \"Believe me, you have brought this upon yourself.\" The last time. That last time nearly six years ago, when Maxwell Denham had been found dead on the floor of a Californian hotel room by the hysterical maid, struck down by a major heart attack. The last time, when Eleanor had taken to her bed for weeks, leaving her two daughters in the care of the housekeeper, the elder burying herself in her books, desensitising herself to the evils of the world, and the younger running wild in a children's gang. Staying out all hours, learning how to use her fists, to curse, and to throw herself into a different world because the real world was just too much… Cora sighed resignedly and glanced out of the cab window at the city outside. Her eyes glazed slightly, as if in protest of the sights sliding past. The boarded up businesses. The Vaudeville Theater, where she, Alice and Violet had seen the show in a half empty auditorium only a week ago. They had laughed themselves silly and then sat in a nearby café for hours after, gossiping and drinking coffee. Now the theater was gone too. Another victim of the economic climate. \"So.\" Violet set down her cup and dabbed at her lips with a napkin. \"Has your dear mother found you another suitor yet?\" Cora snorted. \"Oh my goodness. Don't even…\" She flapped a hand dismissively \"Just don't!\" \"Oooh! Do tell, do tell!\" Violet trilled as Alice giggled from behind her own cup, elbows tucked tight to her sides and looking every inch like her Wonderland namesake. \"His name was Nathaniel.\" Cora began. \"Nathaniel Mosely…\" \"Sounds mysterious!\" Violet interjected, with an air of scandal to her tone. \"Sounds horrendous!\" Cora shot back. \"He was awful! As awful as the rest, if not worse! Mother insists on dragging up all these weedy little creeps with greasy hair and clammy little hands, that have never worked an honest day in their lives.\" \"So…\" Violet replied carefully. \"Not your type?\" The three girls burst into laughter. \"You can say that again!\" Cora squeaked. \"Not your type?\" \"You can say that again!\" \"Not your-\" \"Oh stop, stop!\" Alice cried, breaking up their little routine. \"I can't bear it!\" \"But what is your type I wonder…\" Said Violet, resting an elbow on the table and tucking her chin into her hand. \"Perhaps some romantic poet?\" \"Or a charismatic shop keep!\" Alice suggested. \"Most unsuitable for a girl like you!\" Cora rolled her eyes \"I don't have a type, you are both being ridiculous!\" \"Ignore her Alice.\" Violet declared, gesturing dramatically. \"When Cora gets her most unsuitable boy, we'll be the first to know.\" \"Here we are.\" Eleanor announced stiffly. Cora broke out of her memories with a jolt to see they had finally pulled up in front of a set of apartment buildings. She grabbed the handle of her suitcase and stepped out onto the sidewalk, pulling her blue wool coat closer around her as Eleanor strode purposefully to the door and rang the bell, repeatedly. \"Come along, come along… \" she muttered irately, still ringing with gusto. A second storey window suddenly flung open with a clatter, and the head of a round faced man with hair the same shade as Cora's fathers poked out. \"What?\" \"I beg your pardon.\" Cora corrected him under her breath, smiling weakly at her own feeble joke. She would have recognised her uncle anywhere. \"Caaaarl!\" Eleanor stood back and bellowed up at him. \"It's me, Eleanor! I need a favour!\" Visibly paling at the sight of his sister-in-law, Carl Denham slammed the window shut again. Cora was almost convinced that he was now hiding, had he not appeared at the door a moment later, looking slightly more composed. \"Eleanor!\" He exclaimed, full of false charm. \"To what do I owe the pleasure?\" Eleanor raked her gaze critically over him. \"You're looking sharp Carl.\" She remarked, with the same tone a person would use when informing another of something stuck to their shoe. Carl shifted uncomfortably, realising his charming offensive had failed. \"Yeah, I got a meeting with my investors. So. What's the favour?\" Grabbing Cora by her shoulders, Eleanor thrust her daughter forward. \"I need you to look after Cora for a few days.\" \"Wait, what?\" Carl spluttered. \"I'll be fine on my own.\" Cora grumbled feebly, but was blithely ignored. \"Just until our housekeeper gets back in town.\" Eleanor continued. \"Cora's not totally incapable; she just needs an eye kept on her to see she doesn't go entirely off the rails…\" \"I have never been 'off the rails'!\" Cora protested. \"Now really Mother-!\" Eleanor dug her nails a little deeper into Cora's shoulder. \"She'll be no trouble!\" She insisted. \"No trouble at all. You'll hardly notice her.\" \"No, Eleanor, you don't understand.\" Carl placed a hand over his eyes. \"I'm busy, okay? I set sail in less than twenty four hours to film my next picture, if this meeting all goes to plan. I'll be in Singapore, El! Singapore!\" Eleanor was not persuaded \"Then take her with you. She's a fine traveller. You took her to Africa all those years ago for your little safari picture and she was good as gold, was she not? 'No bother Ellie', you said so yourself.\" A threatening edge crept into Eleanor's tone. \"Besides Carl, you still owe us for that time you upset those mobsters…\" Carl spluttered agitatedly. He knew he was cornered. \"Alright, fine. Fine. But I warn you, it's not gonna be fun.\" Eleanor flashed her society-ready charming smile and relinquished her vice grip on her daughter. \"You're an absolute darling, Carl. I'll be back in two weeks Cora, sweetheart!\" With a smart turn on her heel back to the cab, she was gone. Cora stared after her, a tight feeling in her chest, suddenly feeling twelve years old again, her father gone for good and her mother retreated into a comatose state of private mourning. She fixed her face into a scowl, decided it preferable than displaying any other emotion she might be feeling. \"C'mon.\" Carl grumbled, ducking back inside briefly to fetch his trench and hat. \"We're meeting my assistant in five minutes. Bring that.\" He pointed to Cora's suitcase. Hitching the heavy bag into a better grip, Cora quickly followed him down the busy street. Her arm began to ache, with the burden knocking against her calves with every other step. Carl's assistant was a young, yet long-suffering, bespectacled fellow man named Preston. Horrifically sincere and eager to please, yet there was something likable about him that Cora could not define. The three of them took a cab downtown and as they reached the offices where Carl's meeting was to be held, he turned and shoved a few dollars into her hands. \"Entertain yourself. Just make sure you're at Café Paolo at five. Got it?\" \"Got it.\" Cora took the bills and resisted the urge to count through them in front of the two men. \"Excellent. Preston, if you would…\" The two men turned and walked into the building. Cora was left with her suitcase and ten extra dollars on the sidewalk outside, feeling rather like an abandoned commodity. She sneered to herself. Was she ever anything else? She sniffed resolutely. She'd meet them all right. But first, if she was leaving for Singapore that night, she had one final errand to run. NB: Rewritten 19/11/2015[Chapter 3] NB: Proofed and re-uploaded 21/04/2017. Typos and phrasing/continuity errors corrected. No plot alterations. \"Alex!\" She called to the tall fair haired youth stacking battered crates against the doorway of a nearby shack. He glanced up and smiled. \"Well, well, well, Miss Cora.\" He stuck his hands on his hips and put on an affected southern drawl.\"Now what brings you to these here parts?\" She shoved the bag into his arms. \"Thought you might be needing this.\" Alex glanced inside. \"Aw Cora, you're too good.\" \"Nonsense.\" She said firmly. \"You got mouths to feed.\" With that, Alex's smallest sister, a six year old named Jenny, came running out. \"Cora, Cora!\" \"Hey!\" She swept the little girl up and spun her around. \"Miss Jenny, I am sure you get bigger and bigger every time I see you. You are growing like a weed!\" Alex and his four siblings had been a major feature in Cora's life for the past seven years. Two years older, Alex had met Cora when she was eleven years old and testing the waters of rebellion. As the years past they grew as close as siblings and when Alex's family had been evicted, Cora had vowed to help them survive, since Alex had been there for Cora through the worst of times. \" So how about it?\" \" You want me to join your gang?\" Cora blinked up through red-rimmed eyes. \"What about Sadie, she's real smart and…\" \" No, not Sadie.\" the boy interrupted. \"Just you Cora. You're tough. And anyways it'll be fun. We got the docks as our turf and nobody's gonna take it.\" The girl scrubbed her eyes with her sleeve. \"I dunno…\" \" Cora.\" Alex said gently. \"It's all gonna be okay.\" Cora had looked into those honest eyes, and tried not to think of her father going into the ground, and nodded. \"Okay Alex. I'm in.\" He brightened. \"Well come on then!\" He reached out a hand. \"Joey Brown says he's found a good place for a hideout. We'll see if he's right!\" Taking his hand, Cora and Alex ran off down the street and towards whatever lay ahead. \"So you're gonna be out of town for a while?\" \"Singapore. At least that's what Carl says. With his track record, we could end up in India or something.\" Cora said with a shrug. The two of them were sat outside the hut, sipping thin, weak tea. \"He's hoping to leave in the next couple of days.\" \"And what does your mom say about this?\" Alex asked nonchalantly. Cora caught on immediately. \"It was her idea. She doesn't care about me hanging out with sailors and actors and bohemians when it means her plans can go ahead without any trouble.\" She sighed \"If my father was still around I know he'd stand up for me.\" \"Well this Carl character can't be all bad if he's your dad's brother.\" Alex commented. Cora inhaled deeply as she considered her next words. \"Carl is… well, jeez. What is Carl? What is Carl Denham? I'd say the guy practically lives on good intentions.\" She thought back to her last meeting with Carl, when they had ventured to Africa to film a safari picture. She'd been so much younger then and had been far more fascinated by the distant land than to how her uncle had even treated her. \"They just don't always… translate. I spent most of that Africa trip hanging out with the crew and watching lions. They were good guys.\" \"The lions?\" Alex asked with a smirk. \"The crew, you dolt!\" Cora laughed, fondly cuffing him upside the head. \"When will you be back?\" Alex asked, his jovial exterior faltering slightly. Cora's smile faded. \"A couple of weeks. You gonna be okay?\" Alex reached over and took her hand. \"Don't you worry about us. We'll survive. And when you come back I'm sure you'll have a hundred and one stories for Jenny.\" Cora smiled and squeezed her friend's hand. \"Thanks Al.\" She murmured before catching sight of her watch. \"I should run. I'm meant to be meeting the uncle.\" She stood up. \"Thank your mom for the tea.\" \"I will.\" He muttered quietly. \"And Cor?\" She turned back to him. \"Stay safe, okay?\" Cora's breath caught slightly in her throat. Having known each other for so many years, Alex had this uncanny knack of saying exactly the right thing and right then it caught her completely off guard. She managed to take a breath and stammer back \"Yeah…\" before taking a step back towards her best friend, straight into his arms. \"I dunno what's going to happen.\" She whispered faintly into his shoulder. \"I'm really scared.\" \"I know.\" Alex replied soothingly. \"I know.\" Night was beginning to fall as Café Paolo came into view. The place was nothing special, but it was good food and good value, for those with any money left. Checking for traffic, Cora hurried across the road and glanced through the window, but Carl and Preston were nowhere to be seen. \"Typical.\" She sighed to herself, nudging the door open with her free arm. She ordered a cup of hot chocolate and sat down at an empty table. \"Typical, typical Carl.\" She muttered crossly to herself before realising with a jolt of horror that she sounded exactly like her mother. In an attempt shake the unease from her mind, she reached into her bag and pulled out a book; Pride and Prejudice , by Jane Austen. It had arrived only a week ago, along with a letter from her older sister, Sadie. Read it Cory, she'd urged her I know you'll love it. So far, Cora had found the novel entertaining enough; the fussy Mrs Bennet reminding her only too much of her mother's futile attempts to get her married off. For all she complained about her oh-so-perfect sister, Cora still carried a certain fondness for the studious girl. Incredibly intelligent, she was rather more socially confident than her grumpy little sister. Taking a sip of chocolate, Cora opened the book. \"Come, Darcy,\" said he, \"I must have you dance. I hate to see you standing about by yourself in this stupid manner. You had much better dance.\" \"I certainly shall not. You know how I detest it, unless I am particularly acquainted with my partner. At such an assembly as this, it would be insupportable. Your sisters are engaged, and there is not another woman in the room, whom it would not be a punishment to me to stand up with.\" Cora smirked into the pages. Darcy sounded like an ass, but she liked his style. She read on, occasionally checking the time and as half past five, six o'clock and six thirty slipped past, Cora began to worry. When Carl FINALLY burst through the door with the air of an Arctic adventurer returning to an admiring team, Cora leapt to her feet and called across the café; \"Where the hell were you?\" Refusing to let his niece's anger sway him, Carl practically danced across the room towards her. \"Corinne!\" \"Cora.\" \"Cora!\" still nothing could quell his exuberance. \"I'm so sorry, circumstances changed, fate intervened!\" he gestured to a tall blonde woman behind him. \"May I introduce you to Miss Ann Darrow?\" Baffled, Cora obliged and held out a hand. \"Cora Denham… nice to meet you…\" Ann gave a small nervous smile and shook Cora's hand \"Likewise.\" She was, Cora realised, with a slight pang of envy, stunningly beautiful. In fact, Ann was the very image of what Eleanor probably wanted Cora to be; polite, charming, feminine. When they were settled, Carl went to the counter to order food and drink and Ann leant towards Cora. \"So are you Mr Denham's daughter?\" Cora laughed in surprise. \"Oh! No! No.\" She smiled. \"I'm Carl's niece. He is… was…s till is, I guess, my father's brother.\" She frowned. \"Miss Darrow, if I may - Do I know you from somewhere?\" Ann looked down at the table. \"You might. I, um. I used to work Vaudeville over on…\" \"Vaudeville, huh?\" Carl exclaimed, returning with a tray of coffee. \"I worked Vaudeville once, now, that is a tough crowd!\" He sat down and nudged Cora out of the way. \"If you don't kill them fast, they kill you.\" Their food arrived and Cora watched Ann's eyes widen at the full plate of food set in front of her. She recalled her own words to her mother that morning; 'not everyone's as lucky as us…' The shutdown theater. The closed show. Ann obviously hadn't eaten properly for weeks, Cora realised as the woman dug into the food, visibly attempting to pace herself. \"Mr Denham,\" Ann began haltingly and Cora glanced back up from her book. \"I want you to know that I'm not in the habit of accepting charity from strangers, or for that matter…\" She lowered her voice slightly, clearly embarrassed. \"Taking things that don't belong to me.\" Cora decided that now would be an excellent time to return to Pride and Prejudice and subtly raised the book a little higher, acting immersed in the story. Soon, however, the pages remained static in her hands as she eavesdropped on Carl's conversation. \"It was obviously a terrible misunderstanding…\" \"It's just that, I haven't been paid in a while...\" \"That's awful. Anyway, Ann - may I call you Ann?\" Cora felt the table shift slightly as Carl leant forward. \"You wouldn't happen to be a size four by any chance?\" Ann froze, a forkful of food halfway to her mouth. Cora's eyes flickered away from the page, wondering if she had missed something. Then, as Ann suddenly scraped her chair back and got to her feet, the penny dropped. \"You . Idiot .\" Cora hissed vehemently at her uncle as he stammered his defence to a retreating Ann. \"I'm someone you can trust, Ann.\" He implored. \"I'm a movie producer. Believe me, I am on the level .\" The Denham brothers had been as different as chalk and cheese in almost everything bar this – their unfailing ability to appeal to people, to get them on their side. \"I want you to imagine a handsome explorer, bound for the Far East.\" Carl had begun to spin the tale of the film. They would film in the East, Singapore. On the way, the hero would run into a mysterious beauty, beautiful, yes, but also haunted, fragile… Cora tried not to roll her eyes. The plot seemed rather predictable, the weak mysterious woman a stock figure, one dimensional, but pretty. But Ann seemed entranced, fascinated even. \"And sure enough, against her better judgement-\" \"She falls in love.\" Ann cut in suddenly. Cora turned to see the other woman's eyes widened, almost dreamlike. \"But she doesn't trust it. She's not even sure if she believes in love.\" Cora found herself closing her book slowly, her attention completely divided. Ann seemed to be a better story-teller than even her uncle, even if Ann herself wasn't aware of it. Even Carl seemed thrown. \"If she loves someone,\" Ann was saying \"it's doomed.\" \"Why is that?\" Carl asked, and Ann delivered her coup de grace. \"Good things never last, Mr. Denham.\" Something about that last sentiment hit Cora hard. Ann suddenly seemed aware of the awkward silence that had settled on the trio's table and looked away. Carl, still a little lost by Ann's confession, glanced sideway at Cora. She raised her eyebrows as if to reply Say something, you dolt. \"So you're interested? Good.\" Carl stood up suddenly, grabbing his hat and coat, Cora followed his lead. \"That's settled then. I don't want to rush you - but we are under some time pressure here...\" Ann shifted nervously. \"Well I really...\" \"Ann!\" Carl protested. \"I'm telling you, You're perfect - look at you! You're the saddest girl I ever met. You're gonna make 'em weep Ann, you're gonna break their hearts!\" Ann looked up with a quiet defiance. \"See, that's where you're wrong, Mr. Denham, I make people laugh, that's what I do.\" She stood suddenly. \"Good luck with your picture.\" She nodded to Cora. \"Miss Denham...\" Carl flung his chair back and anxiously chased after Ann, pleading with her to reconsider. \" You wanna read a script?\" He gabbled desperately. \"Jack Driscoll's turning in a draft as we speak!\" Ann stopped dead in her tracks and looked at Carl, stunned. \" Jack Driscoll?\" She echoed. \"Sure. Why - wait! You know him?\" \"Well, no - not personally.\" She wavered. \"I've seen his plays...\" She was caught, Cora realised, ensnared by the mere mention of the playwrights name. Carl's eyes lit up, as if he sensed her interest. \"What a writer, huh?\" He began, excitedly. \"And let me tell you Ann, Jack Driscoll doesn't want just anyone starring in this picture.\" Unbelievable, Cora mused, tucking her coat over one arm. \"He said to me, 'Carl, somewhere out there is a woman born to play this role...' And as soon as I saw you, I knew ...\" Ann surveyed him, uneasily. \"Knew what?\" Carl played his trump card. \"It was always going to be you.\" \"Forces beyond her control...\" Cora whispered to herself. It seemed frighteningly apt, both Ann's situation and almost her own. She looked at Ann, who was staring at Carl, her face unreadable… \"I'll do it.\" \"I thought Maureen McKenzie was doing this picture?\" \"Ehh, Maureen's old news.\" Carl remarked. \"Ann Darrow – now there's a name that's gonna look swell in lights! Oh God.\" He suddenly added as they turned the corner. Grabbing his niece by the arm, he steered her away from where three cops were stood talking. \"Don't look, don't look, don't draw any attention...\" \"Why?\" Cora asked, as her uncle nervously pulled his collar up. \"Nothing, nothing...\" He herded her along the sidewalk, her suitcase knocking against her legs. \"Carl...\" Cora said, slowly. \"What have you done?\" \"I haven't done anything!\" He protested, casting a look over one shoulder. \"Carl!\" \"Okay!\" They stopped in a doorway. \"You know I went for a meeting with my backers...\" \"Yeah...\" \"Well it didn't exactly...\" Carl gestured vaguely. \"It didn't exactly go to plan.\" \"What.\" She deadpanned. Carl whined in annoyance. \"Okay in short, we're kind of doing this movie...not entirely legally.\" \"Carl!\" Cora cried. \"Are you crazy?\" \"It'll be fine-\" \"In what UNIVERSE,\" Cora hissed, \"Would it be 'fine'? And now you've dragged poor Ann into this too?\" \"Look, you don't understand.\" Carl continued quickly. \"This is going to be my masterpiece, this is going to make me rich beyond all imagination, this movie is going to change everything .\" \"What makes you so sure?\" \"Trust me!\" He snapped. \"Trust me, Corinne-\" \" Cora!\" \"Cora, whatever!\" He threw up his hands. \"Cora. Cora Denham. Trust me and I'll make it worth your trouble. Trust me and I'll make you rich.\" Cora stared at him for a moment and marvelled at how someone who was so closely related to her dependable father could be so incredibly stupid. \"You're unbelievable.\" She told him. \"But it seems I have no choice in the matter.\" He beamed \"None whatsoever.\" He hailed a cab \"I sure hope you don't get sea sick.\" He remarked as they sped off into the night.[Chapter 4] 5 The next hour was a blur. After collecting Ann and her luggage from a tiny apartment, they arrived at the New York docks well after night fall. Cora climbed out of the taxi, trying to follow a mile-a-minute Carl through the throng. Her uncle was in his element, still reeling off his plans to a rather awed Ann faster than any of them could think. The docks were not unfamiliar territory to Cora. Boats and ships draw curious children to them like moths to a lamp and during her childhood, she, Alex and the rest of their gang had spent countless afternoons playing war or pirates or explorers amongst the hustle and bustle, being yelled at and scolded by the sailors whenever they had gotten in the way (which had been frequently) and every day venturing nearer and nearer to the dockside, daring any challenger to their courage not to fall into the water. She had never been here after dark though; the encroaching evenings of the past would have been their signal to flee home, crowing victoriously and the bundle through their respective front doors, dirty and exhausted from the day. Now that she thought about it, she hadn't been here since she was fifteen years old. Suddenly she became aware of where Carl was leading them. Past the grand smart ships she had expected and along the wharf to...Cora wrinkled her nose in disdain. That hunk of rust, barely held together by the various stains on the hull...that couldn't be the movie ship! She cast a look at Ann, who didn't return it, still gazing about with wide-eyed fear. Quickening her pace, Cora followed her uncle to where he was stood talking to a tall rough looking sailor. The pair were having some discussion, Carl becoming steadily more agitated whilst the sailor remained annoyingly passive. His English was good, but the slight accent on his words betrayed he was German, the slightest trace of a 'v' on the w's. This made Cora hesitate slightly. Her father had fought in the Great War and to the day he died had held strong opinions about the German people. Warily she tried to ignore this memory and joined Carl. \"Can we talk about this later?\" He was muttering obstinately to the German. \"Can't you see we're in the company of a VIP guest?\" \"Who's that?\" Cora asked, as the sailor turned his attention to Ann. Carl turned away and herded her towards the edge of the dock. \"The captain, nobody. Listen, I want you to get on board okay?\" \"Why are you so twitchy?\" Cora sneered. \"Just do it will you?\" \"What about Cinderella over there.\" Cora nodded towards Ann who was talking to the captain with a confused look on her face. Carl glanced over in alarm. \"I'll deal with this. Just get on board.\" He gave her a none too gentle shove towards the gangway and turned away. He beckoned to Preston who scurried over and cut into Ann's conversation. With a disgruntled sigh, Cora shook her head and obliged, walking reluctantly up the gangway. Before she reached the desk, she glanced back to see Carl pull a cheque book from his jacket. The ship, The Venture , as she was quickly informed, was no grander inside than out. The corridors were narrow and dark, and an odd smell of drains seemed to linger everywhere you went. Cora was pointed to her cramped cabin by Preston, who no sooner dashed off again, in a constant harassed state. It was clearly almost time to leave and the whole ship was abuzz with activity. She tried to continue reading, but after only a few lines and the incessant noise all around, it was clear this was a futile effort and she abandoned the tiny room to explore. Some habits children never grow out of. The maze of hallways seemed suffocating and Cora suddenly longed to see the sky. She walked more briskly and was just wondering whether she should give up and head back the longer way she had come in when she rounded a corner and collided with a young sailor. He had been jogging down the hallway, clearly in a hurry and the two caught each other's shoulders, knocking Cora back. \"Hey!\" The boy scowled at her, but said nothing, his eyes alarmingly intense from under his sailor's cap. \"Watch where you're going!\" Cora snapped, feeling increasingly uncomfortable. He still didn't reply. \"What?\" She shrugged sarcastically. \"Cat got your tongue? What is it?\" The continued non-response and itchy embarrassment eventually got the better of her and she growled in annoyance. \"Fine. Fine. Have it your way.\" She shoved past him again and after a few steps sensed that he had also continued on his way. She shook her head to herself. Strange. Too strange. \"Cora? Cora Denham, is that you?\" Still seething, she turned to see a plump older gentleman walking along the corridor. \"Herb!\" She called in greeting, her spirits lifting rapidly. \"Don't tell me Carl's dragged you into another of his crazy schemes.\" Herb, a camera man and long time associate of her uncle, chuckled. Cora had met Herb on her previous trip with Carl and knew he had a daughter of his own around her age. \"What can I say,\" he said. \"Working with your uncle...it's never dull!\" He glanced over her shoulder in the direction the boy had gone. \"Running into trouble already?\" She laughed coldly. \"Trouble? Me? Herbert, don't you know me at all?\" \"I almost didn't recognise you.\" He admitted. \"Last time I saw you, you were barely this high. And now look at you, grown into quite the young lady.\" Cora rolled her eyes. \"Please, don't. I-\" She was cut off by thundering footsteps racing down the next hallway. Confused, she and Herb looked around to see a dark haired man go racing past, his coat haphazardly slung over his shoulder. Seconds later, he must have turned, as he went haring back the other way. Cora glanced back at an equally bemused herb. \"Was...was that Jack Driscoll?\" And then they were away. With Herb's help, Cora finally made her way to the deck to watch New York slip by, a mass of light and action. The distant wail of police sirens seemed to fade as they distanced themselves from the once familiar docks. Leaning on the railing, she breathed in the smell of the air and the ocean. The feeling of freedom was stifled slightly by the feeling of being trapped on this tub, being rapidly pulled away from everything she knew, everything that was safe. Neither belonging in one place, or the other. More and more frequently however, she had not felt safe in her mother's presence. Lansbury, the housekeeper had been her ally, once, bandaging scraped knees and hiding the worst of the evidence of her tomboyish life. But now the ability to do that was slipping away, like the ship from the port. And there was nothing Cora could do about it. \"I keep telling you, Jack,\" The familiar voice of her uncle pulled Cora's attention to the end of the ship. Carl was standing victoriously besides a slumped, defeated figure of the writer Jack Driscoll. \"There's no money in theatre! You're much better off sticking with film.\" Curiously, she took a step towards them, straining her ears to hear Jack's mumbled response \"...I love the theatre.\" Carl smirked, shaking his head. \"No you don't. If you really loved it? You woulda jumped.\"[Chapter 5] 6 Cora woke the next morning to the sound of the engines and the ocean. She lay still for a moment, unsure of where she was. Then it all came back to her in a rush. Twenty four hours ago, she had been eating breakfast, blissfully unaware that her mother was on the edge of throwing her life into turmoil. Last night the lull of the waves had eased her into a troubled sleep. She kept dreaming that she was drowning. Trying to put the nightmare from her mind, she got up and looked out of the tiny porthole that graced the wall of her cabin. There was the ocean, a vast stretch of deep, darkest blue, constantly in motion. And then it met the sky, streaked pink and gold with the last traces of the dawn. There was no sign of land, and from the placement of the sunrise, Cora could only guess that they were heading south. The every present hum of the engines continued, and Cora knew full well that there was no chance she could get back to sleep now. With a sigh, she turned back to her open suitcase and began to get dressed. Retracing the steps she had taken last night, she found her way to the deck with a far greater ease than she had before. The sun was hidden amongst a pale, cloudy morning and the wind blew her hair this way and that. None of the film crew were to be seen just yet, but she wasn't alone – a few sailors were around, working and talking to each other. Their presence made Cora somewhat nervous. Her mother had frequently denounced the manners and habits of sailors and although Cora made a concerted effort to disregard anything her mother said, the nagging doubt in her head would not go away. She casually glanced down the side of the ship, gripping the rusty railing. She knew she was being silly, and she knew that she was being largely ignored by any passing crew, nothing more than a passenger, a nuisance. They never used to bother you before, she told herself. You never had any bother when you went to the docks. Yes, an annoying little voice in her head agreed, but you were only a kid then. You're not a little kid anymore. \"Shut up.\" She muttered under her breath, and turned to go back up the deck. She'd barely taken two steps however when she spotted the sailor she'd collided with the previous evening. Suppressing a groan, she quickly spun on her heel, unwilling to go through another confrontation with him. But then of course, running straight in the opposite direction would be indiscrete- Indiscrete! Since when had she cared about being indiscrete?! Instead she lingered a while at the railing, pretending to be completely oblivious of the boy's presence. Equally pretending that she wasn't eavesdropping on the conversation he was having with an older dark skinned sailor. \"You don't want to be on this ship for the rest of your life.\" The older man was saying. \"Yes I do!\" The boy protested. \"No, you don't, Jimmy! You wanna get yourself educated. Give yourself some options. Take this serious-!\" \"I do, Mr. Hayes, I do! Look, I've been readin'.\" Curiosity piqued, Cora turned slightly, acting like she was staring at the horizon instead. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw the boy, Jimmy, Hayes had called him, pull a battered looking book from his back pocket and pass it over. From this distance, Cora couldn't make out the title, but Hayes stared at the book suspiciously. \"Where did you get this?\" He asked Jimmy immediately looked shifty. \"I borrowed it...\" he mumbled vaguely, before quickly adding. \"On long term loan.\" He changed tack and flipped the book over in Hayes' hands. \"Look at this.\" He pointed insistently. \" Adventures on a Tramp Steamer . See - just like us.\" The look on his face was one desperate for approval. Hayes responded with a reluctant smile and shoved the book back into the boy's hands. \"Get back to work.\" He replied warmly, and walked away. Another gust of wind mussed Cora's hair and she was still trying to haphazardly scoop it back behind her ears when Jimmy walked past. Accidentally catching his eye, Cora said nothing, not wanting to repeat the awkwardness of the day before. Thankfully Jimmy remained equally silent and did not stop. \"You can't stay in here all day.\" Suppressing a groan, Cora closed her book and looked up. \"Is that so?\" Carl stood awkwardly in the doorway. \"Yep. Come on, come get some breakfast. Circulate. Socialise.\" Cora raised her eyebrows. \"Why?\" She snapped. \"Because...you're a Denham.\" Carl replied. \"You represent me and you're coming across as a mute. Come on,\" He added after no response. \"Come on. Come with me.\" He vanished from the door way with a vague wave of his hand, leaving the door of the cabin swinging on its hinges. Somehow he had known that leaving that door open would drive her crazy. Sighing, Cora flung her book down, pulled a cardigan on and headed out, tripping a little as the floor dipped with the shifting waves beneath them. Regaining her balance, she closed the door in time to see Ann stepping out of her own cabin, dressed in a stunning yellow chiffon dress. Immediately Cora was aware of the frayed cuffs and scuffed shoes of her own ensemble. \"Good morning Miss Denham.\" The actress called. Cora shook her head and tried be patient. \"Cora, please call me Cora.\" Ann smiled.\"Very well. On one condition.\" \"Name it.\" \"You call me Ann.\" Ann's friendliness was infectious and Cora could not help but smile back. \"Fine. Deal. Going to breakfast?\" Ann nodded. \"We start filming today. I want to start off on the right foot.\" She exhaled quickly. \"Can I tell you something, Cora?\" Cora started, surprised. \"Um, sure.\" \"I'm a little nervous.\" \"About filming? Ann, they're gonna love you!\" Who wouldn't, she added silently. \"No! Well, a little.\" Ann admitted. \"I'm too used to the stage, I think.\" She smiled anxiously. \"It's Jack Driscoll.\" Cora had a flashback to the man sprawled resignedly on deck the previous night. Oh right. Driscoll was still on board. \"You're kind of a fan, huh?\" \"I've read everything he's ever written,\" It came out in a breathless rush, almost rehearsed in its delivery. They eventually reached the kitchens, which worryingly held a similar smell of drains as the cabins, and Ann excused herself for a moment, so she could psych herself up for entering the same room as the famous Jack Driscoll. Cora entered the room to little fanfare, poured herself a cup of suspiciously thick coffee and sat down at the battered old table besides Herb who greeted her with a smile and a nod. So much for Carl's insistence that she socialise. He had barely looked up as she walked in. A few sailors still lingered finishing breakfast, and the one eyes cook in the corner was attempting to stir the remains of the porridge and wet shave a sailor at the same time. \"You're the sound recordist,\" Carl was insisting to another member of the film crew. \"Make it work.\" There was a scuffling sound and Ann finally appeared in the doorway. Compared to his lack of recognition towards his own niece however, Carl couldn't be happier to see the pretty actress. \"Come on in!\" He called with his most charming smile \"Let me introduce you to the crew! This is Herb, our cameraman...\" Cora sampled the coffee and pulled a face. God. It was worse than anything she'd had on land. But it was strong, however. Very strong, so she gritted her teeth and took another sip. \"Ann,\" Carl was saying, \"I don't believe you've met-\" Ann was staring rapturously at the sound recordist. \"That's alright Mr. Denham,\" she replied faintly \"I know who this is.\" Cora glanced in confusion from Ann to Herb, who merely shrugged. Ann continued faintly, still staring at the nervous crew member \"Thrilled to meet you. It's an honour to be part of this.\" The man smiled, bewildered, but pleased. \"Gee, thanks!\" \"Actually, I am quite familiar withyour work.\" Okay, maybe Ann was a bigger technical buff then Cora had previously assumed. And that was coming from the woman who had apparently never worked movies. She stirred the thick dark liquid she was suffering through and looked around hopefully for any sugar. The famous Driscoll wandered in at that point, looking a little worse for wear and immediately was drawn to the same coffee pot. \"I'm sure you've heard this before Mr Driscoll, if you don't mind me saying...you don't look at all like your photograph!\" The mention of the playwrights name sparked a series of reactions across the room. Driscoll – the real Driscoll anyway – turned and frowned in confusion at the actress, Herb's eyes lit up with embarrassed amusement, Mike, the sound recordists, face dropped and Carl frantically attempted to head Ann off before she said anything else. An amused smirk on his face, Jack began to walk over to the table, but Ann was still in full flow. \"I was afraid you might be one of those self obsessed literary types.\" She was saying. \"You know, the tweedy twerp with his nose in a book and his head up his-\" Snap. Cora watched, cringing on Ann's behalf as the actress slowly turned and looked, mortified, into the face of the real Jack Driscoll. \"It's nice to meet you too, Miss Darrow.\" It was then that Cora excused herself, knocking back the last few dregs of the coffee, grimacing and fleeing the awkwardness that had filled the room. She could never stand such circumstances and much preferred to get out of them by any means possible. So much for being discrete... She decided to blame Carl completely for making her 'socialise' and the idea of heading back to her cabin for the rest of the day was looking more and more tempting by the second. Still trying to keep her balance on the uneven floor, she made her way back through the labyrinth of hallways, passing an open cabin door on her way. Something about the open door made her stop and glance inside. It was the usual cupboard-like cabin, except that the walls were almost unrecognisably covered in posters and professional headshots of the actor Bruce Baxter. And seriously, the walls were covered. \"Someone's a fan.\" She commented, staring around the walls. Bruce Baxter in – Dame Tamer! Bruce Baxter's Tribal Brides of the Amazon! \"You could say that.\" She jumped, recognising the voice and cursed not looking more carefully as to the occupant of the room. Jimmy. Again. Blushing furiously, she turned away, but he wasn't looking, too busy vandalising each and every poster with a variety of additions – moustaches, blacked teeth and thick dark eyebrows. \"Who's cabin is this?\" She asked. \"Mr Baxter's.\" He replied, studiously adding a pair of devil horns to one of the faces. \"You- you're kidding, right?\" She shook her head in disbelief. \"Bruce Baxter's? Bruce Baxter has his own posters up in his cabin. Wow. You know they say a picture's worth a thousand words and this guy has got...one, two, three...\" \"He's an ass.\" Jimmy announced succinctly. \"He's been ordering the crew around like slaves.\" \"Do they listen?\" Cora asked, stepping back to admire the added features to the nearest poster. Jimmy stopped what he was doing and smirked. \"What do you think?\" \"Fair enough. I mean I still haven't met the guy but from what I've heard, he sounds...he sounds like...\" \"An ass?\" Cora nodded. \"Yeah, that about sums it up. Put some glasses on him.\" She added and he obliged. \"Where did you get that anyway?\" Jimmy glanced down at the smart looking pen in his hand. \"I, uh. I borrowed it.\" Liar. She decided not to question him as he put the finishing touches to the final poster, a hastily scribbled pair of round spectacles, not unlike the ones that graced Preston's face on a daily basis. Suddenly nearing footsteps could be heard outside. \"Shit...\" Cora whispered. \"He's coming!\" Jimmy turned to her, eyes shining with mirth. \"You go left, I'll go right, meet back on deck in five minutes?\" \"Got it.\" She replied with a nod. \"I'm Jimmy, by the way.\" He said as they reached the door. \"I know.\" She smiled. \"I'm Cora.\"[Chapter 6] 7. \"That,\" she began, through helpless mirth. \"Was excellent!\" Jimmy shrugged, smiling. \"'Just glad I could get one over on him. He's an idiot.\" She glanced back inside. Unpredictably, there was no sign of the angered actor. \"I wonder where he is.\" \"Probably wondering if he looks better with or without a moustache.\" Jimmy quipped and the two dissolved into laughter once more, leaning on the chipped railing. At a guess she would have put him at one, maybe two years older than she. And the incident with the posters had proved there was another side to him, a side that betrayed how young he really was. She couldn't help but wonder, had he lived in the city all his life whether he would have been quickly recruited into Alex's gang. He wasn't so intimidating when he laughed. His face lit up and his gaze seemed far less cutting. \"Look,\" she began as their chuckles subsided. \"I'm sorry for how I spoke to you last night. I was no better than Baxter and it wasn't your fault.\" \"It's okay.\" Jimmy replied casually. She shook her head \"No it's not. I was stressed out and grumpy and I know, that's no excuse. I don't know what you must think of us stuffy city folk...\" \"For what it's worth, I don't think you're as bad as him.\" Jimmy illustrated the 'him' by jerking his head back in the direction of Bruce's cabin. \"In fact, after what happened back there...I guess you're all right.\" He started and looked round as his name was called from the other end of the ship. \"I better go.\" Cora nodded, suddenly feeling embarrassed. \"Yeah, well.\" She muttered \"I won't keep you. I'd better go track down Carl.\" The two went their separate ways and Cora hurried back down the hallway to her cabin, pausing only to look in on Ann. The actress was still dressed in the gorgeous yellow dress from earlier, but sat at the small table in her cabin with her head in her hands. \"Ann? Are you alright?\" \"Cora, hi.\" Ann replied absently, smiling weakly. \"I was wondering where you'd got to.\" She paused and looked sheepish. \"I'm guessing you saw that ridiculous display...\" \"Ann!\" Cora sighed and stepped fully into the room, sitting beside Ann on the narrow bed. \"It's no big deal. Okay, so you mixed up some faces and names, who cares?\" \"I care! And I'm sure Mr Driscoll-\" \"Will have forgotten all about it this time tomorrow!\" Cora tried, but to no avail. Ann shook her head and continued \"I'm so embarrassed...Every time I see him I'll just remember me, babbling like an idiot...\" Cora tried not to groan in annoyance. Did Ann hero worship this guy or something? After another ten minutes of sympathy, encouragements and oaths that 'it was not a big deal, I promise', Cora escaped, leaving poor Ann only marginally less suicidal than before. Back in her own cabin, she started to run a comb through her hair. Despite not sharing her mother's obsession with makeup and hair styles, the sea air was starting to blow her hair into tight tangles and Cora knew that if she didn't act fast, she would be left with unbreakable knots. When she was about thirteen, Alex's gang had launched a full scale assault on one end of the docks. The spot had been invaded, in their eyes, and unjustly taken over by a straggly pack dubbed 'The Riversiders', who roamed the streets a few miles up the Hudson. In Alex's eyes however, the docks were his and his mob's, every square inch of it, and the fifteen year old was determined to take it back by force. What ensued was an all out war, starting at noon when they had descended on the Riversider's den armed with sticks, stones, and the rival gang had been finally driven out, followed by mocking screeches and the last few missiles. Her mother had ripped the brush through her hair, again and again, taking out large strands from the root and then Cora had been sent to bed in disgrace, her scalp tender pink and burning with pain. She had refused to cry that day. Even with the burning pain on the top of her head, she resolutely decided that it had been worth it. The Riversiders had been driven out and their gang ruled once again. And if nothing else, she was 'alright'. That had to be a good thing. To her all immediate disgust with herself, she giggled. \"Seen our mutual friend Mr Baxter recently?\" She asked quietly. Jack Driscoll had not made a reappearance after the incident at breakfast and strangely, neither had the actor. Cora was back on deck in the fresh air, finding that the smell that lingered in the cabins only bearable for short blocks of time. Besides, she found she liked being out in the open. After growing up in the city, the vast space out at sea was refreshing and she couldn't help but wonder if the sailors found the ports claustrophobic and overcrowded. She hadn't been looking for Jimmy, but she reasoned that on a ship the size of the Venture, she was bound to run into everyone sooner or later. She told herself that it was reasonable anyway. He smirked at the memory. \"Not yet. Probably still admiring my handiwork.\" \"Truly a work of art!\" She announced in an overly dramatic tone. Their joking was suddenly interrupted by the arrival of the first mate \"Jimmy, head down to the hold and see if Mr Driscoll's feelin' any better.\" \"Will do, Mr Hayes.\" Jimmy nodded and ran off obediently. The image of a moustachioed Baxter still in her mind's eye, Cora kept her sight on the far off horizon, until a voice pulled her suddenly from her day dream. \"Miss Denham.\" She turned from the skyline to see Hayes, standing nearby. \"Do you have a moment?\" She nodded. \"Of course, what's the matter?\" \"I need to talk to you about your friendship with Jimmy.\" She frowned. \"My friendship? My Hayes, we've barely exchanged ten words, I wouldn't call it a friendship.\" \"It's best it stays that way. If I were you, I'd stay away from him.\" Concern suddenly crept in, washing all traces of her previous good mood away \"Why? Is he dangerous?\" Hayes shook his head. \"Wouldn't hurt a fly. But he's not like other kids his age. I've known him for four years; I still don't know where he came from.\" He looked grim. \"He won't tell me.\" Cora found herself gripping the railing behind her tightly \"I'm not sure I understand.\" \"I'm just saying, he don't need no distractions. This is just another job.\" She laughed shortly and humourlessly. \"I have no intention of 'distracting' anyone, Mr Hayes.\" \"With all respect Miss, you know what I mean. Stay away from him.\" \"Fine.\" She replied stiffly \"If you're so very concerned, I'll ignore him completely from now on.\" She was being silly, she knew it, but Hayes orders irritated her. Instead of looking annoyed by her theatrics however, he just replied, \"Good\" and left. She exhaled sharply, thrown by the finality of his reaction, and returned to her cabin. At least the characters in her novels acted the way people should... \"S...K...U...L...L...Island...\" \"Would you like me to do something with your hair?\" Cora frowned in sudden confusion, hoping Ann was joking. \"Um...\" The actress smiled. She was stood at the small chipped mirror in her cabin applying make up for the scene Carl had lined up for that afternoon. Cora had rejoined her a few hours later and the two had swapped idle chit chat. Perched on the tiny bed, she had been tempted to tell Ann about her encounter with the first mate, but she was struggling to bring it up without sounding like a tattle tale. \"No?\" Ann added teasingly. \"Thanks, but...It's not exactly a priority...\" Cora began, not wishing to offend her closest ally on board, but Ann laughed lightly. \"I understand!\" She placed a bobby pin and reached for a powder compact. \"I know some girls have more on their minds than dresses and make up.\" \"I guess I should though.\" Cora shrugged \"I mean, if I want to get married...\" She paused and pulled a face. \"And who says you want to get married?\" Ann came and sat beside her, frowning in concern. \"My mother.\" Cora replied glumly. \"She's obsessed with marrying me off to someone rich and high class.\" \"And you don't care for it?\" \"Well I-\" Cora sighed in frustration. \"I want to get married, one day, of course I do. I mean if I meet some man and fall in love with him, then sure, we'll get married why not. It's just...I don't know, I want to do something with my life first. See a few places, meet a few people.\" Ann nodded understandingly \"Of course you do. I mean how old are you? Eighteen? I think you've got plenty of time before we can start calling you an old maid!\" \"The thing is girls like me aren't supposed to want that sort of thing.\" Cora picked up one of Ann's scarves and began idly pulling the silky material through her fingers. \"We're supposed to sit and look pretty and smile in the right places. And that's okay for some people but it's not okay for me!\" She paused before adding; \"Ever since my sister got engaged, she's gotten worse. It's like she's been encouraged, it's like ... 'one down, one to go!'...It's just nice to get away from her nagging for a few days.\" \"Can I suggest something?\"Ann asked tentatively. \"Fire away.\" \"Talk to her. No accusations, no arguments. Like the two grown, adult women you are and maybe you can make her see things from your point of view.\" \"I've tried...\" Cora stopped. \"You're right. I can be kind of a brat when things don't go my way.\" \"Well if that's the case, I havent' seen that at all.\" \"Come on, otherwise your uncle will be sending out a search party.\" \"You go, I'll follow a little later, if that's okay.\" Cora replied and then called out; \"Ann?\" The actress paused in the doorway \"Yes Cora?\" \"...Thanks.\" It was ambling along the deck later on to find Ann and company when a sudden splash caught Cora's attention. Curious she glanced over the railing and almost double took at four, five sleek grey creatures jostling and jumping in the water. She was so taken aback, she found herself speaking aloud as she ran to the edge. \"Dolphins! Actual dolphins!\" Someone behind her laughed and she spun round in surprise to see that it was Jimmy again. \"Those things? We get them all time, they ride the waves made by the ship.\" He stepped up and leant over the railing beside her. \"I've never seen them this close!\" Cora confessed, trying to avoid eye contact with the young sailor. She turned her attention back to the playful creatures \"Not that I can remember anyway. Last time I was on a boat-\" \"Ship.\" Jimmy corrected her. \"Whatever. I must've been about thirteen or fourteen.\"She looked at Jimmy who was looking at her and smiling. \"What? What's so funny?\" Jimmy shook his head. \"Nothing.\" He replied. \"It's just that...you look different when you smile.\" \"I...\" Cora floundered for a response, until she realised Carl was calling for her from the other end of the ship. \"I need to go.\" \"Are you okay?\" \"Sure, sure. It's...look...\" Hayes' warning still rang in her ears. \"I don't think us talking like this is a good idea.\" She shrugged and started edging away. \"I mean after all...it's just another job, right?\" Jimmy nodded. \"Yeah. That's it.\" And then, as if he'd read her mind; \"You seen Mr Hayes anywhere?\" She shook her head. \"No, why?\" He suddenly looked serious \"I need to talk to him.\" \"What's the matter?\" \"Nothing. Just part of the job. Miss Denham.\" He nodded curtly and walked off down the deck.[Chapter 7] \"Alright everyone, from the top!\" Carl was in his element, stood proudly behind the camera and ordering everyone else around. Bruce and Ann were in their places, Ann dressed to the nines and Bruce looking sharp too, a captain's cap set at a jaunty angle atop his head. \"And… action!\" \"I think this is awfully exciting!\" Ann gushed, as Bruce joined her at the railings with a swagger. \"I've never been on a ship before.\" \"I've never been on one with a woman before.\" He grumbled in reply, posing and looking suitably brooding. Ann glanced at him, chin down, lashes fluttering, coy and beautiful. \"I guess you don't think much of women on ships, do you?\" \"No, they're a nuisance...\" Curiosity had gotten the better of Cora, stood quietly behind the film crew, taking in everything before her. The actors continued their stream of banter, and Mike was diligently attempting to capture every scrap of dialogue. Herb was on hand to assist with camera, and Jack Driscoll had actually made an appearance, leaning against a nearby wall and looking wryly amused at the scene before him. Carl had requested that the Venture's crew carry on their duties as normal – background activity was how he'd described it, and they'd obliged. Cora suspected however, that if Carl had requested Mary-Celeste-esque levels of abandonment, he'd have been largely ignored and business would have continued as per usual. Looking past the actors, Cora saw the now familiar figures of Jimmy and first mate Hayes, as the former hurried over to his mentor. Hayes had been openly watching the actors, leaning on one of the lifeboats with a similar level of curiosity as Cora. She frowned. Something was wrong. Jimmy looked agitated, but Hayes seemed relaxed up until something Jimmy said. Then the man started, turned, gave his full attention to whatever news was being relayed with a deep frown, before suddenly shooting the film crew a look that almost looked frightened. Cora quickly looked away but realised it wasn't the crew that Hayes had been looking at – just Carl. A quick glance at her uncle assured her that he'd seen it happen too. \"Cut!\" Carl yelled suddenly, distracted. \"Great! Bruce, wonderful performance...\" She kept watching as the cast and crew split for a break. The group that now huddled around Hayes and Jimmy rapidly grew, the boy talking animatedly, strongly insisting whatever point he was making. \"What's going on?\" She whispered to Carl, as he made a great show of camera adjustments. \"What?\" He replied absently. She nodded the direction. \"The crew. Carl, that doesn't look good.\" He granted her a humouring glace along the deck and shrugged, his exaggeration covering up his emerging nervousness. \"Eh, sailors. Superstitious bastards the lot of 'em. What can ya do?\" He cast one last look behind him. \"We'll talk later.\" He added. \"Now scram, will ya, you are distracting the artistes .\" \"Carl-\" \"It'll be fine , trust me!\" Not reassured in the slightest, Cora turned and walked away, picking nervously at her thumbnail. She wasn't surprised however when Jimmy himself appeared, quickly falling into step with her. \"How much do you know about Singapore?\" He asked. \"Not much.\" She replied nonchalantly, trying to figure out where he was going with this bizarre topic choice. \"'Cause if you did,\" He halted at the corner, standing just so she couldn't pass. \"You'd start to wonder about the directions we've been taking.\" \"Is that so?\" She replied idly. \"Yeah.\" She nodded back over his shoulder and tried to divert the subject \"Is that what you were all in such a tizzy about?\" He glanced back. \"Back there?\" He seemed surprised that she bought it up. \"Yeah. I was up on the, uh...\" She gestured vaguely in the appropriate direction. \"I could see you. So. What's going on?\" \"As I said, a little something you might want to ask your uncle about.\" An irritated sound escaped her throat \"Okay, I've just about had - My uncle is a good man, alright?\" Boldly, she pushed past him and continued on her way, stumbling a little from the effort it had taken. He was deceptively solid for a young man of his build. \"'You sure about that?\" He asked, with an edge of smugness that riled Cora beyond words. \"Even if I wasn't!\" She spun round and glared at him. \"Even if I wasn't , I really don't think it's any of your business - do you?\" He didn't reply, but the continued stare made Cora feel deeply scrutinised. Finally, with a short sigh of frustration, she turned to go but was halted again when he spoke; \"Mess hall.\" He said in a low voice \"Tomorrow night, nine o'clock.\" She paused, unwilling to turn around again. \"What are you talking about?\" \"Meet me there.\" She clenched her fists. \"Why?\" \"You might learn a thing or two.\" He replied airily. She nodded and laughed sardonically. \"Yeah, you know I think I'm okay.\" \"Tomorrow. Nine o'clock. Come alone.\" He reminded as she left. \"I heard you the first time!\" she snapped. It was a beautiful evening. The setting sun bathed the Venture in a soft gold light, the clouds above shadowed into muted greys and purples. The light that filtered through reflected off the water's surface like a thousand shards of glass. Carl, unable to resist the picturesque conditions, had rallied everyone to create a scene from this beautiful backdrop. Ann, dressed in a glittering beaded gown and jewels, would run to the railing in tears (prettily distressed tears, of course), would lean on them, sigh and fret, look heartbroken. Carl loved it, wordlessly encouraging Ann from behind the camera. The ship was still abuzz with activity. A few sailors were loitering and watching proceedings. They couldn't be blamed at all, Ann was looking even more stunning than usual. Others were running whatever necessary jobs were needed and at the other end of the ship, Jimmy was sat in reading in the dying light. That book again. Cora hadn't initially had the boy down as a reader, and his brow was furrowed in concentration. She decided that he looked different when he didn't know anyone was watching him, slightly off his guard and with none of the silent, stern facing that he usually carried with him. He had a fierce assertiveness to him sometimes; she'd seen that in his conference with the other sailors. He knew something. Something she didn't, about Carl, about this whole voyage. And yet… she couldn't help but speculate about him . 'Jimmy', short for James, she imagined, and so far no trace of a last name. Like she wondered if he'd been a city boy, might have fitted in well in Alex's gang. Did he have a family somewhere, or had circumstance pushed him to this life? Had that in turn warped his social graces (the whole staring thing was just a little unnerving)? The final question was so utterly her mother, that Cora surprised even herself. She felt, deep down, like she should know something. Like there was an element to the whole thing, connected to him that she'd forgotten. She couldn't quite remember, but she knew it was important, and if she could only remember, then she'd feel more in control of her situation. That was important. She could find out tomorrow, if she wanted… \"He's a good looking boy.\" She jumped. Ann had crept up without her hearing, still slightly damp eyed and wobbly voiced from the scene. When Cora turned she realised that the actress had followed her line of sight. \"Hm? Who?\" Cora blustered, trying to play for time to get her brain in gear, thrown by the interruption. \"You know very well 'who'.\" Ann replied with a knowing smile, collecting her wrap from where it had been draped, and sauntering off, leaving Cora hot with embarrassment. The light was nearly gone. Jimmy closed the book and walked away. Nine o'clock edged nearer and nearer, and all that day Cora had been determined not to go, to prove a point. Really she didn't need to know anything, Carl wouldn't allow any harm to come to her, that wasn't how these shoots worked, it was just a load of superstitious idiots getting all worked up about… something. It didn't matter, Cora decided. That was why she wasn't going in for all this cloak and dagger nonsense. She'd brushed out her hair for the night, removed her watch and was halfway through making all preparations for bed. She was heading back to her room, after a short chat with Ann about the day's shooting. She'd also borrowed Ann's copy of Isolation , a play of Driscoll's that Ann had raved about, for a little evening reading. And she had to go back past the mess room, it was just how the hallways were laid out, it wasn't intentional whatsoever, so - Suddenly a hand shot out from the shadows and snatched her wrist, uncomfortably tight. She almost squeaked in alarm, but managed to bite it back at the last moment. Jimmy. \"So you do wanna know the truth?\" He demanded, that familiar intensity ablaze in his eyes. Feeling pinned down by his very gaze alone, Cora nodded dumbly. So much for not going. \"Then stay here, shut up, and listen.\" Feeling sleuth-like, lurking in the shadowy corner, Cora followed Jimmy's instructions and watched the boy, silhouetted against the light leaking from the door of the mess. Inside she could already hear her uncle and Preston talking, planning the next few days' schedule, but they were suddenly interrupted. \"If someone were to tell you this ship is headed for Singapore,\" She knew those low tones. Hayes. \"What would you say?\" \"I would say they was full of it, Mr Hayes.\" It took Cora a moment, but she managed to link the London accent to Lumpy, the dubious chef. \"We turned South-West last night.\" The 'directions' Jimmy had hinted at. That must have been it! Then Cora heard her uncle speak up; \"Gentlemen please, we're not looking for trouble...\" This was when Jimmy chose to make his entrance. It was all very dramatic, Cora thought. She watched him slip through the door, with one last sharp look at her, and agree - \"No. You're looking for something else.\" A pause. And then, quietly; \"Yes we are.\" She heard the floor creak as her uncle turned \"We're gonna find Skull Island !\" he announced, the name alone enough to send a discomforting jolt down Cora's spine. \"We're gonna find it, film it and show it to the world. For twenty five cents you get to see the last blank space on the map.\" \"I wouldn't be so sure of that.\" Lump muttered ominously. Another tense pause followed and crouched in the shadows, Cora became horribly aware of her own heart thumping in her ears. Skull Island. She'd read enough adventure stories to know that a name like that was no good. To her surprise, it was Preston who asked the burning question. \"What do you mean?\" If her uncle was quite the storyteller, Hayes and Lumpy were something else. In grim, foreboding tones they told of their encounter with a mysterious castaway, found floating in the ocean, who had spoken of a cursed island and the horrific monster that lurked behind the wall. The film crew were drawn into a tense silence and outside the door, Cora tried to keep quiet, in spite of the flickering fear in her throat. Of course, Carl was quick to laugh at their claims \"A lion or a tiger… A man-eater, that's how all these stories start!\" \"What else did he say?\" Preston asked, undeterred. Lumpy concluded the tale. \"Nothing. We found 'im the next morning, he'd stuck a knife through his heart.\" Cora clapped a hand silently over her mouth. \"Sorry fellas, you'll have to do better than that!\" Carl declared, breaking the tension in his usual blasé style. There was the sound of rustling papers and activity, and Cora quickly skirted out of the way of the door, anticipating his exit. \"Monsters belong in B-movies!\" He proclaimed smugly, heading for the door. How could he be so callous , she wondered. And he'd lied. He'd lied to her, he'd lied to Ann and who knew who else. Singapore , he'd said. Singapore had never been his intention. \"If you find this place,\" Hayes halted the exiting men with a word. \"If you go ashore with your friends and your cameras - you won't come back. Just so long as you understand that.\" He added, his words loaded with threat. From her hiding place, Cora could see Carl and Preston, rooted to the spot with alarm. Then, the spell was broken. The two hurried away and Cora listened as Lumpy and Hayes bid each other goodnight, the sound of their voices receding into the distance. It was then, and only then, that Jimmy stepped back outside. He turned to her, a knowing look in his eyes. \"Well.\" He began. She didn't reply, she barely trusted herself to. The humour faded. \"What?\" He asked, bluntly. She shrugged clumsily, trying to appear calm \"You made your point. Proved me wrong.\" She sniffed, crossing her arms tight. She was scared, but she would not cry, not here, not in front of this...infuriating, stubborn, rude, nobody… He frowned. \"Cora, I-\" \"Happy now?\" She cut in, her voice cracking a little before she quickly hurried away. Cora spent the next couple of days sleeping late and keeping human interaction to a minimum. Part of her wanted to confront Carl, demand to know what was going on and wipe the smirk off his face. In part, she was afraid of the answer she might get. She knew that Ann had noticed her change in behaviour, but had evaded any inquiries with her usual shtick of one word answers and grumpy looks. It was like being back in New York all over again. Jack Driscoll also remained below deck, industriously typing away at the script, and as soon as scenes were written, they were shot. Thankfully this kept both Ann and Herb busy, as the concerned glances and whispered worries were starting to get on Cora's nerves. Preston had hailed her as she'd moved along the deck one afternoon and stated that Ann was looking for her, down in the mess. Cora hadn't really questioned it until she stepped into the room minutes later and seen not Ann, but Jimmy, sat at the table and looking deeply uncomfortable. \"Oh for God's sakes,\" She groaned in realisation \"I'm going to my cabin!\" \"Cora.\" Jimmy rose from the table and spread his hands in an attempt to appease her. \"What do you want?\" She snapped, folding her arms tightly. \"I want to talk to you.\" He said seriously. \"Sit down.\" Still annoyed by how easily she'd been tricked, she hesitated, torn between complying and storming out. The awkward silence yawned between them. \"If it gets any frostier between you two, all our toes are gonna start droppin' off.\" Lumpy suddenly grunted from where he was stood beyond the hatch. \"Bloody talk to each other, I can't be doin' with all these dramatics.\" He smirked as the teenagers both shot twin glares at him, and lit another cigarette. Tearing her dark look from the cook's back, Cora slumped into the nearest chair with a short, angry sigh. Jimmy followed and after a few false starts finally blurted out \"About the other night - I didn't want to upset you.\" \"Well,\" she raised her eyebrows and shrugged sarcastically \"You did. Good job, by the way.\" \"I'm sorry.\" When she didn't reply, he stressed it again. \"I'm sorry.\" She sighed, frustrated. \"I heard you. Fine. Okay.\" After a pause, she asked what had been weighing on her mind. \"What did you want to do?\" He shrugged back. \"Give you some credit. I dunno. I'd have wanted to know where I was being taken off to. Didn't think you were going to get all upset like you did.\" \"Not my finest hour.\" She agreed meekly. \"If I'd known-\" \"You didn't.\" \"But why?\" He leant forwards curiously. \"What made you so upset?\" \"Because... \" She broke off, shaking her head. She'd said it to Alex quite easily, but then again she'd known Alex for years. \"I'm scared.\" She muttered eventually, trying to brush it off with a shrug. \"I don't know what's going on, and that worries me.\" Jimmy frowned \"But you musta known the risk when you signed up for this?\" \"That's just it,\" Cora cut in. \"I didn't sign up. I wasn't given any sort of choice.\" When he still looking confused, she continued. \"My mother's gone to Paris, France, for two weeks.\" She began quickly \"She goes every year and she usually leaves me at home with the housekeeper. Only the housekeeper's gone home to see her son get hitched this time around and she - Mother - doesn't trust me on my own. That's a long story, I'll spare the details.\" \"Hold on.\" He raised a hand to silence her. \"Explain to me why didn't you go to France with her?\" Cora stared down at her hands, now clasped on the table. \"She's embarrassed.\" She muttered to her crossed thumbs. \"She's one of these real glamorous types, society darling, that sorta thing. And I'm… I'm me.\" She picked at a spot on the table. \"What's wrong with that?\" She smiled sadly, finally looking up to meet his eyes. \"Come on. Just look at me.\" \"I am.\" And he was, she suddenly realised. Every time they'd spoken, every time he'd looked at her, he'd given her his full attention. No distractions, no talking to anyone else over her shoulder. She'd become so accustomed to people talking to her via someone else, behind their backs, one eye on something else, through reflections, generalised announcements. Now she realised why she'd initially felt so criticised around him. She'd gotten too used to nobody ever bothering to really watch her. \"If anyone wants my opinion-\" Cora flinched. She'd completely forgotten that the Brit was even there. It looked as though Jimmy had too, as he immediately looked away and acted overly innocent. \"Which they don't, but tough.\" He leant out of the kitchen hatch, a discoloured potato in one hand and making demonstrative gestures with the peeling knife in the other. \"Take it from me, yer a decent kid. Sounds like you've put up with a lot of crap, especially from,\" He snorted derisively \"Uncle Carl . But you're not bad. You're a damn sight easier to deal with than him, too.\" \"I'll take that as a compliment.\" Cora called, glancing at Jimmy, who was trying not to laugh. \"Do. Thing is, I like yer.\" He pointed the knife at Jimmy \"He likes yer an' all, though he's rubbish at showing it.\" \"Lumpy...\" The boy protested, the smirk falling from his face instantly. \"I swear! Reckon he likes having someone around who's not some grumpy old git.\" She smiled, half at Jimmy's obvious embarrassment \"Thank you Lumpy.\" He grunted something non-committal in reply and turned back to the potatoes. But when Cora turned back to Jimmy, there was a small smile on his face. \"Can I ask you a favour?\" She asked. \"Anything.\" He coughed and added casually \"If I have time.\" \"You hear anything, you let me know, okay?\" She insisted. \"No secrets.\" He nodded. \"No secrets. Got it.\" \"Anyway.\" She stated determinedly, finally getting to her feet. \"I've gotta go find Preston. And strangle him. I'll see you round.\" \"See you...\" Jimmy mumbled as she left the room. He spotted Lumpy watching him through the hatch. \"What?\" \"Nice kid.\" He muttered, giving Jimmy a look out of his good eye. \"Pretty girl.\" He tried to shrug casually \"It's not like that.\" \"I'm saying nothin'.\" \"Hayes doesn't-\" \"I'm not Hayes.\" The cook cut in pointedly. \"Can any you fellas dance?\" Carl addressed the gathered sailors who were all looking at him with expressions of amused contempt. \"I'm not talkin' the damn waltz,\" He added, oblivious to the fact that he'd have more success drawing blood from a solid rock face. \"Just y'know, something. Movement!\" From her spot on the upper walkway, Cora smirked at her uncle's lack of progress. Leaning on the rusty railing, she looked from one crewman to the next and their matching looks of disdain. \"Any luck Mr Denham?\" Ann asked brightly, appearing suddenly from below deck. She was dressed simply but prettily in a skirt and embroidered blouse and looking as lovely as ever. The change that came over the crew was quite remarkable, as shoulders were straightened, collars tugged into place and hair rapidly smoothed back. \"We can get some music goin'!\" One offered, trying not to look too overly enthusiastic at the prospect. \"If… if yer like.\" \"Terrific!\" Ann placed her hands on her hips and looked around at them all. \"Any dancers amongst you fellas?\" \"Jimmy can!\" A Scottish sailor loudly announced. The first speaker grinned. \"Yeah, our Jim can dance!\" Someone gave the boy an encouraging shove, despite his growled protests and embarrassed shuffling. \"Go on Jimmy!\" Choy called. \"He's your dancer!\" \"Yeah, 'ee's a regular twinkle toes.\" Lumpy declared, his gruff voice cutting through all their laughter. \"Come on now lads, make some room. If we're gonna do this pantomime, we'll do it proper, yeah?\" Someone produced a guitar from below deck, another a large upright drum. Soon enough, the ragtag little band were storming through every song they knew, from old folk songs from various nationalities, to somewhat bawdier fare from the harbour bars. The energy on deck soon became infectious, with even Captain Englehorn emerging from the wheelhouse briefly to see what all the commotion was about. Herb was smiling broadly from beside Carl as they filmed the energetic jig that Jimmy and Anne quickly put together. Cora slipped down the steps to watch over Herb's shoulder, trying to envision how the scene would look onscreen. If the contagious vitality translated to film, it would be one of the highlights of the movie. Cora noted that there had been some truth behind Lumpy's sarcastic declaration; Jimmy was light on his feet and threw himself into the little scene with no signs of embarrassment. He and Ann's dance, and the take, concluded with a showy flourish and applause broke out from the crowd. Cora found herself laughing as she clapped. \"Bravo.\" She joked as Ann passed, smiling and out of breath. The sailors struck up another tune, seemingly in no hurry to return to their duties and suddenly Jimmy was at her side. He caught her gently by the elbow. \"Come on! Now you.\" \"What?\" She froze, caught off guard. \"No - I don't dance.\" She stammered, poainfully conscious of Herb beside her laughing at her discomfort. \"Liar.\" Jimmy's eyes shone in amusement. \"Come on!\" His grasp slipped to her hand and before she could protest, he'd yanked her forward onto the impromptu dance floor. A wry, teasing cheer went up from the sailors as Cora stumbled forward, quickly steadied by Jimmy's arms wrapped securely around her waist, one hand on his shoulder and the other clasped in his in a mockery of the waltz stance. She'd danced with young men at her mother's social functions, but this quick and simple embrace seemed so natural and so intimate. She realised how she must look, her surprise showing on her face, and quickly rearranged her stunned expression into something a little less green. She gave up all resistance and let the boy with eyes like the sea spin her around. It was only when Englehorn soon after called a halt to proceedings, sending the men back to work that she allowed herself to bump back to reality. She laughed along with the others, disentangling herself from his arms and walked off, trying to hide the rising blush in her cheeks from the odd vulgar joke she heard the sailor's call to Jimmy. She thought back over the day's events later in her cabin and smiled to herself. After so many days of quiet paranoia, the last twenty four hours had taken a great weight off of Cora's shoulders. Revelations paired with some light relief made for an interesting mix, but one she found quite agreeable. 'Liar.' His bluntness was refreshing. She felt herself blush again remembering the weight of Jimmy's arm on her waist, his hand in hers… \"You're being an idiot.\" She told herself firmly, but the smirk that lingered on her lips seemed to disagree. She reached for Pride and Prejudice , lulled into a sense of security by the continual motion of the ship. She had no idea what the night would bring.[Chapter 8] AN: Holy crap, chapter ten! Shout out to everyone still sticking with this thing, especially Spirited Mare and CurlyNerdy101. Thanks for the lovely reviews, guys. Hope this chapter lives up to expectations. Chapter Ten. Something had woken her from her dozing. Her eyes fluttered open to find she'd fallen asleep halfway through Mr Collins' proposal to Elizabeth and she sat up, feeling a strange heaviness that Cora was sure had nothing to do with sleep. She gave herself a little shake, admonishing herself for her silliness, then stopped and concentrated. Even she, the inexperienced sailor, couldn't miss the dramatic swerve the ship was taking. She got up quickly, slipping her cardigan back over her arms and pulling on her shoes. Swiftly she headed back to the deck. Night had fallen, and the lamps cast a sickly yellow glow over everything, before the light vanished into the all-encompassing blackness of the ocean at night. Carl was leaning heavily on the ship's railing, looking suicidal, Jack stood beside him. Cora hurried over and looked from one man to the other before speaking; \"What's happening?\" When Carl said nothing, Jack sighed \"Englehorn's setting a course for Rangoon. There's a warrant out for your uncle's arrest.\" She suddenly felt like a bucket of cold water had been thrown in her face. Icy, numb shock swamped over her. Cora looked at Carl, incredulous. \"You're kidding me.\" Jack shook his head and answered for him. \"I'm sorry Cora, no.\" \"But what's gonna happen to us? What's gonna happen to me, am I gonna be stuck in Rangoon?\" A sudden panicked feeling fluttered in the pit of her stomach. \"Jack!\" \"I don't know.\" The writer replied, trying to sound calm. \"Listen, Cora, I will try my hardest to make sure-\" \"Oh she'll get home alright.\" Carl muttered wretchedly from his spot, sounding deeply wounded. \"In handcuffs, probably, but we'll all get home, no worry.\" he groaned, his sarcastic tone disappearing. \"I'm finished. It's over for me, Jack.\" Jack shook his head despairingly \"How did you think this would end, Carl?\" \"You're unbelievable.\" Cora muttered, still glaring at her film maker uncle. \"You knew, didn't you? That the cops were after you.\" Carl shrugged uselessly \"I had…an inkling.\" Every word was like a colossal effort. \"You had an inkling .\" Cora choked a cold laugh. \"You know something, my mother was right about everything. She should never have left me with you, ever…\" With a final look of loathing at Carl, Cora turned and rushed away, seething with anger. Shoving past Choy, who had been making his way to the deck, she hurried back down to her tiny cabin and flung herself through the door. She collapsed down on the little bed, nearly hitting her head on the wall in the process, and kneaded her palms into her eyes, willing away the tears of rage that had appeared. She wondered how she'd feel now if Jimmy had never warned her – never told her to lurk outside the mess room door that night. Would this turn of events been an even greater shock? And now it seemed they'd be back home quicker than expected. \"Isn't this what you wanted?\" She mumbled to herself. After so many days of longing for home, for familiarity, she found that right now, New York was the last place on Earth she wanted to be. Taking a deep, steadying breath, she crossed to the porthole and looked out. The view was a blank, their surroundings thick, smothering fog. It seemed appropriate for her rapidly melancholic mood. She roughly wiped her eyes again. Crying had never helped her any. Suddenly there was an almighty crash, followed instantly by a sickening crunch of crumpled metal. Cora's world seemed to jerk forward, whipping the floor suddenly from beneath her feet. She fell against the wall before hitting the ground in a crumpled heap, landing awkwardly on her arm. Too scared to feel embarrassed, she scrambled back to her feet. There were faint shouts outside. She wrenched the cabin door open and there was Ann, wrapped in a shawl and pale with alarm. \"Are you okay? Are you hurt?\" Her pretty face was uncharacteristically serious. \"What was that?\" Cora spluttered. \"I don't know.\" She frowned, a trace of fear in her eyes. \"Come on.\" Ann grabbed Cora's hand and together they raced up to the deck. It was pandemonium. Sailors were rushing about, yelling panicked instructions to each other, a few traces of thick fog still hung in the air, making everything look dreamlike, and at the front of the ship- \"Ann, what is that?\" Cora whimpered. A wall. Hundreds of feet high, solid rock, dark and imposing and completely unnatural…a wall. Hadn't Lumpy and Hayes' story mentioned a wall? Before the actress could reply, the two were torn apart as the ship swayed and rocked, taken by the tide as if the whole vessel weighed no more than a leaf. The hull groaned in protest and Cora struggled to keep her footing, grabbing on to any fixtures she could to stop herself toppling over the side. Something, she didn't know quite what, drew her eyes to the crow's nest and her heart plummeted in alarm. Jimmy was stood up there, a tiny figure against the inky sky. She watched, rooted to the spot, as he clung on for dear life, the momentum of the out of control ship doing its level best to fling him about like a rag doll. \"Rocks!\" She heard Jack yell hoarsely from further down the deck, and the bad news was echoed by Jimmy high above them. \"Rocks to starboard ... to port ...rocks everywhere!\" Rocks. She could see them – vicious, jagged things, looming out of the murky water, appearing and disappearing with each rush of waves. She looked from one to the other, her mind wiped blank with pure fear. Another loud crunch from the side of the ship made her flinch backwards. She grabbed a nearby pole and hung on. There was nothing she could do but hold on, hold on and pray… It must have been only minutes, but to Cora it seemed like a lifetime before the Venture finally settled and was still. The awkward angle of the deck made it plain that the ship had run aground, but Cora's shaking legs were simply grateful that things were still. She was alive. For now. \"Jimmy.\" She whispered, suddenly remembering, and rushed up the stairs, passing a few harassed sailors who paid her no heed in their hurry for repairs. Ahead she could see Jimmy descending the last few rungs of the ladder, pale faced, but otherwise unscathed. She stopped in her tracks as Hayes reached the boy first, alarm written all over his face. She suddenly felt awkward and almost itchy with embarrassment, rushing forwards like that without a second thought. She watched, trying to appear casual, as Jimmy managed a weak smile and nodded in response to whatever Hayes had asked, she was too far away to hear what exactly. Hayes said something else and laughed in relief, clapping a hand to Jimmy's shoulder. At that moment, both sailors looked up and spotted Cora lingering. She started in alarm and tried to find an excuse for her being there, but to her surprise, Hayes said one more thing to Jimmy, before giving him a gentle push towards her. Finally he gave Cora a look over Jimmy's shoulder and to Cora, the look said one thing very clearly; that he would let it go. This time. She nodded once in understanding before turning her attention back to Jimmy. He was pale and looked a little shaken, but apart from that she was relieved to see he was still in one piece. For a moment neither spoke, the shock of what had just happened to them all finally sinking in. \"...Are you okay?\" She finally asked. Jimmy nodded. \"I think so.\" She smiled and exhaled rapidly, her heartbeat beginning to return to normal. \"Okay. Good. That's good. Great.\" \"What about you?\" He frowned. \"That was pretty bad. You weren't hurt, were you?\" \"Me?\" Reflexively she took her sprained wrist in her hand, but shook her head. \"I'm fine. Don't worry about me.\" She took a deep breath, trying to ignore the dull ache at her temple. She must have banged her head too in the initial crash. \"I'm really glad you're okay.\" She added quietly. \"Jimmy!\" Hayes' patience had obviously reached its limit. \"Just coming.\" He turned back to Cora and smiled. \"Take care of that hand. Looks like it's gonna bruise up good.\" Despite of everything that had happened over the last hour, she couldn't help but smile as he left. Making her way back down the stairs, Cora felt relieved to see first Ann, then Jack, Preston and Herb all safe, if a little shaken. And there was Carl. She allowed a small chuckle. Of course Carl Denham had lived to see another day. He was stood at the railing, oblivious to all around him, staring rapturously… \"Carl?\" She followed his gaze and was struck dumb. Out of the fog, an island had unexpectedly emerged. Vast and imposing, the jagged cliffs seamed with what looked like the crumbling ruins of old defences. Now however they were all overgrown by moss and choking vines. Beyond was thick, tangled jungle, like the South American rainforests she'd heard about in school. \"My God…\" She whispered faintly, feeling very small. \"Carl…where are we?\" \"Skull Island…\" A hint of glee crept into his voice and he slapped her on the back. \"Come on, we're goin' ashore.\" She looked past him to see Herb and Mike preparing a small lifeboat. Ann was hovering nearby, looking concerned. \"Are you completely insane?\" Cora hissed. Carl's eyes glinted with his old maniacal energy. \"It's not over yet Cora.\" He declared \"I'm not gonna let them kill this. You coming or not?\" Over Carl's shoulder, Ann looked up and met Cora's eye. The girl was stunned to see a genuine helplessness in the woman's eyes and she remembered that Ann was getting paid for this - she had no choice. Against her better judgement, she nodded. \"Give me five minutes.\"[Chapter 9] \"I still don't know why they can't have an office on this side of the country.\" Eleanor Denham fixed a smile to her face and smoothed down the smart lapels of her husband's suit for something to do with her empty hands. \"I'll miss you.\" He grinned easily back, the trademark Denham smile. \"Their manager has some ridiculous aversion to travel, it's flattery for us to come to him. And besides, it's only for a week. I'll be back before you know it.\" He kissed her before calling over her shoulder. \"And where are my littlest ladies? Up to no good, no doubt!\" Giggling madly, his two young daughters came running into the room, one after the other. Well, he still thought them young – Sadie was sixteen now, and growing up fast. Sometimes Max felt like he had blinked and suddenly she was no longer a child. And Cora? Well, she was still very much a little girl, fascinated with stories and games and adventures. He hoped it would last for as long as possible. \"Daddy!\" The smaller girl cried. \"You gonna bring me back a present?\" \"I'll have presents for all of you.\" He assured her \"As long as you're good, okay? No tearing about the street after dark and other such nonsense.\" The smirk on his face clearly told his youngest that she had his full permission to tear about the street, despite her mother's claims. He hugged them both, Cora squirming and protesting, despite the smile on her face, as he swung her into the air. Then he put on his coat and hat, waved through the closing front door and stepped into the car waiting outside. It was the last time the Denham girls saw their father alive. \"Can you believe this, Jack?\" Carl declared with a sense of reverence. Their little whaler bobbed mercilessly on the tide, still active after the panic of the storm before. \"Skull Island! We got our picture!\" Huddled in the back of the boat, Cora thought she could hear something under the relentless crashing of breaking waves. The weary groan of something very old and exhausted. Something protesting. About to bite. She'd had just enough time to run back to her cabin and grab a coat, but there was a strange chill in the air and she wished she'd bought a scarf too. She glanced up around them, at the ruins of some old, abandoned native village, where the people had scratched out an existence on the rock face, like seafaring birds. These ruins didn't just have history, they were ancient. Older than memory. Whatever – whoever – had inhabited here was long gone and forgotten. No record or remembrance. Cora shivered. Their packed little boat ran onto a stony slip of beach at the jagged mouth of a vast stone cage. As their tiny crew clambered ashore, Cora tried not to think of walking right into the gaping jaws of some mythical beast. Carl intrepidly led the way, eyes wide and staring greedily. Every so often he'd shoot a smug grin back at them, that only Herb and Mike half-heartedly returned. They followed the director through a dark, damp tunnel, finally breaking free into the weak sunshine to be greeted with a morbid sight. Little stone constructions set up like funeral parlours. Dark, crudely constructed tombs with the faint smell of rotting seeping from within. Cora and Ann covered their noses at the stench. Skulls lined every ridge like macabre ornaments, some with other bones of sticks threaded through them in painful looking combinations and rickety bamboo structures suggested some attempt at order. But the sun had bleached everything, rock, plant and bone, an ill, grey hue. Carl was like a man possessed, hopping from spot to spot, the camera whirring away, pointed at a pile of skulls, or a crumbling set of steps. The rest of them walked warily behind, looking from spot to spot, never relaxing their guard for a moment. Cora could hear her blood rushing in her ears, the unnerving thump of her heartbeat against this infernal quiet. In New York, her home, it was never quiet, with the sounds of cars and trams, street vendors, general chit-chat and all the sounds of life. Here, the silence was suffocating. She swallowed hard, and looked up to suddenly see Jack and Preston both staring uneasily at her. \"What?\" She squeaked anxiously. Jack frowned \"Was that you?\" She looked between them. \"Was what me?\" \"That noise – it was a girl…\" Jack trailed off and glanced around uneasily. \"Never mind. Stay close, alright?\" Cora nodded and quickened her step to catch up. \"It's deserted.\" Preston murmured as they emerged onto a rocky plateau, surrounded by more of the stone tombs. \"Of course it's deserted.\" Carl snapped \"Use your eyes, Preston. The place is a ruin! Nobody's lived here for hundreds of years.\" Gradually Cora edged over towards her uncle, still casting wary looks back over her shoulders. \"We shouldn't be here Carl.\" She muttered. Every instinct was screaming at her to run back to the ship as fast as her legs would take her. Carl snorted and adjusted the camera. \"Whaddya talkin' about? Stop worrying...\" \"I'm serious,\" she picked anxiously at her shirt cuff. \"This place is weird. I'm getting a really bad feeling.\" \"A feeling!\" Carl laughed. \"You've been listening to too many of the crew's ghost stories-\" \"Yeah, well maybe with good reason!\" Cora snapped. \"Open your eyes Carl, they were spooked and you know damn well why. The fog. The wall. Everything fits. The only thing left...\" Carl sighed and dramatically rolled his eyes \"Will you pipe down? You gotta problem Cor, you can go back to the boats anytime.\" Was it her mind playing tricks on her, or was there some high pitched wailing voice, far away on the wind? \"Carl…\" He groaned heavily \"Will you shut up?!\" \"Fine.\" Anger and her own stubbornness spiked hot in her throat. \"I'm going.\" She tried to make the words a determined snap, but it came out wobbly. \"I'll see you guys.\" She waved away Preston's concerned stammerings, and ungracefully stomp-stepped back across the rock. Back down the steps, stumbling a little where the ground was uneven. She huffed angrily, kicking a loose stone and watching it bounce away like a child's marble, the tapping it made seemed to go on longer, and faster, until she realised that it wasn't the stone tapping onto the rocky plateau. \"Fantastic.\" She groaned, raising her face to the falling droplets. The drops swiftly turned into an almost unnatural downpour, like some heavenly being had turned on a valve. Cora winced, feeling her clothes instantly cling to her limbs like dead fingers. Suddenly a woman's scream rent the air. Cora started in shock. \"Ann!\" She made to go back but had barely taken three steps when another noise reached her ears, freezing her to the spot. This was different. This was no woman's shriek or man's yell. This was a mighty roar, animalistic - no...Completely unnatural. She wavered, torn between fear and wanting to help her friend, the rain blinding her and her pulse racing in her throat, too fast and uncomfortable. Suddenly something hit her, caught her, sent her nearly spinning. In an instant, the ship's crew were swarming past her, yelling to each other, all armed, all intent on their destination. She was invisible and knocked, again and again until – Until someone stopped, steady as a rock and right there beside her. It was Hayes. She grasped at his offered arm like a lifeline, wordless with fright. \"Are you alright Miss Denham?\" He yelled over the noise. Nodding frantically, she finally managed to speak, \"Fine, I'm fine, but the others-\" her words were cut off by a series of gunshots. Hayes tucked an arm protectively around her shoulders and herded her on, putting her into the middle of their group. As she glanced back behind them, she spotted Jimmy sticking close by. As they returned to the abandoned village, she could have sworn she saw a shadowy figure retreating in panic – but her attention was caught up with the terrible scene before her. Ann was hysterical, tears pouring down her face as two of the crew helped her to her feet. Jack was sprawled on the ground, dead or unconscious, Cora couldn't tell, as she watched Choy try to shake him awake. The crewmen they'd bought ashore lay like broken dolls on the rock, their skulls brutally dented and bloody. And Mike – good god… Mike… Her stomach turned. He'd been skewered like a piece of meat with a vicious looking spear. There was still a surprised expression on his face like even he hadn't seen it coming, his glasses fractured. She edged back as the diluted blood ebbed towards her toes, accidentally nudging into Preston, who was shaking with fright and pale as a ghost. \"What happened?\" Cora whispered. Preston shook his head violently, stammering as he spoke. \"W-we're not alone.\" \"What do you mean? Where's Carl?\" She whispered. Preston pointed, and he must have said something, but Cora found she was already striding clumsily towards her cowering uncle, crouched on the rocky ground and splattered with someone else's blood. \"I told you!\" She realised she was practically screaming at him. \"I told you this place was weird!\" A shadow fell across them and Cora glanced up to see Englehorn staring at her uncle with a look of resigned disdain. \"Seen enough?\" Not waiting to see Carl's reaction, Cora nodded. Back on the ship it seemed like the rain storm earlier was just a taster of what was to come. The rain continued to slice down in sharp sheets, saturating everything. The wind and thunder combined rumbled and crashed to an almost deafening degree, and every so often, jagged bolts of lightning illuminated the ship with ghostly flashes. It was literally all hands on deck, the crew flinging anything heavy overboard, manically attempting to get the ship back afloat. Cora tried to help where she could, her clothes drenched and her hair a tangled mess she repeatedly was pushing away from her face. The grim and drawn faces of her fellow passengers flashed past every few seconds – Hayes, Choy, Preston, Herb, Lumpy, Jimmy… They'd run into each other - briefly, and stumbled to a halt, awkward and lost for words, before both being called away once more. Jimmy had gently touched her arm as he'd rushed away and it had felt like an electric shock. Preston had caught her by the shoulders and ordered her below deck. Cora had wanted to help, but realised she was better out of the way. For once, she obeyed, shutting the cabin door firmly behind her and sitting bolt upright on the bed, worrying the blanket between her fingers. Every creak and thud made her flinch, as worst case nautical scenarios threatened her mind. She thought of Sadie, in California. Sadie didn't know she was here…her sister didn't even know Cora had left New York… Between the crashes of the waves and the howling winds, she could just pick out voices, the panicked and desperate yells of the crew. Some accented, some less so, but all cut off by the din of the elements. Suddenly – a creak. Another creak. Closer. Too close. Right outside the door. Cora held her breath; quite sure that her pounding heart could be heard loud and clear. Someone was there. Something. She wanted to call out – who's there? – but something, deep down, muted her with a terror she couldn't quite identify. Another creak. And another. But lesser. Moving away. Cora wrapped a hand over her mouth to exhale, cautious of making noise – for some reason. As her heartbeat slowed, she tried to calm her fretting self down. Think of something reassuring. Home. Think of Sadie and her books. Or Alex and little Jenny – or – or… But she couldn't concentrate on any of these. Not when they seemed like a lifetime away. The memories seemed false and forced- were they what had really happened, or was she pushing something that had never been? This place, this island, this whole voyage, made her feel like every step she took meant another step she could never go back. Drawing her knees up to her chest and closing her eyes tight shut, she resigned herself that the only comforting thing her fraught mind could focus on was dancing with a ship's boy. She was gone. Just as they had dared to think they were free, the Venture lurching in the swell and suddenly becoming afloat, a huge cheer going up, and Cora running to her cabin door to confirm that it really was happening – another tragedy had struck. She'd run into Baxter on deck, and begrudgingly allowed him to swing her around by the waist in glee (exceptional circumstances and all that). The ship had swayed and bobbed in the rough waters and finally begun to move away. There was a sort of chaos on board, but a complete opposite to the one they had experienced before. And then suddenly Jack had come racing towards them, a strange necklace of animal bones clutched in his hand. \"They've taken her!\" He bellowed desperately over the racket of the elements \"They've taken Ann! We have to go back!\" Their joy withered away as quickly as it had blossomed. Cora watched as Englehorn looked back toward the island, his face the very picture of dread. Turning herself, she squinted through the darkness at a far off steady orange glow. Firelight. A strong, acrid smell of smoke. Something was burning, and in the distance – drum beats. Ann's cabin had been completely wrecked, with clothes and furniture flung in every direction. Cora stood for a moment at the door, staring in horror. She'd had to come down and see this for herself. Had whoever – what ever – had passed her own door done this? A shiver ran down her spine and she feared for Ann. What if they did something to her? What if…she tried not to imagine. She closed the door, as if respecting a vigil, and returned to the deck. Suddenly it seemed like everyone was armed. Englehorn's crew, like a miniature army, had mobilised, yanking covers from lifeboats, grabbing rope and kit and- cameras? She double took at the cases Carl was loading into one of the boats – 'Carl Denham Pictures'. He caught her looking and immediately looked shifty. But there was no time to question, no time to even think on it, as they bundled into the boats and were away – back into the storm. \"Spread out! Find her!\" The heat from the fires still lingered in the air, with the strong smell of burning and something else – something thick and bitter that Cora did not want to contemplate. She followed the others up the beach at a run, seeing the last few dark-skinned figures flee into the distance. Countless shouts of 'Miss Darrow!' rang out into the air, punctuated with the sound of Jack frantically yelling 'Ann! Ann!' \"She's here somewhere!\" A woman's scream. Then a roar. That roar, again, that unnatural… Cora froze, along with many of the others. She saw the sailors cast frightened looks at each other. Hardened travellers who'd seen it all. She twisted round to see Jimmy stopped dead in his tracks, looking as shocked as she felt. Englehorn turned sharply. \"What in God's name was that?\" he demanded. \"Behind the wall!\" Jack barked. A lattice of sharpened bamboo made a primitive sort of gate in the wall. Cora saw her uncle recklessly hop through the debris towards it, nothing getting in his way. Jack went for the wall instead, desperately scrambling up the side of it. \"Ann!\" She yelled out desperately. \"Ann, where are you?!\" But already the din was dying away. The natives were long gone, the noises of the jungle beyond were receding, and the glum solemnity of defeat was threatening to overtake them once more. After a moment, she saw Jack clamber back down the wall. \"She's gone…\" Cora's heart sank, echoed by the ripple of groans that ran among their company. She saw Lumpy kick at the ground in aggravation, and Hayes sigh heavily. She shook her head. It couldn't quite make sense – Ann, her friend, gone. Suddenly she saw Carl approaching with a somewhat unsteady gait. \"Carl..?\" Cora ventured, stepping forward to meet him. \"Are you alright?\" He looked in her general direction, unseeing, a rapt look in his eyes, but said nothing. \"You saw something.\" Jack murmured, joining them. \"What was it?\" Cora asked. She suddenly felt unnaturally chilled and rubbed her arms ineffectively But for once, Carl was lost for words. \"You can take Hayes and fifteen others. I'll put a guard on the gate until you return. The rest of you stay with the ship.\" A search party seemed the unquestionable next move. Cora perched on a nearby slab of rock and watched as Englehorn took command, directing his crew here and there. Carl was responding with a token nod now and then, but Cora could clearly see that his thoughts were fully elsewhere. Whatever her uncle had spotted beyond the wall had moved him profoundly, and the calculating light that always showed when he was making plans had sprung to life again in his eyes. She shivered. That meant trouble, make no mistake. She backed off quickly, before Carl could rope her into anything she was very much not willing to do, and wandered amongst their little camp. The sailors ignored her, making quick, logical plans about who would stay and who would go. She saw Hayes and Jimmy having a 'heated discussion', which was what her mother had always called an argument, so she went to Herb, who was methodically packing and repacking a bag of supplies. \"What were they like?\" She asked softly \"The ones that took her?\" She'd only glanced the fleeing backs of the native people briefly, and couldn't separate what she'd actually seen and what she'd only imagined. \"People, but no people I'd ever seen.\" Herb shook his head, pausing in his work \"Strange, dark people. Bone thin, with long hair and these intense faces. Savages, Cora. Dangerous folks.\" Suddenly he frowned, grave-faced \"You're to stay with the crew, y'hear? Stay safe. This island is no place for a young lady.\" She felt a stab of annoyance at 'young lady', \"But I want to help her!\" She countered, resisting the urge to stamp her foot. \"Cora Denham, I've known you since you were a little girl!\" Herb retorted, setting down the bag purposefully \"If you think I'll let you put yourself in danger, you got another thing coming.\" He sighed \"I don't mean to be so stern with you,\" he added softly \"But things are getting out of control. And I could never forgive myself if you or Miss Darrow were hurt, or worse. Do you understand?\" She felt her own shoulders sag resignedly \"I understand.\" She understood all right. She had to be a lady, be contained and cautious and returned home in one piece. Part of her didn't want to go with them – her avoiding Carl in his scheming mode had assured her of that – but another part wanted to see Ann safe with Cora's own eyes, and more to it, prove a point. \"She'll need a friend to come back to. That's more than you think.\" Cora turned to see Preston passing nearby. She nodded and managed a small smile. \"Thanks Preston. You be careful, okay?\" He chuckled sheepishly \"Yes ma'am.\" But then his gaze flickered to the jungle beyond the wall, and the laughter faded. Cora stood alone with her thoughts for a moment as Preston walked away. Ann could well already be dead, she reminded herself sternly. It was foolish to have too much hope, and yet… And yet perhaps that was all they had just then. Refocusing instead on the here and now she overheard scraps of conversation from the groups around her. \"…a god in physical form – it's angry we disturbed it-\" \"…this all the water we have? Is this it-\" \"…some pantomime cooked up by the savages-\" \"…The wide-angle will do just fine.\" That last curious one was Carl. Ordering herself not to ask, she walked on, double taking when she spotted Hayes striding around from man to man, making final agreements, checking supplies, but without the constant Jimmy by his side. After a few seconds search, she found him stood apart from the others, turned away and tense, as he frantically shoved his untidy hair underneath a wool hat. \"What's the hat all about?\" She asked, trying to keep the condescension out of her voice. He jumped and immediately looked defensive, as if expecting her to be someone else. After a second however, he relaxed \"Mr Hayes said I couldn't go with the search party. But I got to.\" He looked embarrassed \"I want to help.\" \"Won't he just send you back if he finds you?\" She asked, looking back at the first mate now deep in conversation with the captain. Jimmy shook his head, face set with determination. \"Not if I get far enough. He won't leave me on my own, not out there.\" \"You don't know tha-\" \"Yeah I do, Cora.\" He cut in \"I know him.\" She gazed at him, silenced by his intensity, the light burning in his eyes. This wasn't the maniacal sparks that danced in Carl's eyes whenever he was up to something. This was something constant and determined and true. She tried to remember the last time he'd used her name, her first name, not just a hurried 'Miss Denham' for courtesy. It struck her that it had been just after she'd eavesdropped on the horror story in the mess. That itself could only have been no more than a week or so ago, yet it felt like a lifetime. Suddenly aware she was staring, she quickly looked away, breaking eye contact and feeling heavily scrutinised somehow, and more than ever like an outsider to this tight knit crew. Jimmy knew Hayes, Cora did not. It was the undeniable fact of the matter, much like that she had only known this boy for a small part of her life, and that he was employed to serve her. This last fact jarred in her mind and she tried to push it aside before it could grow and needle any further. \"Alright. I suppose you're right.\" She tucked the last wayward strands of his hair underneath the hat and tried not to let her hand linger at his face. \"Bring her back Jim. And stay safe. Promise me.\" \"I can't guarantee that.\" He murmured. \"Promise me you'll try then?\" Desperate for something to distract her shaking hands, she tugged the collar of his coat straight, smoothed down the torn lapels. He caught her hand in his and held it firmly, reassuringly. \"I'll be back before you know it.\" He said lightly. His hand on hers was rough but warm, and reassuring with it despite everything that happened. Casting a quick look over her shoulder to check no one was looking, she stood on tiptoes and pressed a quick kiss to his cheek. \"Okay.\" \"You got guns, you got food, you got the ammo. And you got twenty four hours.\" Englehorn barked, as the search party made to move out, a decent group that included Carl, Jack, Herb, Preston and Bruce as well as a selection of the Venture's best men. \"Twenty four hours?\" Baxter yelped, his cocky stride faltering. He looked the part of the action hero, with a pack slung over one shoulder and a gun in hand, but the sailors having to practically push him through the gate ruined the image somewhat. Englehorn ignored him. \"This time tomorrow,\" he announced grimly \"we haul anchor.\" There was a finality in his words and from her spot on the rocks Cora felt something heavy settle around her stomach that she couldn't quite put a name to. As Hayes led the stream of men away, she watched the discrete figure with the wool hat and the hunched shoulders follow them.[Chapter 10] Chapter 13 – Not in This World At worst it seemed she was, from here on in, to be ignored. She could deal with that. She was used to that. The anti-climax of seeing the search party finally disappear amongst the trees, and the yells of Ann's name fading seemed to bring a cloud over them all. Englehorn, who had watched after them until they were out of sight had become closed-faced again and walked between his remaining crew tense and irate. Cora stood aside. Despite the climate, a chill wind whistled in off the water, and the stone village provided no insulation. She pulled the sleeves of her cardigan over her hands and rubbed them together but didn't dare complain. Half a dozen of Englehorn's crew had made a trip back to the ship and bought various provisions to their makeshift base camp. One of them, a stocky man with fair hair, stopped in his work and frowned at her. \"What?\" She snapped, knotting her cuffs tighter around her knuckles. He reached into a nearby pack that had been bought ashore, \"Here.\" He said in a rough British accent, throwing her a bundle of heavy cloth. \"That's for you. Put it on.\" Unfolding it, she discovered the item was a thick khaki overcoat. She looked at him questioningly. He half-shrugged \"Thought that might come in handy. I got a sister, see – you girls seem to have a problem with packing sensible clothes.\" It smelt of motor oil and stale sweat, but she forced herself to swallow her pride and pull it on. Her thin dress and cardigan hadn't been the most practical choice, and the coat almost instantly added some warmth. She couldn't help but smile. \"Thank you, Mr..?\" The sailor looked surprised at still being addressed, and so formally too \"Joliffe. Arthur Joliffe. At your service.\" He inclined his head into a faux bow and Cora smiled. Neatly rolling up the over-long sleeves of the coat, she looked warily up at the high stone wall. She'd seen Jack scale the imposing structure earlier on, but he was far taller than her and had had desperation and adrenaline on his side. It was worth a shot at least. The ragged edges of the rock made for small shelves, small enough for a hand or foot perhaps. She turned her foot and set it on the first ledge. It held and taking a deep breath, she pushed herself up to the next, pulling with her hands and slowly but surely climbing up the wall. Some of the edges were sharp, and cut into her palms, and she winced as she climbed. But still she went on. Like climbing walls and fences as a kid, one of Alex's gang giving her a shove up to get her started. Just another wall, she told herself, just another shortcut. Ten feet…Fifteen feet…Twenty feet… Her hand, the one she'd jarred in the crash and still twinged, slipped from the ledge. Her heart lurched, rock crumbled, and she jerked backwards, clinging on with her remaining hand. \"Oh God!\" it slipped out before she could help herself, and her nails dug in, scraping on the rock. \"Please-\" She stammered, unsure who she was even pleading with. \"Not yet, please…\" When her panicked breathing had settled a little, she clamped her hand back down hard onto the ledge and kept going. She was still alive, she told herself. Just…be more careful. That was close, too close. Every so often small, crude ladders had been implemented, by the savages Herb had mentioned, Cora assumed. Their construction looked dubious and she purposely avoided one or two in fear that the dry wood would crack beneath her. As she climbed higher however, it became apparent that they were necessary, as they became more frequent, hitched to untidy bamboo platforms. Feeling like a mouse, dwarfed by this impossible structure, she made her way further up, seeing connections, seeing a route that had been laid out for her. It took her nearly an hour and several wrong turns, but finally she reached the top. The view took her breath away. She could see the jungle properly now, stretching on and on, a stormy ocean of greenery. In the distance, huge cragged peaks fractured the skyline. A vast winged creature, too far away to identify properly, circled the highest point almost lazily, beating its wide wings every so often. It was completely unsullied by human hand. The last truly wild place on the planet, Carl's last blank space on the map. Even Africa had been bordered and regimented by those who lived there and the visiting film crews. The whole world must have been like this once, she mused. She found a spot to sit and continued to stare out across the island, drinking in the wild and unknown place before her. It seemed impossible to imagine that that old life was still going somewhere. Her mother in Paris, making polite conversation and buying overpriced dresses. Alex knocking on every door in search of odd jobs. Her sister Sadie wedding shopping in California. Violet and Alice still in New York, still fretting about day to day things and gossiping about men. And here…here was Cora Denham, sat on the rock, associating with sailors and actresses, her hands covered in scratches and wearing a smelly old coat. Associating with ship boys. She frowned at the tree tops. Jimmy was still out there somewhere, she knew, completely at the mercy of tigers or snakes, or whatever monsters this island held. A memory, in a city café, Violet, shaking back her carroty hair and announcing, in her know-it-all tone; \"When Cora gets her most unsuitable boy we'll be the first to know!\" Maybe once, Violet would have assumed that Alex would one day take that role in Cora's affections. But they'd known each other far too long, knew each other too well – Alex was like a brother to her, and older brother that she always striven to impress. She knew however, that his mother would have only been too thrilled for them. But now there was Jimmy, who her thoughts seemed to return to again and again. Jimmy who was her age and maybe not her class, but just seemed to 'get' her. When they spoke things just seemed to fall into their places. There was no effort in their friendship, and yes- she would call it that. Things were easy and simple. It was like nothing she'd ever known. To bring Jimmy to her friends, to bring these separate parts of her life together… Sadie might be on board with it, after some thought. Violet would make a thousand judgements at first glance and later be proven right on almost all of them. Alice would ask a dozen questions, and Alex? She had no idea. She considered Alex to be one of the most important people in her life. She didn't introduce people to him. That was just how it was. She could scarcely imagine introducing anyone to Alex…except maybe, just maybe…Jimmy. \"Miss Denham!\" She flinched, suddenly thrown from her thoughts by the summoning. She looked back to the island and realised the sun had moved quite noticeably across the sky. \"Denham!\" The yell rang out again. She peeked carefully over the edge of the wall. \"Captain?\" \"Get down here.\" He beckoned nonchalantly from where he stood at the base, but Cora still immediately obeyed. The man had had a face like thunder for the last three hours. Even she realised it would be unwise to argue with him. Herself however was another story, and for her entire descent, bar one rather dangerous manoeuvre, she was absorbed in a counter argument to her thoughts on top of the wall. The rational, logical, realistic and unromantic side of her. Why was she even considering this? Why even entertain the notion? It was madness and her mother would put a stop to it before it could even begin. They were from totally different classes - different worlds. It couldn't, and wouldn't, last. Not in any universe. \"I'm here.\" She announced, slightly unnecessarily to the captain, joining him \"What do you want?\" \"I'm going to teach you something. Come.\" He walked off, long, swift steps and Cora scurried after him. They stopped at one of the whalers that were serving as their stores. \"I'm going to teach you a life skill.\" He drew a spare gun from one of the boats and presented it to Cora. She backed away clumsily, eyes wide and her hands instinctively flung up before her \"Whoa – are you sure?\" Englehorn smirked and slung the gun across his shoulder. \"Absolutely. Besides, I'm sick and tired of you sitting around feeling sorry for yourself.\" Cora huffed \"I was not,\" she argued, following the captain back across the rocky terrain. \"Feeling sorry for myself.\" \"It was very over dramatic. Your uncle would have been very proud, but you need to snap out of it. Now -\" He held out the rifle to Cora, who took it tentatively \"I hope that you'll never have to use one of these, but I don't know just what this island holds. You're less of a liability to my crew if you can defend yourself. Now, are you ready to listen?\" His forthright manner was shocking yet strangely appropriate, and Cora found herself nodding an affirmative. She did not take to shooting well. The rifle itself was cumbersome, her impatience hindered her willingness to aim and every missed shot added to her growing aggravation. Her shoulder began to ache where her weak grip caused the gun to slam back into the joint with every shot. Englehorn seemed to delight in her ineptitude. Every error he pointed out was paired with a jibe, a subtle dig at her upbringing and behaviour and Cora understood that with Carl goodness knows where looking for Ann, she was now in the line of fire. And yet, she couldn't blame him, she decided. Carl had led them all on what had become a deadly chase. An easy enough job had become a life and death struggle. If she was in the captain's shoes, she'd be pretty angry too. When she finally (somehow) managed to hit the target Englehorn had set up with a dead bullseye, she spun to check to his reaction, her entire limb aching, grinning broadly and breathless with excitement, but he'd just taken a drag on his cigarette, shrugged and dubbed it; \"Not completely awful.\" Her smile faltered only a little. She could not help but feel pleased. He nodded towards the target on the far off ledge. \"Again.\" With a short, irritable sigh, she slung the gun back into her arms and resumed setting up her aim. \"Nobody ever admits that they're moping.\" He commented idly, pacing behind her. \"I told you, I wasn't.\" Cora replied instantly, lining up the barrel of the gun. \"And even if I was I think I've got a good enough excuse.\" \"Is that so?\" He gave a short, barking laugh \"You have suffered no more or less than anyone else in the world. So your father died. That was unfortunate, not unique. What are you going to do about it?\" She turned, remembering at the last second to lower the barrel \"How did you know about my father?\" \"Max Denham?\" He grunted \"Your father had fingers in many pies when it came to making business. His name came up more than once. I say again – what are you going to do? Keep blaming the rest of the world? Act like you can do no wrong? If the world has done you so wrong, then nobody can say anything bad about you, yes?\" \"That's not what I meant!\" Cora cried. \"See, but it is. It's what happens to everyone who life deals the cards they do not want.\" He paused for a moment before pushing on, the words oddly strained \"I ran away from everything that went wrong in my life when I was a young man. Here's some advice; don't do the same.\" Cora's mind suddenly filled with the image of a young girl, running through the streets with a gang of children, roaming the city until all hours, getting into fights and trying desperately not to look at her father's grave. \"Too late, Captain. \" She shoved the gun back into Engelhorn's grasp \"I already did. So you can-\" She stopped, alerted to the sound of approaching footsteps. \"Cap'n.\" Joliffe had joined them and only briefly glanced suspiciously at the rifle \"Cap'n, you need to come with me.\" Immediately ignoring the girl, Englehorn turned sharply to the sailor \"What is it?\" \"We've spotted…people, Cap'n.\" Joliffe gestured vaguely \"People comin' out the jungle. I think they might be comin' back. I think they might've found her.\" NB: I cannot begin to tell you how long that shooting lesson has been planned out and written. I'm just sorry it took this long to get here![Chapter 11] Chapter 14 – Going Hunting \"Hey! He-ey!\" Cora's heart leapt, hearing shouts from the jungle ahead and she quickly followed the sailors now running towards the noise. \"Who is it?\" She yelled to those ahead as she scrambled across the rock after them. \"Who's there?\" A grubby, sweaty and bruised Bruce Baxter came bursting through the trees, like something straight out of one of his movies. The returning hero, followed by a few of the ship's crew, all grumbling and frowning. She quickly scanned their faces, but saw no Jimmy, no Hayes, no Preston… \"Bruce!\" She found herself smiling regardless. \"I never thought I would say this, but I am so glad to see you! Where are the others? Did you find her? Did you find Ann?\" Bruce paused, his megawatt grin faltering slightly. A small, strangled noise wheedled out from his throat. \"Baxter.\" Cora growled. \"Where are they?\" His shoulders slumped and his hands began turning in a 'what can you do' kind of gesture \"We kinda… sorta… split up-\" Bruce began, but was cut off abruptly as Cora flew at him, angrily, her stress and anxiety from the last few hours finally spilling over. She beat distractedly at his chest and shoulders, half-blinded with her rage \"You abandoned them you- you – coward! You scum! You lousy, no good-\" Joliffe apologetically grabbed her by the under arms and dragged her away, still kicking and cursing. \"Look, it was a bad idea, don't think I don't already know that!\" Bruce pleaded, brushing himself off to attempt to cover how sheepish he looked. \"But we have to go back.\" He turned to the captain. \"Englehorn…c'mon…look, there are DINOSAURS, I swear, and God knows what else on this damn island and wherever the others went, they're gonna need our help. We've lost some folks already! It's hell out there. Please…\" He added. \"We really can't leave 'em.\" Behind him, Cora saw one of the basecamp sailors cuff a returnee around the head, scolding him for his negligence. Joliffe dropped her and she shrugged him off violently, skittering away to her own sudden quiet panic. They were all still out there and they'd lost some – as Bruce claimed. She looked at his desperate, pleading face and instantly knew he was telling the truth. They'd already lost Mike, but who else? Not Carl, she hoped – despite his faults he was family and the closet thing left she had to her father. And not Preston, God, not well-meaning, hard-working, long suffering Preston - The unwelcome thought of Jimmy's body lying broken and dead somewhere on the island made her stomach turn and she leant heavily on the nearest stone pillar. \"Cap'n.\" Joliffe, commented tentatively. \"Half our crew are still out there, Cap'n. They might be in trouble…\" Englehorn threw up his hands \"Since you seem to leave me no choice.\" He turned to his remaining crewmen. \"I want half a dozen of you to stay here and keep an eye on the ship. Get ready – I want to be able toleave the minute we return. In my absence, you take orders from Mr Hayes. As for the rest of you, get ready to move out, standard packs once again. Mr Joliffe, bring the guns…\" he turned to Bruce and his face turned grave \"You will lead us your path.\" It was not a request. \"All right, fine.\" Bruce grumbled \"Just keep the wildcat away from me and we'll get along fine.\" Cora scowled at the actor before realising that Englehorn was heading her way. \"I suppose you'll be coming with us.\" He said to her, dropping his voice as the other set to work. \"You suppose correctly.\" She replied smartly \"I'm not being left here again, that's for sure. Besides, I've got some new skills to put into practice.\" His expression didn't change \"It will be dangerous. Very dangerous.\" \"I got the hint.\" She fixed an amiable close-lipped smile to her face, the one Eleanor always used when she was trying to get her way. Sickening proper and polite, and impossible to even begin to argue with. He sighed heavily. \"Fine. But I am no longer responsible for your safety. I have enough to concern me without keeping one eye on you at all times. You fall behind, you're left behind, you're hurt, you walk it off. Do you understand?\" She nodded gratefully. \"Yes. Thank you sir. Honestly.\" \"You really care about him, don't you?\" He said, after a moments silence. Cora shrugged. \"Well, I guess, I mean, he's the only uncle I got-\" \"I wasn't talking about Denham.\" Englehorn interrupted, and walked away, leaving Cora gaping like a fish. She left the coat at the camp, hearing that the climate inside the trees was much more humid. She resented taking it off, having grown accustomed to its comforting weight. Joliffe had been chosen to accompany them, and whilst he didn't comment on her shedding the heavy outerwear, he made sure the weapon she was assigned was the one she'd practiced with. \"You got your ammo here.\" He explained, trying to sound casual and cheery as if they were going on nothing more than a hunting trip in the English countryside. \"Did the captain show you how to reload it? Good, good, it'll take a spot of practice but you've got the basics so that's something. You got your water? Don't go wasting that…\" Behind the babble however, Cora could sense his nerves as his hand shook slightly as he went to sling his pack onto his own shoulder. Bruce had recovered from his earlier embarrassment and was now pacing, gesturing grandly with his arms as he recounted their route through the jungle. To believe his tale, it was as if Bruce had butted heads with an irrational, emotionally compromised Jack Driscoll, and single-handedly made the heroic sacrifice of returning. On their way back they had battled huge venomous flying insects (Bruce, of course, taking several of them out with no help required) and trekked the last few kilometres without water. To his credit Englehorn didn't look in the slightest bit impressed and Cora smirked as she watched him nod three times throughout the story and respond with no more than an \"Alright, fine.\" Obviously expecting high praise instead, Bruce had noticeably wilted. Cora ensured her shoes were tightly fastened and her hair was pushed back away from her face. It was in desperate need of a wash and as much as she was reluctant to admit it, the grease was probably helping the pins to keep it out of her eyes. I must look a wreck, she thought. Then she remembered Ann, still out there. Perhaps still alive. To hell with looks. They had work to do. Before long they were ready to leave. Armed to the teeth, and supplies replenished, they followed, crocodile style, as Bruce and Englehorn walked side by side across the rickety bridge. The captain paused at the tree line and looked back at them. \"If anybody has any doubts – any at all – then this is the time to go back. No judgement.\" He eyes sought out Cora in the group and she stared back stubbornly. \"Very well.\" He said after a short, grim silence. \"Mr Baxter – lead on.\" The worst thing was the oppressive heat. Humid, and weighing down on all of them, making packs and supplies seem much more of a burden. The second worst was the mosquitos. Their group travelled largely in silence, bar the odd slap on skin against the nuisance creatures, and the odd yelp of 'ouch' and cursing. Their bites were unpleasant enough, raising itchy, painful lumps on the skin, but their sound too set everyone on edge, an unending, irritating buzz, akin to nails on a schoolroom board. They were distracting, too much so. Between waving the insects away and ducking their swoops, Cora kept trying to keep a lookout around her. Baxter's threats of prehistoric monsters seemed too outlandish to be mere imagination, and the returning sailors had sided with him. Every shadow on the ground was a killer, every bird rustling in the under bush something coming to get them. The jungle seemed to be having an adverse effect on them all. As full of bravado the other sailors had been on entry, now they seemed reluctant to even announce their presence. \"Hayes!\" The yell seemed to echo and even the captain looked cowed at its volume \"Mr Denham!\" Englehorn was live-wire alert. Every noise or movement before them drew his pinpoint attention towards it. Twice he stopped, primed and ready to attack if need be. Twice he moved on without a word. But if anything his caution put them all on edge. When one of the crew merely touched his arm a third time to alert him to a muffled sound, Cora already felt frightened. Englehorn turned slowly, his stare landing on a thick clump of plant life that was rustling with more than any breeze. They watched as he looked at the sailor, and nodded. Minutely, momentarily – but undeniably nodded. \"Be ready.\" He ordered in barely more than a whisper. Baxter was already getting ready to flee. The branches shook with a growing intensity, and Cora watched Englehorn raise his weapon, silent and deadly. \"Get behind me.\" Joliffe muttered, reaching out an arm to put between Cora and the approaching motion. Closer…closer - until suddenly a figure blundered out! But human, and pale skinned. A figure stubbornly clinging on to its cracked and battered spectacles… \"Preston!\" Cora cried out with the same relief that seemed to wash over them all. \"That was close, Mr Howard. Too close. I was ready to shoot.\" Englehorn commented, lowering his tommy. \"Sorry!\" He gasped, and nodded gratefully as someone passed him a water canteen. He drank heavily and had to catch his breath before continuing. \"I shoulda yelled but – I thought I'd attract – I got separated from the others. They're all in danger.\" \"Then we must move.\" Englehorn said firmly, motioning for them all to continue \"If we can just find Hayes-\" Preston shook his head and seemed to have aged years in the few hours they had been apart. \"Hayes is dead, Captain.\" A stunned silence followed this news, broken only by Joliffe's hoarse whisper; \"Mother of God…\" \"What?\" Englehorn was hushed with shock, mistiming a step and stumbling ever so slightly with it. \"He's dead.\" Preston repeated wretchedly, returning the canteen. \"There is this...beast, I'd wager the thing that took Ann Darrow. It's a gorilla, as big as a building, and stronger than anything we've got. I know – it sounds crazy-\" \"I believe you.\" Englehorn cut in quickly, saving time. \"Where are the others?\" \"In trouble. We gotta go. Come on.\" Still clutching at his broken glasses, Preston beckoned for them to follow him. Together, the motley group continued to hack its way back through the thick vegetation. As they walked, Preston told the story where Bruce had left off. Of crossing the lethal swamp, encountering the giant gorilla on the log and Hayes' valiant final stand. \"As we fell I got myself tangled in a load of vines.\" Preston explained \"I managed to climb up, like climbing a rope I guess, they were thick and strong enough. I took a wild guess at our direction and started heading back, hoping I'd find someone.\" \"How the others, do you know?\" She asked, falling into step with him. \"Carl was still alive when they went into the pit. So was Jack. But Herb…\" He faltered and sighed, before uttering the next few words \"Herb didn't make it, Cora. I'm sorry.\" Preston was still talking, but Cora couldn't make out the words. They were vague, nonsensical sounds, muffled, like Preston was in another room. Herb didn't make it. She stumbled on, feeling as if all the air had suddenly been sucked from her lungs with a vacuum. Herb was dead. Those three words didn't even seem to go together right. They were absurd, unthinkable. \"No…\" She mumbled \"That….it can't…\" \"Incoming!\" A scream from one of the sailors woke Cora from her stunned daze. Everyone around her was suddenly reacting, and Cora barely had time to register the cracking sound from the nearby tree before something came hurtling out of it. She scrambled for her rifle, but her hands were clumsy and slow. She stumbled backwards, her heel catching on a tree root, pitching her backwards. The creature hurtled past, so close she'd felt it brush past her face, smelt its rank odour. It landed, spun, spotted her again, leapt forward- A rattle of gunfire rang out and with a dull thud, the monster hit the ground, silenced. \"Bloody hell.\" Joliffe stated, the tommy gun in his hands still aimed. \"Bloody hell. \" \"Miss Denham?\" Englehorn called from the head of the group. Preston was at her side, helping her to her feet. She realised she was shaking. She swallowed hard and nodded \"I'm fine.\" Her voice quivered a little \"Fine.\" They all looked back at the thing now motionless on the jungle floor, taking tentative steps forward in case it was merely playing dead. No more than six feet in length, it appeared a strange hybrid of lizard type creatures. Covered from head to toe in rough green-brown scales, its little front legs bore vicious hooked claws. Its head was large and bore a wide, hinged jaw that had now fallen open to reveal a long spiked tongue and razor sharp teeth. \"Is that…\" Cora began, peering curiously at the body. Joliffe nudged it with the barrel of the tommy, and grimaced. \" Now do ya believe me?\" Bruce declared. After another assurance that she was quite well, just shaken, they continued on. Strangely enough the attack had alleviated a little of the tension over them. The attack they had so feared had happened, they had survived it, and the unknown was no longer such. As they walked on, Cora glanced back at Preston, remembering their last conversation. \"Jimmy?\" She asked quietly, her throat thick. Preston understood immediately. \"Alive when I last saw him. But in a bad way. Not-\" he added swiftly, as Cora's face fell \"Not hurt, not physical anyway. He watched Hayes die, Cora. It devastated him. But he's still alive.\" Alive. He was alive. \"Thank you.\" She croaked, pushing onwards, the ache in her feet starting to echo the one in her chest. \"It's all right. We're nearly there. I'm just gonna let Englehorn know.\" He left her side and put on a burst of speed to catch up with the German. They emerged from the trees and Preston confirmed aloud that this was the spot he'd left the others. The ground gave way in front of them to a sheer drop. The other side was a good ten, twelve feet from them, the edge jagged as if the chasm was a great tear in the land, wrenched apart by some huge hand. Huge knotted roots seemed to cling the ground beneath their feet together. A few dribs and drabs of greenery overflowed into the void, which had to be responsible for the vines Preston had described. They all hurried to the edge and looked down, past Preston's pointed finger. \"There they are! He cried. Far, far below them a few tiny beings were thrashing about, the odd frightened yell reaching their ears. They were fighting off an unexpected bunch of attackers – bugs. Cora shivered. Grotesquely proportioned things, from where they stood above, they looked as small as domestic spiders – but they were far away. Up close…Cora dreaded to think as she watched their spindly legs rattle across the ground at top speed, jump obscene distances, pouncing on their prey. \"I can see Jack down there!\" Cora said, immediately spotting the writer. But Jimmy – her eyes searched the bottom of the pit. She couldn't spot him. A sense of panic suddenly flared in the pit of her stomach. She turned to see Englehorn stood beside her. \"Aim carefully.\" He told her, gesturing to the rifle on her shoulder. \"Put that to good use.\" She didn't need telling twice.[Chapter 12] Chapter Fifteen - Deeds and Deals Four years earlier… \"And I'm telling you that the gang would be so much better if we let the Biltmore kids in.\" Cora insisted, as she and Alex walked towards the docks that morning. The three siblings, two boys and a girl in the middle, had approached him the previous day asking for inclusion, but the boy was still unsure. Alex considered his gang an elite, a selection of children and teenagers handpicked and talent spotted and as leader, he and he alone had the final word. Cora was fourteen, and milking every chance to get out of the house, knowing full well her time with Alex's gang was running short. The term 'lady' was being thrown around in her presence far more than she was comfortable with, so she was upping her efforts to remain as Alex's lieutenant. \"I still think it's a bad idea\" Alex replied, shaking his head as they emerged from their shortcut and avoided a passing truck full of goods to be shipped. \"Besides, Johnny Biltmore's a coward. He'd ditch us in a fight, I'd betcha anything.\" \"You ain't got nothin' to bet!\" Cora teased him, with a grin. He shoved her good naturedly in return, and they could have gone on like that, little jibes and jests, if their attention had not been caught by the sound of a dockside scuffle. \"What's going on?\" Cora looked to her taller ally to see if he could spot something she couldn't. Kids were yelling and whooping, amidst the sounds of punches landing, wooden surfaces being slammed into again and again. Alex craned his head as they approached a small collective of teenagers, and suddenly flushed with rage \"It's the Riversiders!\" He cried, recognising their greatest rivals \"They got some kid.\" \"One of ours?\" Cora was instantly alert. They had had countless run-ins with the Riversiders, so it would be no surprise if they'd taken one of their own footsoldiers in retaliation. \"Can't tell.\" He muttered darkly. \"Come on!\" With a wild battle yell, Alex took off towards the rival gang, Cora close at his heels. They each hurled themselves into the fray, pulling the kids away from their victim and landing a few hits of their own on their old enemies. \"You wanna start somethin' Morgan?\" A lanky boy barked. The other Riversiders obviously took this as a sign to split, and stood back, letting their gangly leader square up to Alex and Cora. \"Maybe I do.\" Alex put up his fists, bouncing on the balls of his feet and ready. \"C'mon Parker, make it worth my time.\" Eddie Parker spat vehemently at Alex's feet. Although Alex was shorter by a head, he was far stronger than Eddie and they both knew it. Eddie seemed to weigh up his options, his tongue running over the tender gap in his jaw where Alex had dislodged two teeth in their last meeting. He jerked his head, summoning the others. \"It ain't worth it. He ain't nothin' but some street trash kid. You want him? Have him. He's nothing.\" Together the Riversiders sloped away into the city, shooting dark looks back at Alex and Cora and muttering threats as loud as they dared. \"Goddamn Parker!\" Alex muttered, watching them leave. \"He knows this is our turf.\" Cora growled and turned back to her friend. Alex looked at her. \"Cor - you're bleedin'.\" \"It ain't nothin'.\" She protested, wiping at her now split lip, fully knowing that 'nothing' would make her mother hit the roof. She paused and lowered her voice \"Al, look at that…\" The 'street trash kid', as Eddie Parker had dubbed him was crouched huddled between two crates, shaking like a leaf. It looked as if he'd tried to hide himself, shrinking away as small as possible, but the numerous cuts and bruises from the gangs beating showed how well that had gone. His mousy hair was matted with blood and grime, and under the dirt on his face his eyes and cheeks were hollowed with hunger. \"Hey.\" Cora said, and then again, softer, when he flinched away. \"Hey…you okay?\" The boy didn't reply, visibly tense. His intense gaze flickered between them, never settling for one moment. Swatting at Cora and her bluntness, Alex crouched down to the kids' level. The boy was around their age, if Alex had to guess, despite the obvious neglect making him look younger. And the wounds…Alex had often witnessed brutish fathers raise their fists to their wives and children, but this one looked as if he'd been mauled by bears. \"We ain't gonna hurtcha.\" He promised quietly with a smile. Cora wiped the blood from her chin and joined him, awkwardly crouching \"We just wanted to get those damn Riversiders off ya.\" Alex looked closer at the boy. His arm hung awkwardly and looked badly broken, cradled to his chest with the remaining limb. \"Did they chase you here?\" He asked. A single nod. \"Where did ya come from?\" Silence. Alex bit his lip, suddenly feeling lost. He'd gone out of his way to seek out the most mistreated and lonely kids on his block and talk them out of their hiding spots, calm them down, recruit them if he thought them tough enough, but he'd never come across anyone quite like this. So damaged, and with such hatred and fear in their eyes. A stare that made him feel guilty for something he hadn't even done \"..I'm Alex.\" He finally offered. \"And I'm Cora.\" Cora added. \"Cora Denham. Hi.\" Still no reply. The boy shifted and kept his eyes fixed nervously on them, like a cornered animal. \"If you want…\" Alex began slowly. \"We can take ya to get fixed up or somethin'. Take ya home?\" Alex would never know what he'd done to warrant this reaction, but all of a sudden the boy leapt to his feet, barked 'no!' and using his good arm, shoved Alex aside and pelted off down the dockside, as if a pack of wolves were after him. \"What the hell?\" Cora cried, taking a few steps after him. \"Leave it.\" Alex grunted, picking himself up and grabbing her by the arm. Together they watched the boy disappear from sight. Cora wiped the new blood from her mouth and looked again. It was no use. The boy had completely vanished, and all was how it had been, bar a few dock workers now shooting suspicious glances their way. One man, tall and dark, stopped in his tracks and looked between them, the two youths and the direction of the fleeing boy. The expression on his face didn't herald anything good. \"C'mon.\" Cora muttered, nervously tugging on Alex's sleeve. \"Let's get outta here, c'mon…\" Etiquette lessons with Eleanor had started the very next day. They'd made short work of the creatures. Conscious of the risk of hitting one of their friends, Cora had focused her attentions on the insects scuttling out of their holes, whilst the men picked off the ones closer to the survivors with surer aim. She'd made a few hits, but there was no time to seek praise for them. Joliffe had hung precariously over the ridge, punctuating each pull of the trigger with damning the insects to hell, and Bruce himself had swung down into the chasm on one of the thick, leathery vines like Tarzan of the apes, Tommy gun blazing and yelling curses at the top of his lungs. \"Bruce…\" Cora began, as the actor was finally hauled back to safety \"that was actually very impressive.\" He smiled and winked at her. She grimaced. He shrugged it off. She watched Joliffe cross to the ridge, ready to pull up the next survivor, but he moved no further. His shoulders slumped and Cora realised in a moment that he didn't need to move any further. Their job was already done. \"Is that it?\" She murmured faintly. No Lumpy, no Choy… \"Are they all that's left...\" She trailed off as the horrible realisation washed over her. Amidst their hopeless group she spotted a blue shirt, a dirty face – \"Jimmy!\" She didn't care. Not anymore. Shoving anyone in her way aside, she ran to his side, gently touching his arm. \"Jimmy.\" He jumped at her touch before looking at her properly through red rimmed eyes. He was covered in dirt and his face was scratched and bleeding like he'd been attacked with razors. But he was alive. \"It's me.\" She whispered, laying a hand on his shoulder. \"It's okay. It's me. It's me, it's Cora.\" \"Cora?\" He seemed dazed, disorientated \"Mr Hayes, he-\" He began, before his face crumpled and he collapsed into her arms. She clung back, numb with shock. Hayes, their protector, the closest thing the sobbing boy in her arms had to a father, was gone. She looked over his shoulder to see two sailors hauling her uncle to safety and suddenly felt such a rush of loathing for him that it surprised her. \"That's the thing about cockroaches,\" Englehorn was saying, clearly trying not to let the words 'I told you so' slip out in that order, \"no matter how many times you flush them down the toilet they always crawl back up the bowl.\" \"Come on lad.\" Joliffe instructed, not unkindly, helping move Jimmy away from the edge. \"Come on now.\" Cora reluctantly released him, nodding in thanks and decided, for appearances sake, to look to her relative. Carl looked a sight. His clothing was torn, he was covered head to toe in a layer of dirt and grime, his hair was matted and all over the place, and his hands and face were scratched all over. Yet still, as he straightened up, Cora could still see Carl Denham was not beaten just yet. She tried not to groan and simply closed her eyes instead. \"Hey buddy!\" she heard him declare \"I'm outta the bowl! I'm drying off my wings and trekking across the lid!\" Reopening her eyes, Cora crossed to the edge to join him. A sudden movement caught her eye and she squinted against the low sun. Across the chasm she could just about make out the despondent figure of Jack Driscoll. He too looked in a terrible way. \"Driscoll!\" Englehorn's yell was hoarse as it rang out into the void \"Don't be a fool! Give it up, it's useless.\" His voice dropped a little, wretchedly \"She's dead.\" \"She's not dead.\" Cora turned, to see Carl watching them all carefully. \"What?\" \"Jack's gonna bring her back.\" Englehorn and Cora were now both staring at Carl. \"And the ape will be hard on his heels. We can still come out of this thing okay.\" He paused, tantalising \"More than okay.\" Cora frowned \"Carl, what are you saying?\" He hushed her with an errant flick of his hand and turned back to Englehorn \"Think about it,\" he continued \"you've got a boat full of chloroform we can put to good use. The captain laughed humourlessly, \"You want to trap the Ape?\" His mirth vanished \"I don't think so.\" \"Isn't that what you do? Live animal capture? I heard you were the best.\" It was impossible to know what the man was thinking and Cora willed him to see sense, to turn Carl down. But he did not reply. \"Jack!\" Carl yelled \"Look after yourself!\" In the distance, Jack turned and looked back with a sense of finality. \"Keep the gate open.\" \"Sure thing, buddy!\" Carl yelled encouragingly \"Good luck!\" He murmured something else under his breath as an afterthought, and Cora found she didn't want to know what it was. Carl turned away and caught sight of his niece. Cora entertained the notion that there was some relief in his expression to see her safe and well, but then again, she could simply be imagining it \"You okay?\" he greeted her. \"I've had better days,\" she responded airily, as if they'd run into each other someplace no more dangerous than the New York Library \"You?\" \"You heard me.\" He made a great show of straightening his threadbare jacket \"Trekkin' across the lid Cora, trekkin' across the lid.\" She shook her head \"You're not actually gonna try and catch this thing, right?\" \"Why not?\" \"Why not?!\" She cast a frightened look back to where Joliffe was speaking low and fast to an exhausted Jimmy. \"Carl, people are dead. A lot of people are dead.\" \"And for that I am truly sorry-\" \"Then stop this.\" She insisted in a whisper \"Now. Stop this madness. You're not dumb, Carl. You can stop this and we can all go home.\" \"With what?\" He snapped \"The camera's destroyed, all my film, all my equipment. I have nothing. I'll be ruined, don't you understand?! Ruined!\" he shook his head frantically and steered her further away from the group, gripping her elbow uncomfortably tight \"Just let me have this. This one little thing! And we'll be rich beyond anything you can even imagine. People will pay to see this thing in captivity. They'll pay big. And I'll share it with you.\" She pulled away, disgusted \"I don't want your dirty money.\" \"No?\" he sneered \"Oh no – I remember. Elle's going to marry you off to the highest bidder, am I right? Nothin' to worry about.\" She froze at the reminder. \"Or…\" He purred, watching her reaction carefully \"I credit you as one of the Skull Island explorers, I give you a slice of the profits and you become a woman of independent means. Live where you want. Marry who you want.\" He paused artfully, ever the showman \"How about it?\" \"What's the catch?\" Carl held up his hands \"No catch. You just stand aside and let me do what I gotta do. A coupla promotional appearances maybe, and that's it. It's a small price to pay for your freedom. Do we have a deal?\" \"I'll think about it.\" She muttered, but already her mind was alive with ideas and possibilities. A woman of independent means…at her age…no longer under her mother's control. Eleanor would likely disown her, Cora knew well, but Sadie wouldn't care, Sadie would still be family… \"Think about it Cora.\" He said smugly \"Seriously think.\" With their numbers so depleted, it did not take them long to depart for the wall. Water was shared out and the worst wounds haphazardly patched. With Englehorn, Preston and, unfortunately, Carl leading the way, they headed back the way they had come. The body of the strange reptile creature that had attacked earlier had vanished, and Cora wasn't sure whether it was due to a different path they were taking, or some bigger carrion beast sourcing its dinner. She dropped back and fell into step with Jimmy, whose head hung low in defeat, a monumental effort being taken to put one foot before the other. \"Preston told us what happened to Mr Hayes.\" She began cautiously. His face was grim and emotionless. \"I'm gonna kill it, Cora.\" He muttered \"I'm gonna kill the monster.\" She shivered \"Don't talk like that.\" \"Why not?\" He looked sharply at her and she almost flinched in alarm \"It killed Mr Hayes.\" \"I know. But…\" The words 'live animal capture' rang in her brain \"Just…just focus on getting back right now.\" She found herself taking his hand in hers as they stumbled through the greenery \"We gotta go back and be ready for Jack and Miss Darrow. After all,\" She tried to smile \"It's why we came in here, right?\" He pulled his hand away and she felt dejected for a moment, before he wrapped the same arm tight around her shoulders, pulling her close. They walked like that, in silence, for a long while, and night continued to fall. There was almost a funereal atmosphere in the air back at the camp. The crew who had remained behind were just as shocked at how few had returned. Jimmy was immediately taken to them for brotherly consolation and questioning in turns, whilst Englehorn steered Carl aside to plan their great feat. Cora's coat, now chilled from the cooling night air, was just where she'd left it, and she shrugged it back on to her shoulders. Had it only been less than a day she'd left it here? Were they truly still within Englehorn's promised twenty four hours? So much had happened – too much – for one single day. \"Everyone.\" Englehorn hailed them, stepping up onto a large rock to be heard \"Listen to me. We have lost a lot. I know this. By Mr Denham has an idea. An idea that – if we can do it – will get us out of here with something at least.\" The crew gathered, curious. \"There is an impossible creature on this island. Something the likes the world has never seen. But it is, at heart, an animal. And animal capture is what we do...\" \"Capture that beast?\" Joliffe cried \"The thing that killed Hayes?\" Englehorn ignored him and continued \"Mr Denham believes that the world will pay a great deal of money to view the creature, and we can all profit. But it will not be easy. This will be the biggest animal we ever capture. The most vicious, the most dangerous.\" He paused \"But also the most spectacular. We will need all of you to help. If we can do this, not only do we save Ann Darrow, but we potentially come out of this very rich indeed.\" Their reactions were mixed. Some of the crew recognised the chance for glory, for money. They glanced at each other and grinned knowingly. Others looked deeply perturbed, muttering discontent. Cora personally felt like she was being forcefully pushed towards a great drop with no way of going back. But something in Englehorn's tone and expression confirmed that none of them had a choice. Every man was set to his place. Some perched on the wall, others crouching behind it, like big game hunters. They were assigned nets, harpoons, grappling hooks. If they all worked together, Englehorn assured them, it would work. A few lamps were lit, casting long shadows as they worked, ropes bound and instructions echoing across the rocky plateau. Angry, raised voices caught Cora's attention, and she looked around to see Jimmy and Englehorn arguing by the wall. The plan had been least popular with Jimmy and Cora understood why. She had never seen the two of them so angry, Jimmy disregarding all respect and authority and Englehorn so clearly fighting his own conflict over the idea he could barely look at the boy. Whatever was said, the conversation was curtailed with Englehorn barking \"That is an ORDER\" and Jimmy finally, reluctantly, bitterly nodded. She watched from a short distance, tugging at her sleeves and searching for something to say as he threaded a thick rope through a grappling hook and began to secure the knot. \"You gonna say somethin', or you just gonna stand there?\" he said without looking up. She jumped and shook her head, embarrassed \"Sorry.\" He set down the hook and turned to her \"Did you know they were gonna try this?\" He crossed his arms across his chest, his expression completely closed off. She feebly shrugged \"I suspected. That's - that's Carl for you.\" \"That's not an excuse.\" He snapped. \"No, you're right.\" She swallowed back the sob in her throat \"It's not. But it's how he's lived his whole life. How they all have in my family.\" That's Carl. Typical Carl. Classic Max. You know Eleanor. Short, snappy catchphrases that excused their behaviour whatever happened, with a waved hand and a written cheque. \"I hate it. I hate it so much.\" Her voice began to crack \"I'm so sorry. It's such a worthless word, but I really am, I'm sorry for everything.\" She stared hard at the ground, having never felt so utterly helpless. She saw him step into her sightline before he pulled her into a hug. \"If this all goes wrong you gotta run, okay?\" He mumbled into her hair. \"Stay safe.\" She squeezed her eyes tight shut for a moment \"What about you?\" \"What about me, to hell with me, I'm nothing, remember?\" He stepped back and took her firmly by the shoulders \"Listen - promise me you'll run, okay? Promise me!\" She wavered slightly \"...I promise.\" He exhaled in relief and leant his forehead to hers \"Good.\" He murmured, running a thumb across her cheekbone. \"That's good. I'm sorry.\" He stepped back \"I just…I can't lose you too.\" \"You're not going to lose me.\" She promised, steadying her own hands on his shoulders. \"You're not nothing to me.\" She took a breath and felt it catch, shuddering, threatening tears. \"I have to go talk to Carl.\" She rushed away without another word, leaving him stood useless and still. Cora found her uncle looking through a large crate of Chloroform bottles, counting under his breath, ticking things off on his fingers. He looked up as she approached, but did not look surprised to see her. \"Well?\" His task forgotten, he blinked expectantly at her. \"We've got a deal. I'll do whatever you need.\" \"That's my girl!\" Carl clapped her on the shoulder with a victorious laugh that made her feel physically sick \"It's all coming together now.\" He turned back to Joliffe, who was making checks on some kind of pulley system \"Bring up the bridge.\"[Chapter 13] Chapter 16 - The Best Laid Plans Somewhere - either back on the ship or somewhere in the jungle - Cora had lost her wristwatch and thus all track of time. She was surprised therefore to see the dawn slowly creeping up on them, the inky night beginning to dissolve into a stark grey light. Nothing seemed quite real now. Their dead friends conspicuous by their absence, their whole group feeling somehow hollowed. For a short while their camp was unnaturally quiet. The natives it seemed long gone - or at least long hidden. Whatever made that terrible din in the jungle they feared it beyond all reason. Each man was at his post, checking and rechecking every element of the plan. As if it were foolproof. The word 'nothing' seemed to rattle around unnecessarily in her head and she couldn't figure out why. It seemed to carry some sort of weight, such a little word and one that was batted around so carelessly. Especially when they were kids - she and Alex, and their gang, and Eddie Parker, who'd gone and got himself shot dead just over a year ago. They'd had no concept of the word. \" You want him? Have him. He's nothing.\" And then Jimmy, moments before now. \" What about me, to hell with me, I'm nothing, remember?\" \"Everything all right?\" She jumped but it was Joliffe watching her with concern. She realised she must have been staring into space. \"I just..thought of something-\" She began quietly - and then there was a roar. \"Well it's going to have to wait.\" Joliffe said in a tight voice. \"Tell me later. I'm sure we'll have time.\" He patted her brusquely on the arm and shouldered his rifle. Cora looked around. The others were fidgeting and shifting nervously, but Carl stood firm \"It's coming.\" he declared, a note of excitement creeping into his voice. Another of Englehorn's men was ready with a machete to cleave through the supporting rope, to drop the bridge that would provide Jack and Ann access to the village. The rest were armed. Some, like Joliffe, with guns, some with nets, ropes or grappling hooks. Even Baxter, quietly relishing his role of hero of the hour had his role. Cora stepped back, as agreed, as ordered. With a clear route back to the boats if need be. There had been the general escape plan issued to all, but she also had her promise to Jimmy. To run, to save herself. She'd promised so easily - but now she wondered, as she watched the boy crouch at his allocated spot if she would be able to tear herself away as willingly. After seeing him come out of that jungle pit alive the prospect of leaving him to another fate so soon afterwards made something in her gut twist uncomfortably. An injustice. A childish sense of the unfair. I only just got you back. Then there was her latest realisation to consider. What if , oh what if...he and the boy had the same hair, the same intense, furious glowering stare - the street kid from then would be about Jimmy's age now with the time that had passed, though it seemed like a lifetime…She rubbed her forehead, suddenly exhausted. Was it really the best time to think like this, to speculate on one day that happened years ago? A day that surely even Alex had forgotten? One thought, clear as day: I can't leave you. \"Carl!\"It was Jack Driscoll's voice yelling from the other side of the wall. Unmistakably Jack's voice and so near... A familiar voice joined his - \"Please, somebody help us!\" \"Ann!\" Cora breathed, a flicker of elation sparking in her chest \"He found her, she's alive!\" Even behind the wall they could hear the cracking and rustling of trampled vegetation. Something else was on its way. Jack and Ann's panicked yells grew louder and ever more distressed and Cora felt her fists clench as Carl continued to ignore them. \" CARL!\" \"Drop the bridge!\" Preston blurted out desperately, as Carl raised a hand to silence him \"Do it now, for chrissakes!\" \"Not yet...wait.\" Cora's stomach dropped \"Carl, please. Please. \" Her eyes stung with tears threatening to spill. \"Wait!\" With no warning, Preston leaped forward with a strangled yell and snatched the machete from the startled sailor, hacking desperately at the support rope. Cora couldn't stop her short, shocked scream as the sliced rope ricocheted like a whip, slicing Preston right across the face. She clapped her hands over her mouth to silence herself despite the fact now the noise outside the wall was growing. Silence was unnecessary now. The bridge dropped with an almighty clatter and Cora found herself recoiling backwards. She looked to Englehorn who glanced back only briefly, his face ashen. \"Get down, get out of sight.\" She realised she was shaking her head at him, pleading, they could turn back now, it wasn't too late, it still wasn't too late - She grabbed a cloth from the nearest crate, ripping it in two and dashed across the rocks to Preston, whose blood was now beginning to leak through his clenched fingers \"Here.\" she said urgently, demonstrating \"Use this. Press it down hard, okay? You'll be all right, I promise. It'll be all right.\" She tried not to notice the splattering of crimson on her own hand as she took it away from the man's face. She wiped it discreetly on her sleeve and turned to see Jack and Ann climbing through a gap in the wall. Relief flooded Cora's veins \"Ann!\" She gasped, taking in her friend's ragged appearance \"You're alive, thank God…\" Ann didn't reply. She seemed to look right through the younger girl, stumbling listlessly, Jack's arm wrapped defensively around her, half protecting, half pressing her onward. Something was deeply wrong. Cora frowned \"Ann, what-\" \" NOW!\" Englehorn bellowed. With a ear splitting smash, the mass of bamboo crumbled like children's building blocks and through came - Cora wanted to scream, but no noise came from her throat. It was, quite frankly, a monster. Twenty feet, thirty feet, she couldn't say for sure. It was ape-like in appearance, but wilder than anything she'd ever seen. Coarse-haired and riddled with scars and every gigantic tooth bared in fury. Its eyes raked across them all, ignoring them until it saw Ann. It started towards them. \"Bring him down!\" She heard Carl yell. Ropes and hooks began to fly through the air, lodging into the beast, dragging it towards the floor. Something in Ann suddenly seemed to wake up. She spun round, panicked \"No!\" Jack looked furious \"Are you out of your mind?\" He cried \"Carl!\" All appearances be damned, Baxter's courage rapidly failed him at the sight of the animal bearing down on them. Cora watched as he yanked a paling Preston to his feet and herded him off down the path towards the boats. Before Cora could move, he'd grabbed her too by the back of her coat and was half dragging her along with them \"Come on kid, time to go, time to go\" he said in a strained voice. \"No!\" She twisted back, craning her neck trying to see what was going on. \"Don't be dumb, come on.\" He pushed her hard and with no choice she realised, she obeyed. Instead she took Preston's arm, supporting him as he stumbled blindly, still clutching the sodden rag to his cheek. \"This way, c'mon…\" She mumbled, as he feet seemed to carry her on automatically over the rickety bridges. The mingled yells and roars in the distance seemed to lessen, but that was no more reassuring. \"You be ready for us, okay?\" She said, attempting a smile as she dumped him somewhat ungracefully into the first boat they reached Preston nodded as Baxter jumped down beside him and prepared the oars. \"Kid, where the hell are you going?\" The actor cried as Cora scrambled back up the tunnel. \"To make sure Ann's coming.\" She lied \"It's why we came here, right?\" Baxter groaned, raising his eyes to heaven \"Don't go far, Englehorn won't hang around for you.\" \"I won't. Don't go without the others, okay?\" He sneered \"Don't tempt me.\" As she raced frantically back up the path Jack and Ann appeared, Jack's hand clamped on her arm and she struggling desperately to break free, half sobbing. \"What's happened?\" Cora demanded, stumbling to a halt. \"Cora, It's coming, get out of here!\" Jack yelled as they sped past. She ignored him and hurried back up the tunnel. There was suddenly as burst of gunfire, another mighty roar and she paused, wavering, a deeper feeling of dread flooding over her. She couldn't say why or even if she knew for sure, but something in her mind flared up at this, a warning. That had been Jimmy. She knew she was being ridiculous but somehow she felt she knew. Her heart dropped like a stone and panic began to grip her senses. \"Run, all of you! Run!\" A yell in the distance as the rest of the screw began to approach, sprinting desperately past her. \"Where's Jimmy?\" She yelled at them, but was ignored. Joliffe appeared, running madly, his arms flailing \"It's over!\" He screamed \"Go!\" \"Where's Jimmy?!\" She repeated as the Englishman sped past. \"Cora?\" Her breath caught in her throat as the boy in question emerged from around the corner, still clutching a gun, breathless, but alive. \"Thank God,\" she mumbled, wanting to cry \"Oh thank God…\" \"What are you waiting for, go!\" \"No,\" She whispered, hoarse \"Not without you.\" The boy looked torn for a moment, helpless \"For God's sake Cora!\" He snapped, eye blazing, before grabbing her by the back of her head, pulling her towards him and bringing his lips down firmly on hers. Then like that it was over, and he turned back to the path, gun raised \"Now go . Go!\" She ran. He feet slipping and her ankles turning and she didn't care now. She half fell into the wooden whaler, landing seconds before Baxter holding Ann, now blindly thrashing against them. The creature was getting nearer, she could hear its roars and pounding feet The air was a mass of mingled yells and gunshots and noise from the animal - and for a moment Cora wondered: was this where it all ended... She turned just in time to see the creature bring it's huge fist down onto the other boat and start flinging it around like a toy. It splintered against the cave wall, the inhabitants scattered about. Jack, Carl - She watched horrified as they all dropped into the water \"Jimmy!\" Maybe alerted by her yell, the beast turned to their boat and Cora was muted with terror. Again it looked at Ann - what on earth did it want with poor Ann? \"Go back...\" Ann gasped, though whether it was at them or the ape, Cora couldn't be sure. But the creature seemed to pause, as if sensing something, his eyes fixed resolutely on Ann, moving forward more and more determinedly - And like that, the spell was broken as a fierce looking harpoon sank deep into the ape's knee. With a surprised yelp, Cora jumped, having not even noticed the captain loading the weapon. Her senses deadened, she felt slow and dumb, useless to do anything but watch...the ape roared in pain, sinking crippled into the water. A movement in the corner of her eye caught her attention and she stared at the nearest formation of rock. Carl, her uncle - now only a figure in grubby brown, scrambling up the side of it. She watched, wordless. A cockroach, crawling across the lid… \" Waaait! \" One desperate drawn out yell as he reached the top, clutching with him a lone bottle of chloroform. Englehorn acted like he hadn't heard him, reloading the harpoon with a cool, methodical, emotionless care. \"No!\" Ann was begging desperately at Englehorn raised the weapon \"No, please no…\" But before any of them could move, Carl flung the bottle. It shattered against the ape's face and the gas billowed out across its twisted features. The beast seemed to retch and choke on the noxious liquid, stunned. Slowly, ever so slowly, it sank down onto all fours. It's eyelids flickered in short bursts as it desperately fought the effects of the fumes, but it was no use. It reached out almost tenderly for the boat, for Ann. After what seemed like an eternity, it's eyes closed and it slumped the last few inches onto the rocks. Silence fell as they all scarce dared to hope that it was all over. As her uncle made his way down the rocks towards the ape's giant head, Cora mused that it would have made the greatest movie shot ever. The setting sun, the motionless beast lying as if dead and Carl in a hero's stance silhouetted against the dawn sky. \"The whole world will pay to see this.\" He announced with relish \"We're millionaires, boys. I'll share it with all of you! In a few months his name will be up in lights on Broadway! 'Kong - the Eighth Wonder of the World' !\" Cora looked desperately around at them all, her pulse thudding too loud in her ears, her head spinning. Ann weeping, Carl drenched and triumphant, Englehorn looking for the first time completely lost, and Jimmy, Jimmy floating in the water like a corpse… She later recalled that she had just enough time to say \"I don't feel so good...\" before her whole world went dark.[Chapter 14] Chapter 17 - Consequences Like a wobbly radio tuning, sounds and words battered through the haze. A strange man's voice \"Eleanor Denham?...I'm here about...Maxwell...Chicago...Heart attack...nothing they could do...I'm so sorry…\" Then Sadie, wobbly and high pitched and her face not matching her words \"He's asked me to marry him Cory, isn't it wonderful...Mother will be thrilled…\" Carl, desperate running out of time \"This is going to be my masterpiece...going to change everything…\" And all the while someone calling her name, over and over, but she couldn't tell who or what, man, woman, child, friend, foe. Cora, Cora, CORA! \"What happened?\" She gasped to the darkness. \"You passed out.\" Suddenly in a rush, all was light. Cora sat up sharply to see Ann sat at the tiny vanity across the cabin. Looking around she realised she was in the older woman's room, sprawled untidily across the bunk, her shoes removed as well as Joliffe's coat. \"You were exhausted.\" Ann crossed the room and perched on the edge of the bunk \"It's a wonder you made it as far as you did.\" Cora realised she was staring, but the whole situation felt unreal. Here was Ann, safe and sound and all cleaned up, her gold hair gleaming once again, her make up flawless. A hundred miles from the bedraggled figure that had fought against the men trying to get her to safety. \"Ann?\" She whispered hoarsely, her head still spinning from the sudden movement. \"It's okay.\" But Ann was unsmiling. There was something guarded about her now, a hollowness in her eyes. \"You're safe.\" \"What did they do with - with -\" Cora couldn't find the right word for the mountain of claws and teeth they'd fled from on the island. \"His name is Kong.\" Ann said firmly \"And he's no monster. He's just old and confused.\" She sighed \"He's down in the hold. They won't let me down there. There's a guard every hour of the day…\" She rubbed her forehead tiredly \"You've had a good sleep.\" \"I have?\" \"We left almost a day ago.\" \"We did?\" Cora wiggled across the thin mattress to the porthole and was greeted once more by mile upon mile of murky ocean waves. Suddenly a thought struck her and she twisted back to Ann \"Jimmy.\" She blurted inelegantly. \"He's alive.\" Relief, blessed relief, hit Cora like a freight train and she buried her face in her hands for a good minute before she could recover herself and speak again. \"What happened to you, Ann?\" she asked weakly, her voice cracking. Ann didn't respond for a long time. Then, as if Cora hadn't spoken she announced; \"You should go and see your uncle. He'll be pleased that you're awake.\" She was dreaming, she was almost sure of it. The way she stood and walked, putting one foot in front of the other, got washed and changed, seemed so methodical and false. Mechanic, even. To be back on board the ship, to even flirt with the idea of safety… The ship was quieter now. Even with the constant thrum of the engines and something new - a quiet rumbling, coming and going like the waves, like breathing - it was quiet. She could walk a corridor, a whole corridor without passing someone. Without even hearing a yell on deck, or a snatch of song or a whistle. It was like a house in mourning, only they had to press on, they had to move. Here there would be no taking to their beds, no sleeping their sadness away. Move or perish. She knocked tentatively on the door of Carl's room. \"Come in.\" There was a marginal pause before it, but Cora decided not to think on it. As she pushed the door she saw Carl quickly turn from the window, as if he had been staring out to sea. \"So that didn't go to plan.\" He began. \"You could say that.\" Cora joked weakly. He started \"You're not mad?\" \"I think it's a little late for that.\" She sat down on the nearest rickety chair and tugged absently at a loose thread on her sleeve. \"We still on? Our deal?\" She nodded, feeling too tired to argue. \"I mean I'll have some serious explaining to do when I get back...Zelman's gonna be waiting for me, but when he gets a loada this…\" He gestured to the floor and Cora knew he meant below Kong below decks \"he's gonna change his mind. Hell! He'll be begging to work with me on this.\" He grabbed another chair and pulled it up to sit opposite his niece,excitement creeping into his tone. \"I can see it already Cora. We recreate the scene of the human sacrifice - dancers dressed as an island tribe, music, a fully live orchestra, and Ann, Ann Darrow presented to the beast!\" \"Do you think she'll really want to help you? After all of this?\" \"I'll pay her.\" Carl continued, enthusiasm still blazing. \"She can name her figure.\" He sighed happily \"The world's gonna pay to say this. They'll come from all over to see it.\" Cora nodded slowly \"Sounds like you got it all figured out.\" \"I do. We're gonna get through this, Cor. We're gonna come out of this winners.\" When she didn't reply he added \"I promise.\" \"We'll see.\" She muttered, getting to her feet. \"Did you want something?\" \"No. Just thought it'd be right to check on you.\" She paused at the door \"I'm fine, by the way. Just so you know.\" \"I heard you were okay.\" Her throat felt thick with nerves, and she'd been watching him for several seconds before summoning up the courage to speak. Jimmy spun round at the sound of her voice \"Cora!\" She smiled, suddenly feeling as if she was about to laugh or burst into tears or yell something all at once \"Hey.\" Abandoning his book on the bench, Jimmy dashed across the abandoned mess hall and swept her up into his arms, her feet leaving the floor for a moment. \"I got so worried.\" She mumbled into his shoulder as she wrapped her arms around his shoulders and held on tight \"When you were in the water, I thought-\" \"It's alright. It's alright.\" He set her down, smiling as he pushed a strand of her behind her ear. \"Don't cry.\" \"I'm not crying!\" She laughed, wiping her eyes. Taking her hand, he led her back to the bench. She asked after Kong, and Jimmy was keen to explain. \"We've been using the chloroform as a sedative. \" He explained \"We had one mess up, but we've got it figured out now. Then two men down there, rotating every four hours. I'm on next at six.\" \"We should never have bought it back.\" Cora muttered, thinking of Ann. Jimmy frowned \"Why not? The captain-\" \"Was probably working under Carl's orders. And Carl only wants it as a money making scheme.\" \"We gotta get paid, Cora.\" Jimmy replied quietly \"There's so many repairs...the cap'n can't afford it…and it killed - it killed so many of us...\" She nodded \"I guess. It just seems...seems like we're asking for trouble.\" He took her hands. \"We'll be fine. I promise.\" He ran a thumb across her knuckles and suddenly looked sheepish. \"Listen, what happened...what I did...when we were running...\" Cora shook her head. \"It's fine. We were all scared.\" \"It's just…\" He shrugged awkwardly \"I didn't think I'd get another chance.\" Heart quickening, she looked up into his eyes \"Well,\" She whispered \"you've got one.\" When he didn't pull away, she leant forward and kissed him. There would be an aftermath and consequences of everything, she knew that only too well. She knew what was waiting for her back home and what was lurking below deck, but at that moment she didn't care. And when his hands went to her waist and pulled her closer towards him she shut out every other thought in favour of the moment she realised she'd wished for for longer than she knew.[Chapter 15] NB: So it's been a while… Chapter 18 - Homeward She was stood on deck when Joliffe found her, leaning on the chipped railing and staring out at the horizon. Night was beginning to fall and the world had been painted with a cool blue wash of colour. \"You spoken to Jim?\" She turned her flushed face away, the memory of the boy's mouth on hers still spinning around her head. 'Spoken' was one way of putting it \"Yeah.\" The Englishman ambled over to the railing and rested his forearms on it, echoing the girl's stance \"How is he?\" Cora shrugged, trying to appear impassive \"He'll survive.\" \"We all survive Miss Denham,\" Joliffe stated, picking at a loose flake of paint. It detached from the metal and flittered off into the breeze like an artificial moth \"the question is whether or not we live .\" Cora watched the flake lazily hit the water before considering her response \"Very philosophical.\" She replied with a smile Joliffe did not look as cheerful \"I worry about him\" he confessed with a frown \"Hayes was the only one who knew what was going on in his head. What he was feeling.\" He looked uncomfortable \"Look, I hate to ask…\" She looked sharply at him \"What?\" Turning away from the water, Joliffe leant back on the railing, scratching awkwardly at his neck \"Well I know you two are pals, and… I just want to make sure - you ain't slumming it, are you? I mean no offence,\" he added rapidly \"It's just - you never know, and I feel terrible for askin', but I want to know and make sure he's going to be - you know - he'll be alright in a manner…\" \"I'm not slumming it.\" Cora assured him. She looked back at her clasped hands and mulled her next words over \"When I was a little girl…\" Not that story. That story could wait until she knew for sure. She changed tack \"When I was a little girl I was part of this kids gang. Nothing serious - we just roamed the streets, got into trouble, made nuisance of ourselves.\" Joliffe was chuckling now, the image of this young woman as a juvenile scrapper. \"Jimmy reminds me of what I had.\" Cora pressed on, encouraged by the laughter \"Actual friends, not just people pretending to like me because of my family's wealth.\" \"Your family's rich?\" Joliffe feigned new interest. \"Well I'll be!\" Now Cora laughed \"Now you stop that.\" Her mirth resided and she smiled at him \"I'm serious. Don't worry. I'm not planning on hurting him.\" They stood there for a moment, taking in the dusk. The chill on her arms reminded her of her loaned coat \"Where is she now?\" Cora asked \"Your sister?\" His smile became strangely fixed and hollow. \"Spanish flu got her, 1919. She was a nurse in one of the war hospitals and I suppose…\" She closed her eyes and groaned inwardly \"I'm so sorry.\" He shrugged, standing straight again \"It happened. Nearly took me too. You know, I think that was what made me indestructible.\" He chuckled dryly. \"I mean, with what we just went through? In-bloody-destructible.\" Days passed like a dream. A ritual of waking and sleeping and moving from task to task. She and Jack sat down in the too empty and too quiet mess hall and made an effort at talking. He started the story of the pit a hundred times, and every time he went pale and quiet and could not speak. His hand would twitch like it craved the feel of something inside it - a drink, a gun, who could say? There was something about it that made Cora afraid, like storm clouds that had long gathered but were waiting still to break. Cora knew well that Englehorn would not look kindly on her new intimacy with Jimmy, so discretion was the key. Kisses were stolen in the odd, in between moments of the day, around corners and hands brushing when passing in empty hallways. But every other touch or kiss was tainted somehow with the knowledge in the back of her mind, New York getting closer every moment. It started small, a nagging reminder that she couldn't quite shake. Like a residual hunger, or a headache. Liveable with, but unpleasant. And then it was suddenly unignorable, then more like someone yelling in her ear, you're going back there and there is nothing you can do to stop it. The day her father left, her mother had called her useless. It was over something small, she'd bought dirt into the house on her shoes and trailed it halfway through the living room before noticing, but Eleanor had been tense and needed some release of sorts. \"Useless girl!\" Her nails had dug into the girl's shoulder, maybe a little too hard, a little too pinching, and shook her \"Useless, useless child!\" She'd had worse things said to her since, but it was that word, 'useless' that stuck in her head. She'd been useless ever since, she realised. Useless as a child, shunning studies to run riot in the gang. She'd been useless as a young woman, sloping around the house with no further interests than novels and seeing her friends. She'd felt utterly useless on the island too - a burden to be watched at all times, slowing them down, a deadweight In her mother's eyes she was useless but for one thing only. She could marry rich. That she had been taught how to do, and taught well. The fact of the matter was overwhelming. It was Ann who found her. Sat curled up in her cabin, knees drawn to her chest, her head buried in her arms to block out the inevitable. \"I can't do it Ann,\" she gasped as Ann gently touched her shoulder \"I can't go back.\" \"You can. You must. Listen to me.\" Disregarding the grimy floor, Ann knelt in front of her and took her by the shoulders. \"You're going to be fine. Whatever's waiting there for you-\" \"My mother-\" \"You'll get through this. Somehow.\" Cora shook her head wildly \"I'll never be good enough to be her daughter. She'll have me a husband by Christmas, I promise you, and I'll hardly be able to bear looking at him, let alone touch him, and I can't do it Ann, I can't, I can't, please…\" Her words piled into a garbled mess, tripping over each other as her thoughts caught up with her tongue. \"What would you do otherwise?\" Ann asked in a hushed voice \"With no consequences in the world? What would you do?\" She wavered \"I don't know.\" She could practically taste the lie. There was something foreign in Ann's face, and it might have been disappointment \"Figure it out, Cora.\" She said firmly \"And when you know, do it.\" \"But it-\" \"It might not work out?\" Ann sighed \"That's true. I know. But you know you can already see the alternative life right there in front of you. Is it worth it?\" Cora said nothing. Ann sighed \"I need you to do something for me.\" Cora shrugged \"I'll try.\" A tight grip on her shoulder \"You've got to do better than that.\" Ann paused, biting her lip \"He's got him. Carl. He's got Kong. I don't know what he's going to do.\" Cora's heart sank and she buried her face in her hands once more \"I can't stop him now, he's already gone too far.\" \"Please try. You're the only person he'll listen to.\" When Cora still didn't reply, Ann sighed sadly, rising to her feet and walking slowly, but determinedly away. Eventually Cora picked herself off the floor, feeling sick and weak all over. She gripped at the wall of the cabin, seeking something solid, something steady, and out of the corner of her eye she spotted her own reflection, blotchy faced and red-eyed in the mirror. \"What am I gonna do.\" It was more a statement than a question, than any plea for help now. That night the rocking of the ship was more distracting than reassuring. Cora's mind buzzed at a frantic degree, scenarios playing and replaying themselves out in her head. She shifted, uncomfortable in her tiny bunk, every lump digging into her side. Her head ached and her eyes itched and eventually she flung off the thin covers with a muted snap of damn it all. The deck was quiet. It was always quiet now, but at this hour it was like a cemetery, the only sound the gentle pulse of the waves. Crossing to the railing she looked up, straining her eyes at the crowsnest, a faint mark against the black sky. A lone figure stood there, staring out, as still as a statue. She shrank into the shadows as another sailor, Parry, his name might have been, suddenly flung open the door and strode out onto the deck. \"Jim!\" Parry spoke with an unfamiliar accent, something with a defined twang that Cora couldn't quite place. \"Mr Parry?\" The familiar voice responded. \"Come down now, Skipper says I'm to take over 'till dawn.\" The men switched places and Cora sidled around the corner in time to see Jimmy jump the last few rungs, landing with a dull thud. \"Hello.\" He double-took upon seeing her there. \"What are you…\" She smiled, sheepish, tugging her cardigan further around her \"Couldn't sleep.\" \"Y'know you could get into trouble.\" It was probably meant to be a warning, but it came out feebly. \"Trouble?\" She joked \"I wouldn't know anything about that.\" The smile dropped \"Look - I honestly couldn't sleep…\" He stepped cautiously towards her \"Are you alright?\" \"I…\" She threw up her hands and pulled a face \"I just wanted to talk to you.\" They found a place towards the bow, where the sky opened up above them and sat one in front of the other. She leant back against him and tried to organise her thoughts into words. \"I was thinking about going home,\" she began \"About - about what's going to happen to you and me.\" He took a moment before replying \"So what happens next?\" \"I think...\" She took his hand and turned it gently, inspecting every mark and curve as if to memorise it. \"I want… I'd like to see you again.\" \"Do you think that's…\" She felt him shrug \"I dunno. Likely?\" She ran her thumb softly along a thick scar that seamed the palm of his hand. \"Three weeks ago I probably would have said no.\" He rested his chin into the nape of her neck \"What changed?\" The words breathed against her skin. She smiled weakly, relinquishing his hand \"I don't know. Everything. I don't think I can look at the world the same way after this. Everything on the island went against everything I was ever taught. Dinosaurs. Giant apes. Undiscovered worlds. How can you go back home after all that and act like nothing happened?\" He didn't reply, and she didn't push it. She tried to match her breathing to his, every gentle lull like a wave against the hull. \"I'm with you. If you'll have me.\" She smiled suddenly, a knee-jerk momentary reaction of delight \"Of course I'll have you. I've just got to get a little more nerve. I think I'd fight for someone like you.\" \"Well you're one of the bravest girls I ever met, so that should be alright.\" She laughed, hollow and humourless \"I don't feel particularly brave.\" He took her chin in his hand and turned her face to kiss her. \"I don't feel brave at all,\" she mumbled, gazing back out to the water. Then she saw it. Something small, a dull glow caught her eye and she flinched with a sharp intake of breath. She felt Jimmy tense \"What is it?\" \"Light. I think I see lights.\" Another jolt of alarm leapt through her. \"Is that New York?\" Jimmy looked over her shoulder, following her pointed finger. \"Yeah...\" he said faintly \"It is.\" She felt an arm wrap around her stomach and pull her back towards him \"Should be there by morning.\" Cora didn't sleep. She packed, carefully, methodically. A sense of system was distracting. She picked up things, not really registering what they were and slotted in them in wherever there was best space. Just before eight, Ann knocked on the door. \"Would you like me to do something with your hair?\" There was no further reference to their last conversation. She nodded, numb \"Please.\" She couldn't trust herself to speak after that, afraid that she'd burst into tears or be physically sick or both. Her promises, made so easily under the night's sky, rang in her ears. Falling for a ship's boy when her mother was already lining up fiances like nine-pins - that had been a real smart move. With Ann's work complete, Cora took a second to recognise herself in the mirror. Her hair back in its customary waves. She even permitted a dab of lipstick and some rouge. Pure New York girl. Not the type who went on adventures whatsoever. She swallowed hard, a lump forming at the base of her throat. Ann flicked a final strand into place and sat down opposite her \"Beautiful\" She said gently, and afterwards the two sat in silence, gripping each other's hands tightly, until they heard the call from Carl that they docked. Baxter, somehow, looked as spotless as the day he'd stepped on board. He shook Carl's hand theatrically and then sauntered off down the gangplank, casting back an amiable wave to the ship (which was largely ignored). Preston struggled after him with his numerous cases to the waiting taxi. Ann ignored them all and descended onto the dock with an air of such dignity it astounded Cora. She glanced back to see Jack watching the actress go with an expression of helplessness taking over his whole demeanor. He approached Cora next. \"Goodbye Mr Driscoll.\" She found herself saying, stiltedly. He gave her hand a courteous shake \"Take care of yourself Cora. Don't be a stranger, okay?\" It might have seen a light-hearted farewell if his gaze hadn't been repeatedly darting back to Ann's departing form. \"Give her some time.\" Cora added, softly \"Things will work out.\" Jack gave her a warm smile \"Quite the optimist, aren't you. Thanks. I'll see you.\" \"Cora, darling!\" A familiar yell made them all turn. Chilled to the bone, Cora turned to see Eleanor, stepping gracefully down from a sleek new motorcar. She was dressed head to toe in clothes Cora had never seen before, obviously new from Paris, and draped in a fox fur scarf. \"Hello Mother!\" The quake in her voice would have made her cringe if her mind had not gone entirely blank. She could have sworn she heard Englehorn somewhere behind her mutter a dark and loaded ' That's the mother?' to anyone in earshot. Biting back her pride, she looked at him \"Captain.\" She stammered, her mouth dry. Englehorn, expression as unreadable as ever, nodded back \"Miss Denham.\" Beside him Jimmy appeared. He looked from Cora, to her case, to the dock, realised she was leaving - he started towards her, and she shook her head, the tiniest, most miniscule shake. He halted - hurt and confusion etched on his face. Then he followed her flickering sideways glance to where Eleanor stood - and somehow he knew. She hadn't even said goodbye to him the previous night. She didn't want to think it was necessary. Joliffe laid a hand on Jimmy's shoulder to stop him, or steady him, she wasn't sure. \"Good day to you, Miss Denham.\" He said, with an unfamiliar formality. She swallowed again, tried to speak, tried to say 'Thank you Mr Joliffe', but nothing came out. Instead she turned and walked, trembling, down the gangplank.[Chapter 16] Englehorn summoned him less than a day into their New York repairs, and Joliffe went because, well, that's what Joliffe did. He'd been teased before for his loyalty, obedient to a fault, running after his mad bastard crew mates to the ends of the earth. The ribbing suited Arthur Joliffe fine because, well, he was the first to admit he'd no imagination. No fantasies of rebellion and power. Of course, Joliffe needed no imagination. With the things he'd seen, his own memory filled in the gaps for him. The war came for him when he was sixteen. He and his mates, they'd sit up on the Dover clifftops and watch the men sail out to France and they all lied about their birthdays and made the next shipment out. Even though they were far too young to enlist. Just kids, really. Even now if any of his pals battalion were still alive, there might be some comment about Private Joliffe sailing under German command, but that was neither here nor there. Not when you've been stuck in a shell hole for three days and for two of those a Hun soldier who can't be more than fourteen has bled out the rest of his life over your lap. Not whilst you frantically mutter the only sparse, badly-accented German you know under your breath and make soothing noises and cling onto his hand and hope, hope to god that you're giving some sort of comfort in the poor beggers final hours. And Christ - he recognises the German for 'mother' and that haunts him for years to come. He tolerated, at best, the rest of the war, seeing those who openly objected be court martialed or worse, and the day he got back to England he broke every vow he'd ever made, and left on the first ship out of Southampton. He hopped crews a few times, broke a few noses, got stranded in a port or two - And then Sarah died, a year to the day later, and it reminded him he only has one life. So if he became loyal and predictable and unimaginative, then hell, there are worse things to be. \"I'm making you my first mate.\" Englehorn didn't waste words and Joliffe had often wondered if that was a uniquely German trait. The captain was up on at the helm, leaning in the doorway and scowling out at their neighbours in the dock, arms tightly folded, closed off as ever. Surprised, Joliffe nodded, hooking his thumbs into his pockets. \"Thank you Captain.\" \"The circumstances are hardly ideal...\" Englehorn shrugged, his arms angled as he lit another cigarette \"But out of the ones left, I distrust you the least.\" Joliffe chuckled \"I'll take that. Thanks.\" \"That is, if you want to stay. Haber's already told me he's not coming back. Good riddance.\" Englehorn pulled a face, glaring towards the dock side as if it had personally done him a great offence. \"Good riddance to all of them.\" \"It's done with. Don't have to see a soul of 'em ever again.\" The fact that half of their most recent passengers had not come back to be seen again was beside the point. \"I didn't ask.\" There was a muffled clang as one of the crew dropped something metal on the deck below, followed by a faint \"sorry!\" Christ, how had Hayes ever put up with this? Joliffe held both hands up in faux surrender. \"Alright.\" The not-asking, and not-talking about it lasted about three more seconds. \"It's the girl that really irritates me. Miss Denham.\" Joliffe resisted the urge to mutter 'here we go' and remained silent. \"Living an easy life, when people are starving in the streets, and you'd think she was going to the gallows. The sighing and the stupid, pained face...\" \"With all due respect, captain,\" Joliffe said, searching his own pockets for smokes \"To her I think she was.\" Englehorn chuckled hollowly \"Since when have you been so sympathetic to the bourgeois?\" He picked up the battered box of matches from the table and in a swift, swooping motion tossed them into Joliffe's hands. \"It's a sad life, in its way.\" Clamping a cigarette between his lips, Joliffe lit it and tossed the matches back \"Look, girls like her are put under pressure from the day they're born - grow up, get married, have a kid, as soon as humanly possible and God forbid you be happy. And the woman who came to meet her! Imagine - her and Carl Denham in the same family? 'Enough to make anyone sigh.\" The short exhalation of breath was probably the closest Englehorn was likely to come to laughing right about now, so Joliffe let it slide. \"She's a good kid.\" \"Sure.\" He tried not to roll his eyes \"What's our plan?\" \"Fix up here,\" Englehorn ticked each point off on his fingers \"Get the hell out. Put some distance between us and the New York authorities before they start asking difficult questions. London Zoo wants a rhinoceros, which should be child's play after a giant ape, and I said we would do it.\" \"Terrific. Could do with some peace and quiet. London would be good for extra crew, too. Or Cork, some to think of it.\" Joliffe nodded thoughtfully \"When do we leave?\" \"If all goes to plan, three days. That's all Mr Joliffe.\" Joliffe ground the remains of his cigarette under his boot. \"Very good Cap'n.\" \"By the way…\" He called after him. Grabbing the edge of the door, Joliffe swung back into the room. \"Cap'n?\" \"Denham junior. The 'good kid' . I know about her and Jimmy.\" Joliffe blinked, feigning cluelessness \"Her and Jimmy what?\" Englehorn raised an eyebrow \"I'm not an idiot, Joliffe, and you're supposed to be the damn perceptive one around here. Ask him if you want details.\" He suppressed a smirk \"Very good Cap'n.\" He repeated, and set off to find Parry to gloat that he now technically outranked him, which was sure to go down well, or at least cause much amusement. Because, you know, there was loyalty and then there was bragging about the rewards it brought, shoving it in a friendly rival's face, and then being quick enough to duck. Nobody ever said First Mate Joliffe was perfect. NB: You know when you make a throwaway character and they somehow take on a life of their own? Yeah, that.[Chapter 17] Hey folks! It's good to be back. Where was I, I hear you ask? ONLY NEW YORK CITY! Yep, my family and I took a trip to the big apple and I got such a kick from walking down the streets that Cora would have. And of course I went up the Empire State Building - how could I not? Anyway, enough from me - here's the next chapter. \"It's lovely.\" \"Isn't it just?\" Eleanor trilled. Paris had obviously agreed with her, and they had returned to the townhouse, and Mrs Layton, with Cora's mother in good spirits and oblivious to her daughter's melancholy. They'd barely been in the house long enough to take a breath before Eleanor was presenting Cora with the spoils from her trip. Furs, fragrances, and a midnight blue evening dress that, with any luck, Eleanor might actually be pleased to see Cora out and about in. It was stunning, and Cora felt more than a little unworthy of it. Eleanor sat back on the edge of her bed and sighed contentedly \"I thought the colour was just enchanté . And the cut does the most wonderful job of disguising how thick your thighs are.\" \"Miss Cora.\" Layton's voice cut through just in time. \"Would you like me to unpack your things?\" Cora smiled gratefully through her reflection in the mirror \"That would be wonderful, thank you.\" \"So!\" Eleanor stated, as Cora slipped out of the dress and back into her day clothes. \"How was Singapore? Pray tell. Did Carl keep himself out of trouble?\" Cora froze halfway through buttoning her blouse. She had completely forgotten that Singapore was the story her mother had been spun - that they'd all been spun, that they'd all, for five seconds, believed. \"There - there was a change of plan.\" \"Indeed!\" Eleanor arched an eyebrow \"I can hardly say I'm surprised. It's quite in Carl's character to go racing off with some half-brained scheme. So where did you end up in the end - Scotland?\" She laughed loudly at her own joke. \"We did head toward Singapore.\" Cora began to improvise \"But then Carl heard news of an island - completely uninhabited, he said. He thought it would be interesting to film there.\" \"And was it?\" \"It was.\" It had certainly not been dull. \"It really was.\" Without thinking she rubbed at her previously injured wrist. It had long recovered, but the memory of the trauma remained. \"Oh, Cora! \" She jumped, but Eleanor was only glaring at her fingers. \"Your nails!\" She snatched up her daughter's hand and looked distraught at the state of it. Climbing rocks, beating through forests and learning how to shoot had not been conducive to long fingernails, and now every single one (bar, oddly, her left thumb) was chipped or torn down to almost the quick. \"Well we'll have to fix that.\" She jumped to her feet and started fussing around Cora's appearance. \"Your hair is ever so dry… and your skin! Did you sit out in the sun again?\" She gently pulled away \"I forgot. I'm sorry.\" \"Well. No matter. There's time…\" Eleanor said knowingly. \"Time for what?\" \"Nevermind.\" Eleanor picked up the evening dress and smoothed the wrinkles out of it. \"Good things come to those who wait, Cora. Good things.\" She shook off the ominous feeling \"Mama?\" \"Yes dear?\" \"May I go out tomorrow? Violet's back in town and I said I'd call.\" \"Of course darling.\" Eleanor had always liked her friend Violet, due to a mix of the girls natural grace and impeccable manners. \"Send her my regards.\" \"Alex!\" Violet could wait. As soon as it was appropriate, Cora has hurried out of the house the next morning and headed for the park. It seemed strange that she could go away and return to nothing having changed - and yet New York was very much as it always had been; as noisy and busy as ever. Alex spun round and broke into a wide grin \"Cora? Is that you? Cora!\" He hadn't changed either - perhaps a little leaner and wrapped up more against the cold, but other than that, very much the same Alex that Cora had left. He opened his arms to her and she ran straight into them. \"It's so good to see you!\" \"It's good to be back.\" She admitted. \"I mean I knew you would be fine,\" Alex continued in a blase fashion \"But, you know. You had me a little worried.\" \"Oh, just a little?\" Cora laughed Alex gave an exaggerated shrug \"Maybe more than a little.\" He cuffed her fondly on the arm \"So where you been, what happened? Singapore, right?\" Cora laughed \"Alex, you wouldn't believe me if I told you.\" \"Try me.\" He jerked his head, indicating that they should walk and together they ambled back out of the park towards the street. They walked closely, side by side, arms brushing as they went. \"I hardly know where to start,\" after watching every word with her mother, it felt good to be able to talk freely about the events of the past weeks \"how does my uncle's crazy plans, running from the cops, uncharted islands and terrifying monsters sound to you for a start?\" Alex laughed after a moment's pause. \"It sounds kind of crazy, but I'll play.\" \"What's even crazier is that it's all true.\" Cora insisted \"But there's something I wanted to talk to you about. Something else.\" She took a deep breath \"I have a job for you.\" He swept into a mock bow \"You say the word my lady, and it'll be done.\" \"No I mean a job . Employment. A bona fide, cash in hand, actual job. On a ship.\" His smiled faded and he shoved his hands into his pockets \"All the ships have been crewed up for months, Cor.\" He muttered \"You know that.\" She grabbed his arm \"Not this one. Not this time. If you gave it a chance-\" \"Listen Cor, I know you like your stories, and your movies and your tales of heroics, but I'm just an average guy trying to keep his little sister from going to bed hungry.\" He shook her hand off and started to wander off, the picture of cool detachment \"Now, haven't you got a flower arranging class or something to go to right now, because I really haven't got time for this.\" \"Damn it Alex Morgan, you listen to me right now!\" She almost stamped her foot, but he stopped anyway. He gaped at her \"Excuse me?\" In all their years of friendship, he had taken charge, made decisions, talked over everyone else. She had never talked back like this. \"Listen.\" She stalked up, glaring up into her friend's face \"I have been through literal hell the past few weeks, okay? I've seen things I could have really done without seeing and realised that, you know what, I'm not that great a human being and there are a hell of a lot of things that you don't kid about, and now I'm just trying to do something good, okay? So this is not a joke. This is not a game. I am trying to help you.\" She suddenly realised she was out of breath, like she'd been running fast. Alex stared at her \"Go on.\" Deep breath. \"Remember the docks? Our turf?\" \"Of course I do.\" Alex muttered. \"Go there. Go to the Venture . Find Captain Englehorn, and tell him that Cora Denham sent you and that…\" The anger suddenly drained from her voice and it cracked slightly \"that I'm sorry.\" Alex frowned, concerned \"Sorry for what?\" Cora rubbed her arms as if struck by a sudden chill \"He'll know. I know he will. Tell him I'm sorry, even if my no good uncle isn't.\" Alex hesitated before shaking his head slowly \"Alright, fine. But if this is a joke-\" \"It's not.\" Cora said quickly \"I promise you, it's not.\" The frown deepened \"Cora, did something-\" \"You need to go today.\" She cut in abruptly \"I don't know how long he's gonna be there.\" \"Cor-\" \"I'm fine!\" She winced, realising that she'd yelled it by mistake \"Just go now.\" \"Lad's been wandering up and down to ten minutes trying to gather his nerve.\" Joliffe cocked his head sympathetically at the conspicuous figure lurking on the dockside. \"Must be a city boy. Poor kid looks half starved.\" They'd been waiting on a delivery (which was late, as usual), so resorted to hanging around, smoking their supplies of tobacco away and judging passers-by. \"I reckon he's looking for us.\" Englehorn scoffed \"If he's looking for a hand out…\" He muttered something indistinct, shaking his head \"Get rid of him Joliffe.\" He muttered, stepping back from the railing. \"Aye skipper.\" Joliffe replied with faux-sincerity. He leant heavily on the railing and called out \"Oi! You lad!\" The boy jumped guiltily, scrambling for something to do with his hands before settling on folding his arms tight across his chest. Joliffe tired not to laugh \"Can I help you? Or are you just loiterin' with intent?\" \"No. Yes. I mean…\" The youth removed his cap, revealing a scrub of curly blond hair. \"Are you Captain Englehorn?\" Now Joliffe laughed, highly conscious of Englehorn's suppressed grunt of amusement somewhere behind him. \"Maybe I am, maybe I ain't.\" he wondered, briefly, if he should affect an accent, but then again it was rather too late, and besides the captain would never let him live it down if it turned out poor \"Who the hell are you?\" \"Alexander Morgan, sir.\" \"What do you want?\" The boy tentatively stepped forward. \"I was told there might be a job available on your ship.\" Made sense. Alexander Morgan wasn't the first one who'd come knocking looking for a job. He wouldn't be the last. \"Might be. You ever been on a ship before?\" \"No,\" The boy confessed \"but I can swim well and I learn fast. Spent half my childhood running around these docks.\" The boy insisted. \"Plus I heard you were a few fellas short.\" \"Who told you that?\" \"Ah.\" The boy nodded, remembering. \"That's what I gotta tell you. I gotta tell you that Cora Denham sent me, and that she's real sorry, even if her no good uncle isn't.\" He shrugged awkwardly. \"I figure that makes more sense to you than it does to me. I guess she knew you needed some guys.\" Cora Denham. Now that was a name that Joliffe had not anticipated. Thrown slightly, he glanced back at the captain, who was stood stock still, a questioning frown on his face. \"Skipper?\" A long pause followed, before in one decisive action, Englehorn flicked the remains of the cigarette away and stepped down the gangplank. \"You'd better learn fast, Morgan.\" He announced, \"And don't get seasick.\" He turned to Joliffe and dropped his voice \"Denham owes me.\" He didn't specify which one \"This one doesn't even begin to cover my losses.\" Alex looked from Englehorn's departing back to Joliffe and back, and then the floor and then the sky - \"Wait - sorry - what - what just happened…\" \"Sorry about him.\" The Brit offered, trotting down the gangplank \"You get used to it. That was the captain. My name's Joliffe. First mate. Did I hear right, you said Cora Denham sent you?\" Alex let his hand be firmly shaken, still a little dazed from what had just happened.\"Sure. You know her?\" One thing he knew for sure - for the first time in a long time, he had a job. Joliffe nodded \"I do, as a matter of fact. She was here with that uncle of hers couple days back. Nice kid. How do you two…\" \"We've been friends since we were kids.\" Alex explained \"She's like a little sister to me.\" Joliffe's eyes narrowed critically \"A little sister?\" \"...Yeah?\" \"You sure?\" There was a hard edge to his tone. Instinct kicked in and Alex suddenly felt alert, guarded \"Hundred percent.\" He said cooly. Joliffe nodded again and brightened substantially in a matter of seconds \"Good. Good to hear. Welcome aboard, son. Lemme show you around…\"[Chapter 18] October had officially arrived in New York, and there was a chill in the air to go with it. A biting wind picked up off the water and stole across Manhattan, swiping at exposed hands and faces. Collars were turned up against the wind, scarves wound once, twice around necks. And on an affluent Manhattan street, Cora Denham was searching through her wardrobe. The dress she'd chosen that evening was nice enough to prompt questions from her mother, so she picked a plainer coat, a simply grey button down thing with pockets deep enough to warm her hands in and quickly shrugged into it as she headed for the door. \"And where are you going?\" \"Out.\" Halfway down the stairs, Cora glanced up from buttoning her coat and realised her mother wasn't alone. \"Oh. Mr Mosely.\" She tried not to sound too repulsed at the sight of the young accountant. \"I didn't know you were here.\" Nate Mosely smiled toothily, his hair slick and over-oiled. He wore expensive suits - too expensive and rather tasteless - and shined his shoes as slick as his hair \"Miss Denham.\" He drawled \"I just couldn't stay away. It's been far too long.\" He crossed the hallway and took her hand, kissing it wetly. Cora tried not to shudder. Eleanor stood looking between them like a cat with the cream \"My daughter has been away.\" She announced. Mosely didn't look at her \"Is that so?\" He remarked, still clamped on Cora's hand. \"Singapore.\" Cora replied, extracting her hand, descending the final few stairs and rapidly losing patience \"Now if you'll excu-\" \"Quite a country.\" Mosely took half a step out, blocking her escape. \"Hardly suitable for an unaccompanied young lady.\" Cora flinched backwards \"My uncle was my chaperone. Now I really must be-\" She tried again, but Mosely seemed immovable. \"You're looking very well, Miss Denham.\" He looked her up and down slowly \"Very well. Travel clearly agrees with you.\" Cora gritted her teeth \"You're very kind, thank you, I have an appointment that I have to make - I am sorry.\" With one final shove, she managed to get past the man, and headed for the door. \"Miss Denham!\" There was a severity in his voice that made her pause, one hand on the door handle. She glanced back \"Yes Mr Mosely?\" He smiled again, too friendly, a little forced. \"Don't be a stranger now. I look forward to our next meeting.\" The smile deepened \"A lot.\" Cora looked forward to giving him a swift kick in the crotch, but with her mother present all she could do was smile weakly and mumble \"...Sure.\" before dashing out the front door. She walked quickly away, wiping her hand on her coat and wishing she could scrub it with salt. He really was a creep - and her mother seemed to adore him! Cora knew well why - Mosely was on a good salary and his father was high up in the police. He'd make a smart match if he wasn't so foul. Ducking through the crowded sidewalks, she made her way through town, anxiously glancing at her watch. Ahead, two young men, one fair haired, one darker, were stood talking in the street in the quickly falling darkness. The blond, the taller of the two, leaned lazily against the wall of the building they stood before, hands stuck firmly in his pockets, cap pulled low. The other stood away a little, arms folded, shifting from foot to foot in a concerted effort to look more comfortable in the bustling street than he probably felt. She smiled at the sight. If she hadn't known them already she'd have dismissed them as just another couple of guys hanging around and making the street look untidy. Reaching their spot, she ignored the blond and turned to the other. \"Hey.\" She breathed. Jimmy smiled. He was clean shaven, in a shirt and jacket that Cora hadn't seen on him before \"Hey.\" She glanced back at Alex, still lounging on the wall \"I wasn't expecting to see you.\" \"I'm not here to play chaperone.\" Alex drawled, grinning with amusement \"As much as your mother dear would like that, I'm just passin' through\" The smile faltered \"We leave tomorrow. Three week's voyage, captain thinks. I'm just going to pick up the last of my things.\" \"You're actually going?\" Alex shrugged \"I don't know what it was, but your name certainly opened a door.\" He paused and suddenly looked embarrassed \"You were right. I owe you.\" She smiled \"Let's call it quits. Now get out of here.\" He smirked, looking between them \"Oh sure. You two go hit the town. Does your mama know about this?\" \" Goodbye Alex.\" Cora said pointedly. \"Alright, alright, I'm going!\" He wagged a finger exaggeratedly \"You be good now!\" She glared at him \"Go!\" Cackling, Alex finally departed, sauntering down the street. \"He is impossible.\" Cora declared \"Absolutely impossible. Am I late? I'm sorry, it wasn't easy getting away…\" \"Alex said you'd have trouble.\" Jimmy jerked his head in the direction Alex had ambled away in \"He's a good guy.\" \"He's my oldest friend.\" Cora replied, the stress of the day quickly disappearing \"He really needed a job. I hoped you two'd get along.\" With a strange ache she wondered if she was right - if this wasn't the first time they'd met… \"So!\" She continued, pushing the thought away \"Where are we going?\" Jimmy took her hand and they walked off together \"It's a surprise.\" She grimaced \"Now I'm worried.\" \"So what did keep you?\" He asked, after a few minutes silence. She groaned \"My mother. As usual.\" \"She sounds…\" \"A complete pain in the neck? You don't have to tell me.\" Cora rolled her eyes. \"You look good, by the way.\" She added, touching his new sleeve. His hand self-consciously to his hair, combed back with a touch of product. \"Alex's idea. I look clean, if that's what you mean.\" He muttered. \"You look good . I mean it.\" He glanced aside at her \"Good enough to be on your arm?\" he asked, steering her down a nearby street. She smiled \" More than.\" He glanced up at the street sign \"Okay, here we are.\" Without further explanation, he hurried down a set of stone steps and towards a plain, abandoned-looking door. He rapped out a pattern of knocks and the flap slid open on the door. \"Password?\" A dark voice rasped, thick eyebrows drawing together critically. \"Grundy.\" Jimmy murmured. The flap slammed shut again, and Jimmy barely had time to say \"Parry told me about this place,\" before the door creaked open, granting just enough space to slip inside. They made their way down a narrow staircase, their eyes adjusting to the dim light, before emerging into a spacious cellar. The floor was neatly parqueted and gleamed with varnish, and nearly every inch of the open space in the middle was covered with dancing couples. The room itself glowed with warm lamp light, shadows cast on the walls. At nearly every table sat a man in the sharpest of suits, hats cast casually onto the table top. Dramatically dressed women sat with them, sipping drinks out of strangely shaped glasses. A trio of musicians were crammed into a corner, hitting out a lively jazz tune, half empty glasses balanced on top of the piano. Everyone was drinking, including an untidy looking man slumped over the bar, tumbler clasped tightly in his hand. Cora turned to him, wide-eyed \"This is a speakeasy!\" She hissed, trying not to grin as she slipped off her coat. Jimmy shrugged \"I said it was a surprise.\" \"Oh, I'm surprised.\" Cora agreed \"I'm certainly surprised.\" She looked around the room appreciatively \"I've never been to one of these before. Come on, let's get a drink. I think I need one.\" The walk back, several hours later, took a little longer due to a combination of fatigue, being just the right side of tipsy, and a complete reluctance to part ways. Cora slipped her hand into Jimmy's, interlocking fingers as they walked in companionable, comfortable silence. The sidewalk dipped and she stumbled a little, instantly attempting to cover it. \"You alright?\" \"Fine!\" She squeaked. \"Didn't have you down as lightweight.\" Jimmy commented idly. \"A lightweight!\" She dropped his hand and pretended to be scandalised \"First off - first off - first of all. How dare you.\" Jimmy was already smirking, and she tried not to giggle, her face a cracking mask of seriousness. \"I can fight you. Alex and I were in a gang. He tell you that? I was twelve and like… this tall.\" She held out a hand, palm down, demonstratively. \"You want to fight?\" He said, grinning. \"You think I can't?\" \"Okay. Okay - let's see what you've got.\" He tapped the palm of his hand and held it up like a boxing pad. \"Here?\" Grinning, Cora put her fists up and threw a punch into his hand. He nodded, mock-impressed \"Not bad. Again?\" She threw another, too hard this time, and nearly overbalanced completely with a laughing shriek that echoed off the walls of the nearest buildings. Thankfully Jimmy was laughing too \"Easy, easy! Okay, you win!\" She giggled as he steadied her by her shoulders \"It's never dull with us, is it?\" He dipped his head to kiss her and she responded with equal enthusiasm, wrapping her arms around the back of his neck. The kiss deepened as he slipped his hands inside her coat, bringing them to rest and grip tight on her waist. \"Put him down, girl!\" Someone yelled woozily from a passing cab. \"Oh my God!\" She jumped back,clapping her hands over her mouth \"It's okay…\" He gathered her back into his arm and pulled her close, warm \"It was just some joker…\" Her heart pounded uncomfortably in alarm \"I know, but…\" She sighed, tugging absently at the front of his jacket \"Next time it could be my mother. Or my stepfather, or Carl, or this awful man that Mother's trying to set me up with…\" He frowned \"Wait, what?\" She suddenly realised the implication of her words \"Not that I want to be set up! I hate him, I have absolutely no intention of being with him! Besides…\" She smiled, looking away \"I thought I was already spoken for.\" He gently took her hand and pressed a kiss to the inside of her wrist. \"I'd say you are.\" She sighed, leaning against him \"Three weeks.\" She muttered darkly. \"I hate it already.\" Suddenly he started and looked back the way they'd come. All humour suddenly vanished from his face and his entire body tensed. \"What is it?\" \"Nothing. I thought…\" He shook his head \"It's nothing.\" He said, moving her hands away suddenly \"We'd better get you home. It's not safe.\" Cora slipped inside the house, completely unable to stop herself grinning. Extracting the key from the door, she silently, slowly, pressed it shut and stood for a moment to gather her bearings. It had been such an exciting evening - for once it was so good to have something be exciting and fun, not exciting and terrifying. For a moment she glimpsed a life she wanted, the option that Ann had cautioned her to look for instead, something light and fun. But it seemed like some impossible dream, closed off on all sides. Something entirely beyond her reach. She shook her head, turned to go to bed and nearly shrieked in surprise. Mrs Layton stood in the middle of the hallway in robe and slippers, hair in curling rags and a glass of water clasped in her hand. Aghast, Cora stood frozen \"Um.\" But Layton simply held her hands aloft \"I'm not seeing anything.\" She wobbled a little, clutching at the ornately carved balustrade at the foot of the stairs \"You're the best.\" She mumbled happily. \"Nor am I hearing anything.\" Layton replied, going pink. \"Although I think you need this more than I do.\" Gratefully accepting the proffered glass, Cora nodded for a little too long, and stumbled off to bed.[Chapter 19] The next morning, Cora woke up with a wretched groan. It wasn't the residual ache in her feet from too much dancing that had done it - it was the ache in her head. A breakfast tray appeared in her line of vision and Cora shook her head feebly \"Please no.\" She mumbled. \"You need to eat.\" Mrs Layton insisted, setting the tray down on the bedside table. Cora covered her face with both hands at the sight of the food \"If I eat I'm gonna be sick.\" \"No you won't.\" Layton gave her an affectionate shove \"Eat. You'll feel better. Besides, your uncle's here.\" She emerged a little \"Carl?\" She rubbed her eyes wearily and tried to sit up and realised that was a mistake as her headache intensified. \"The same. Says you've got some manner of work to do today.\" Layton picked up a blouse from the floor and hung it over her arm as she continued to tidy. Cora groaned and flopped back into bed. \"The press.\" She had completely forgotten their deal. She suddenly realised the time - the Venture would already be gone, taking Alex and Jimmy with it. \"Yes he did say something along those lines. So get up. Eat. Get dressed. He's talking to your mother.\" \"Mother and Carl? There'll be blood within the hour.\" Flinging back the covers, Cora reluctantly rolled from the bed \"Fine, I'm up. See? I'm up… oh, I need to sit down.\" \"Ready to get to work?\" Carl greeted her, setting down his cup as Cora hurried downstairs. His hair shone with product, and everything about him seemed buoyant. His suit was brand new and fitted like a glove. It looked as if Kong's advance ticket sales were on the up. She grimaced, pulling on her best coat and hat \"As I'll ever be. Let's get it over with.\" \"You look more than passable.\" Eleanor announced, adjusting her daughter's collar \"I'm almost proud.\" She glowered at Carl \"Don't be late back.\" She added, before sweeping out of the room. \"Enchanting.\" Carl remarked \"Your mother is truly an enchanting woman.\" He offered his niece an arm \"Shall we?\" Begrudgingly she took it and together they walked to the car waiting outside. \"The Plaza.\" Carl instructed the driver as the door slammed shut. \"The Plaza?\" Cora raised her eyebrows. \"Only the best.\" Carl replied as the cab pulled away. \"Now you need to do exactly as I tell you.\" Cora grunted \"You're the boss.\" Retrieving a compact from her handbag she inspected her face for any lingering evidence of her hangover. A little make up had concealed the worst, but she still felt tired. She dabbed on some lipstick and grimaced. She was no Maureen McKenzie, but it was an attempt. \"Smile.\" Carl declared, waving a hand like a conductor \"Smile a lot. Be charming. Say things that make me and Bruce look good. And act…I dunno, a little more…\" \"A little more what?\" She asked, shutting the compact with a loud snap \"A little more…\" She clapped a hand to the base of her throat and gasped theatrically, reeling off a series of melodramatic expressions. \"Like that?\" Carl shrugged \"Sure, that works. Oh and don't mention the crew. Or Jack.\" \"Why not?\" She asked, frowning. Carl shook his head \"Doesn't look good. Nobody cares. People want to hear all about Bruce Baxter and rising star Ann Darrow.\" \"Is Ann there today?\" \"Don't be ridiculous.\" Carl muttered \"We're here.\" Cora looked out the window at the impressive facade of The Plaza as the doorman hurried forward to get the door. She'd walked past here dozens of times, and been in too - yet it had never seemed so imposing until today. Smile, she told herself and quickly fixed a pleasant expression to her face. Ahead, Preston stood waiting at the door, looking somber. Cora flashed him a quick, genuine smile and he returned it with a quick nod, hustling them inside. She tried not to stare at the collection of stitches still holding his cheek together. \"You didn't tell me he'd be here.\" Cora snarled at Carl out of the corner of her mouth as none other than Bruce Baxter came striding across the foyer, arms open in a welcoming pose. \"Carl Denham!\" Bruce declared warmly, \"Good to see ya!\" Carl shook his hand \"Thanks for doing this Bruce.\" \"Anytime!\" The actor drawled \"Anytime. And Cora! Well, well, the gang's all here.\" Bruce was also dressed to the nines, complete with cravat, hat tucked artfully under one arm. \"I should have known you'd be here, Bruce.\" Cora remarked. Bruce cocked his head, confused. \"Any chance of publicity. Any opportunity to act the hero.\" \"Now, now!\" Carl said with a forced laugh \"We're all friends here, right?\" \"Mr Denham?\" One of the hotel staff interrupted them with the expert discretionary timing that came from years in the business. \"If you and your guests would like to follow me to the Palm Court, the gentlemen of the press are ready to begin.\" \"The Palm Court!\" Cora muttered in reverence as she handed her coat to another hotel worker. Bruce paced ahead, attempting to make lively conversation with an impassive Preston. \"You got that right.\" Carl replied smugly. \"We're a long way from Cafe Paolo, aren't we Uncle?\" She said in so quietly she wondered if he'd missed it, until he froze, lingering mere inches from the door of the Palm Court. There was an odd expression on his face. Cora wondered if it was the closest thing he'd ever get to regret. He straightened up and looked her in the eyes \"You're right.\" he agreed \"We are.\" He suddenly took her by the arms \"It's going to be different, Cora. Everything is. Things are going to change, and they're going to change for the better. This is my masterpiece, my master plan - and you're a part of it. We can get what we want. We can come out of this okay. All of us.\" He grip tightened a little \"We're gonna be fine.\" He insisted \"But I need a girl for this, it needs a guy and a girl to make a good story. I need you to help me, then I can help you and we'll be okay. Do this? For us?\" After a pause, Cora nodded \"Okay. If you say so.\" Carl grinned, business-like once more. \"Perfect. Alright. Everyone here? Everyone ready?\" He brushed some imaginary dust from Cora's shoulder. \"Alright then. Let's do this!\" \"Miss Denham!\" \"Miss Denham!\" \"Question for Miss Denham!\" This was chaos. She'd been introduced with quite the fanfare, Carl making a big deal of Miss Cora Denham, of New York City (as well of Hollywood star Bruce Baxter, of course. He'd known just what to do, granting the multiple photographers present a smile and a wave). One of the true Skull Island adventurers - that's what Carl had said. And they all wanted a quote from the young lady in the pretty dress. The three of them - Cora, Bruce and Carl - were sat in a row of comfortable chairs, the press all crammed together on smaller dining chairs that had been put in rows for the occasion. The elegant surroundings of the Palm Court made for the perfect backdrop. It was like being in a play, but with the most oddly assembled cast. Bruce was sat casually, one leg crossed over the other, relaxed, cool. Cora envied him, feeling incredibly vulnerable suddenly the centre of attention. \"Gentlemen please, one at a time!\" Carl was loving it. Master of ceremonies, he knew just what to say to whip the reporters into a frenzy \"Let's see - uh, you.\" Carl jabbed a finger towards one reporter. A slight little man hopped to his feet \"Miss Denham!\" He began, his accent clipped British \"Cecil Hutchings of The Times. Do tell us - weren't you scared?\" \"I was terrified!\" She trilled, clasping a hand to her heart and feeling Carl's eyes boring into the side of her head \"But I knew that my uncle would never let any harm come to me. And with Mr Baxter there too?\" She paused and she and Bruce exchanged sickening smiles \"I needn't have been worried at all!\" Untruths followed lies, or real events heavily edited as Cora tried hard to play the wide-eyed ingenue. She'd always accompanied Carl on shoots, as a treat, ever the doting uncle. She'd been quite insistent on joining this one, despite the warnings, she added with a false laugh. It was always quite the eye-opener to see the world, and this trip was no different - she had no idea they'd discover something as remarkable as Kong! And yes, of course she was looking forward to the performance - it was the hottest ticket in town, and she lived for such things. Truly she did. \"Mr Baxter, will you be appearing live with the beast?\" One fellow yelled from the back. \"Yes Mr Baxter, can we expect to see you making your Broadway debut this winter?!\" \"Now fellas, fellas!\" Bruce drawled, holding up his hands in surrender \"I can't go making any promises!\" Miss Cora Denham of New York City smiled and smiled and smiled, until her face ached. At the back of the room she met Preston's eye. She couldn't pinpoint why, but despite everything she suddenly felt stunned. Like she'd stepped out and met only thin air. \"Look at yourself. Look at what you've become.\" The set was only half dressed with props, but the basics were there, and enough to fill in the gaps of the imagination. An empty bowl stood on a proud wooden sideboard along the far wall of a hotel lobby, bright and quaint. A young man with a bunched up playscript shoved in his pocket made a loud noise of disgust. \"No woman is worth this!\" he declared, gesturing to his friend. The fellow in question was currently stood in the middle of the lobby, hands placed dramatically on hips and a voluminous rehearsal skirt falling into pleats around his knees, the bottoms of his slacks showing underneath. \"This woman is worth it. I've gotta win her back Drew, I don't care what it takes.\" Drew sneered \"She's not gonna buy it for a second !\" The other man threw up his hands in resignation, tilting his hips so the skirt swished dramatically \"Shuddup and hand me the grapefruit!\" The actor playing Drew wavered \"Will there be a grapefruit?\" He asked out front, squinting against the stage lights. \"There will definitely be a grapefruit.\" A bored looking stagehand called from the prompt corner. Drew nodded, miming a reach to the bowl \"I hand him the grapefruit.\" \"I accept the grapefruit.\" The other actor responded drolly \"I stuff the grapefruit down my brassiere.\" It might have been the deadpan way the actor announced it, but Cora couldn't help but let out a snort of laughter. The last few weeks had been relentless. Interviews and photo opportunities at least every other day were scheduled around visits to the theater for more posing next to half-built scenery and staged candids of them observing rehearsals. A jaded and irritable Broadway choreographer had been bought in to put together a tribal dance - the ritual of the human sacrifice! Carl had announced with relish. And then there was the day he'd dragged her to The Alhambra Theater to witness the unveiling of the signage. Carl had been delighted, like a little kid on Christmas morning, pacing and admiring the words from every angle. Just reading them on the other hand made Cora feel a little sick. King Kong! Carl Denham's giant monster. See Ann Darrow offered to \"the beast\"! \"I thought…\" She'd begun, but been brushed off with a shush and another annoying hand wave. With opening night on the horizon, she had clearly reached the end of her usefulness. At least here in the small studio theater she didn't feel quite so lost. \"Hey now!\" Cora glanced up guiltily to see Jack Driscoll walking towards her. She smiled broadly, one of the first genuine smiles in days \"Hey.\" \"Don't go ruining the ending for yourself.\" He added with a grin. She chuckled \"Wouldn't dream of it.\" Jack climbed the steps and sat in the empty seat beside her. The little auditorium was empty, bar them and a harassed looking stage manager, scribbling notes, one spare pencil tucked behind his ear and another clamped between his teeth \"You're still coming then?\" He said, with humour. \"Of course.\" She looked at him. \"I wouldn't miss it for the world.\" Jack nodded thoughtfully. \"I see. I just heard there was a scheduling conflict.\" \"A scheduling...\" She trailed off and frowned. \"If you're talking about Carl's circus, I've told him that I'm not going.\" Carl had somehow managed to schedule his unveiling of the monster, now officially dubbed 'King Kong', for the same evening as the opening night of Cry Havoc! , Jack's newest play. \"I have a previous engagement.\" \"I thought you two had some agreement. I saw the newspaper...\" \"Promotional purposes only.\" She said grimly \"He knows I'm no actress so I will not be appearing in the production.\" \"You're a better actress than you think.\" Her breath caught \"What do you mean?\" She knew damn well what he meant. Jack tapped a short rhythm awkwardly on his knee \"Nothing. I'm sure you know what you're doing.\" She paused \"Have you heard from…\" \"No.\" Quick, sharp. She winced \"I'm sorry. Back on the ship, I should never have said…\" \"You were being kind.\" Jack cut in, still staring at the stage \"I appreciate it.\" \"I'm sorry, Jack.\" Cora looked back towards the stage as a pretty blonde hurried on for her cue \"It's for her, isn't it?\" \"I thought it might… I don't know what I thought.\" He shrugged and seemed to shake it off, finally looking back at her \"But I'm glad you're coming. I really am. You'll have to give me an honest critique.\" Cora gestured widely, miming a banner \"Five stars - a laugh riot.\" Jack laughed quietly \"It's a hit!\" He joked. \"I have to go.\" She said, gathering up her coat and handbag. \"I'm meeting some school friends. Busy busy!\" She stood and gave him one last smile, indicating the stage \"I can't wait to see how it ends.\" Jack raised a hand in farewell. \"You know? Neither can I.\"[Chapter 20] \"Mr Denham is accompanied by his niece, Miss Cora Rose Denham, eighteen, of New York City.\" Violet Richmond read aloud in a plummy, radio announcer's voice \"Miss Denham is the daughter of Mrs Eleanor Farwell and the late Maxwell Denham, yadda yadda… she is an attractive girl, spirited and courageous, as can be proved by tales of the family's sensational adventures on…\" She dropped the paper and pulled an exaggeratedly grim face \"Skull Island!\" \"It's practically Shakespeare.\" Alice drawled sarcastically, picking up the publication from where Violet had abandoned it. The three friends had rendezvoused at Violet's house, the girl having seen Cora in the newspaper and demanding an explanation. Violet was holding court, as usual, and the trio had retreated, as they so often had during their school days, to her room to catch up. \"It's a complete joke. They go 'but weren't you scared? ' and I go,\" From her seat on the bed, Cora flung a hand to her chest, making her voice high and breathy \"'I was terrified! Oh! ' And he's paying me for this, can you believe?!\" Violet surveyed her critically \"What do you need money for?\" \"Getting out.\" Cora declared \"I'm finally getting away from my mother.\" \"What!\" Alice shrieked. \"Does she know this?\" Cora flung a cushion in her direction \"No, and if you want to keep all your teeth, you won't tell her.\" \"Where will you go?\" Violet demanded \"California? To Sadie?\" \"To Hollywood.\" Alice guessed \"With those dramatics, she's made for the movies!\" Cora rolled off the bed and stood up \"I don't know.\" She said, absently sticking her hands on her hips \"Somewhere. Anywhere.\" She bit her lip and smiled. \"Can you two keep a secret?\" \"Of course.\" Violet replied, looking affronted at the very notion that she couldn't. \"Tell, tell, tell. Come on. I hate mysteries.\" \"…I think I'm in love. Shh!\" She hushed them quickly as Violet let out an excited squeal. \"Is he unsuitable?\" She demanded, scrambling to her feet \"I MUST KNOW. Alice has found herself a clerk, you know! Hugh. He's from Ohio, of all places. He's poor as a church mouse. Top that!\" \"His name's Jimmy.\" She felt the smile cross her face even as she simply said his name \"He's a sailor.\" Violet threw her hands up \"Alright! You win! We are so very unworthy.\" \"Your most unsuitable boy!\" Alice cried \"I never would have imagined.\" \"Your mother is going to go crazy. \" \"Where on earth did you meet him?\" Cora picked up the newspaper \"This crazy trip. It's a long story.\" She folded the paper absently \"A really, really long story…\" \"Is that where you're going to go?\" Violet asked \"When you leave?\" Cora glanced up \"With Jimmy?\" Violet suddenly looked serious\"Yeah.\" \"I don't know. I never…\" She'd never even entertained the notion. Running away him… it felt a little more jarring that she anticipated, and she suddenly felt itchy with embarrassment \"What's the time?\" \"Half four, I think? Why?\" \"Oh no, I'm late!\" She jumped, flinging down the newspaper and started searching for her shoes. \"Late?\" Alice squawked, disturbed by the sudden commotion \"Late for what?\" Retrieving an errant shoe, Cora turned, breathless. \"My most unsuitable boy.\" She said \"He gets back this afternoon.\" \"You just missed him.\" If Cora hadn't known better, she might have thought that Alex Morgan had spent his whole life on a ship. He was waiting, perched on the railing, cigarette hanging out the side of his mouth and surveying the dockside like it was his personal mini-kingdom. His face was wind-burnt and there was a thick white bandage wrapped around one hand, but otherwise he looked in good spirits. Far below, Cora skidded to a halt and groaned \"You're kidding!\" Her cab had gotten caught in seemingly every scrap of traffic since leaving Violet's, and her lung ached from running the last stretch. Alex shook his head, stubbing out the end of the cigarette \"Nope. Cap'n sent him on some errand. He got all het up thinkin' he was gonna miss you so asked me to stay and tell you.\" He gestured to the gangplank \"Come on up!\" Cora resignedly trudged up to the deck \"I can't believe it. I've been waiting all this time, and the one day...\" \"It's no big deal. Listen, stay here. I got lots of news.\" Clapping a hand to her shoulder, he directed her inside, towards the mess. It was empty, eerily empty. \"Tea?\" \"Yes.\" She replied decisively, glancing around. She stayed on her feet, feeling out of place and out of sorts \"Alex, I'm sorry, today was a busy day…\" \"Hey hey. I know. You're in demand.\" He grabbed a roll of paper from where it had been left on the table and unfurled it to display the contents. Cora groaned again to see a large image of herself and Carl and a good half a page worth of words. The headline read Adventuring Family bring Beast to Broadway! \"You made the daily paper.\" He announced,pretending to consult it \"Lookin' real pretty there Miss Cora Rose Denham, eighteen, of New York City.\" \"Shut it.\" She quipped, taking it from his hands and setting it face down back on the table top. \"The captain ain't happy.\" Alex raised his voice as he ducked into the vacant galley. \"Thinks you're courting publicity.\" He looked up quizzically and she sat carefully down on the bench, wiggling out of her coat \"Why are you doing this, by the way?\" \"I've got a deal, Alex. I got a way out. I do this one thing and I get a cut of all his profits. And I'm outta here.\" She paused \"Out of my mother's house at least.\" \"One thing.\" he replied pointedly. \"Okay, maybe… a few things. But I'm done. All done. I have one more interview the day after the show and I am done. I swear.\" \"You going?\" He set the chipped enamel mug down in front of her. \"To the show, I mean.\" She cradled it tentatively in both hands \"No. I don't want to.\" \"And these… profits.\" He quirked an eyebrow at her \"What are you going to do with those, might I ask?\" She took a sip and shrugged \"I don't know. Leave. Go somewhere where I'm not… I don't know, expected to do anything, I guess. I think I might be a writer. I could do that.\" \"Like that Driscoll guy?\" She smiled \"I don't know! Maybe. I think I want to write stories.\" \"About young ladies going on crazy adventures.\" She nodded fondly \"Maybe.\" Her gaze fell back to the newspaper and she sighed, something ugly and heavy weighing on the back of her mind \"Will you explain? To the captain?\" Alex grimaced \"I can try Cor, but I'm the new boy. He might not listen to me.\" Her heart sank \"Right.\" The two friends sat in silence for a moment. \"He has nightmares, you know. Jim.\" Alex said quietly. Cora froze. \"Still?\" Alex pulled an exaggeratedly prim face, knowingly. \"You knew?\" Cora looked at him and for once her childhood friend knew she wouldn't rise to his teasing. \"Yeah. I knew. It took us over a week to get back, Al. The nights I knew he hadn't slept were the ones I didn't hear him screaming.\" Alex's smile faded. \"Cor...\" he tried again, \"I can't help the both of you if you don't tell me what happened...\" He was stunned to see how coldly she looked at him. \"What happened,\" She said in an icy tone that he'd not heard her use before \"Is that I sat on a beach for twenty four hours and learnt how to shoot a gun. The men who came outta that pit won't tell me what happened. Jack Driscoll tried, believe me. The voyage back we sat down and he tried . He couldn't.\" Alex rubbed the back of his neck awkwardly \"I'm tryin' here.\" He said \"I'm tryin'.\" She frowned \"I know.\" \"Is he good to you Cor?\" \"He's the best thing that's happened to me since… since...\" \"Since me?\" Alex joked. Now she laughed, to his relief. \"I guess so.\" Another pause. \"Alex.\" Alex picked at a mark on the table \"Yeah Cor?\" \"How long have you known he's the boy we saved at the docks when we were young?\" The picking stopped. A strained silence settled before Alex bought a hand to his forehead. Please say something. \"Sounds like not as long as you have.\" He replied, rubbing at his temples. He heaved himself to his feet and paced the room \"When did you work it out?\" Cora watched him move \"I'm not completely sure. I knew before I came home though. At least I think I did.\" Alex stopped, hands on hips \"Does he know?\" \"That I know, or that he's the kid?\" She asked. \"I don't know. Both, I guess.\" Alex exhaled slowly \"Cora, you gotta tell him. At least so you know for sure it's the same kid.\" Cora shook her head vehemently \"No way. Why me? You were there too. You tell him.\" Alex shrugged \"You're the one he's madly in love with.\" She glared at him \"Don't say that.\" \"Why? Why not, when you're obviously crazy about him too...\" She flung her hands up, almost in defence \"Don't!\" Alex stared in amazement. \"What's happened to you? Three weeks. You've changed - I'm not sure I like it.\" She shook her head \"I have to go.\" \"You're not gonna wait?\" White hot panic suddenly jolted in her stomach \"I can't. I don't have time.\" He scowled \"You've changed your tune.\" He snapped. \"I'm a woman,\" She muttered, struggling back into her coat, her fingers fumbling with the buttons \"I'm allowed to.\" \"Oooh, where have I heard that before? Oh yeah - your mother.\" \"Shut your mouth!\" \"You love him, then you don't, then you're running away with him, then you're playing your mama's society darling in the damn paper like a little painted puppet.\" He grabbed her forearm as she turned to leave \"Make up your damn mind Cor. Else you're gonna end up with nothing.\" She wrenched her arm out of his grasp \"Because you know full well about ending up with nothing.\" She snapped, her voice cracking. He blinked, stunned. \"Cora…\" A sob rose in her throat \"I have to leave.\" She pulled away and hurried blindly to the door. Joliffe was walking down the hall towards her, face brightened in a smile \"Well if it isn't Miss Denham!\" He greeted her cheerily, but she shoved past him and ran on. \"I'm sorry,\" She heard herself blurt out \"I have to go…\" Behind her she heard Joliffe, bewildered, call to Alex - \"What was that about? What did you say?\" She ran. She ran from the ship, the docks, down once familiar streets, letting her own feet and muscle memory direct her as she scrubbed away the few traitorous tears that had appeared with the palms of her hands. It was all too much, too soon, too fast and too serious, and things had been so much easier when there had been some distance between her and New York, the world she knew. A world with her mother's expectations and Nate Mosely. A world with consequences. She finally stopped down a side street. Looking down at her hands she cursed quietly, seeing them covered in smudged eye makeup. So what to do? Stay? Marry well, give up any chance of adventure? Or leave? Leave and walk into the unknown, a life she couldn't even begin to imagine. A pile of yesterday's newspapers lay nearby, slowly soaking up an icy puddle. She groaned loudly, noting an exposed photograph… She kicked at the sodden pages, recognising her own, stupid smirking face. Enough. Look at yourself. Look at what you've become. When she'd finally dried her eyes, she took a deep breath, smoothed her hair back and began to head home. The early evening darkness was drawing in, and Cora Denham had no idea what she was walking towards.[Chapter 21] \"I'm home.\" She called out to no one in particular as the front door clicked shut behind her. She paused at the mirror hanging in the hallway and wiped away the smudges under her eyes. \"Cora.\" She hesitated \"Yes Mother?\" She turned, the voice coming from the living room. With one final dab at her eyes, she went to the door. \"Come here a moment.\" Her mother's tone was measured. Too measured. She was sat on the couch like it was made of concrete, back straight, hands carefully, too carefully, folded. \"What is it?\" She entered the room and sat down carefully, her mind racing with whatever could be the issue. \"I had a visitor today. Whilst you were out.\" She sniffed and looked sharply at her daughter \"A young man. A sailor. He was looking for you.\" She pursed her lips, pausing for effect. \"Now Cora, I'm going to give you one opportunity to explain yourself and be honest.\" She could not recall feeling fear like this since they left the island, since she'd seen Kong for the first time, since they'd had to run for their lives. Like the ground had suddenly fallen away and left her hanging, winded, in mid-air. And now there was no escape. Freezing cold fear flooded her veins and she dreaded her mother's next words. \"I saw him. Loitering outside like some kind of thug. Just looking for trouble. So I opened the door and when he saw me he made to run. A guilty conscience, no doubt. But I told him to stop. Asked who he was looking for. He was looking for you.\" \"His name is Jimmy.\" Cora's voice shook \"He's a good man-\" Eleanor raised a hand to silence her \"I don't want to hear excuses. I don't need to hear them. We had a little talk, this boy and I.\" Her heart quickened, panicked. \"What did you say to him?\" Her voice nearly gave out in nerves. \"I told him the truth.\" Her mother replied, smoothing her skirt. \"I told him that a young lady like you would never truly love a boy like him.\" \"What!\" Cora cried. \"I told him\" Eleanor pressed on \"That he was just a fancy to you, a novelty to pass the time. I told him that you and your friends laughed about him when he was gone, and that you had no intention of staying with him.\" \"How could you!\" Cora jumped to her feet, Eleanor following suit. \"You told him a pack of lies!\" Eleanor grabbed Cora's wrist suddenly and spoke fast and quiet, her grip vice-like \"Now you listen to me. Everything I have done for you, everything I have planned, it has been for your own good. In this city, in this world, the only person you can ever depend on is yourself. We must do what we must do to survive. Now I loved your father. I loved him dearly and I gave him two daughters and a home he could be proud of. In return he provided us with the means to keep on living and you would be out on the street right now. We would not have had these means if I had married for love, because believe me; I had to learn to love him, as much as you will have to learn the right man.\" \"I love Jimmy, Mother,\" she yanked her arm awkwardly from Eleanor's grip \"I don't have to learn that. He's the right man for me, he loves me, and you just don't seem to understand that.\" \"Love.\" She tutted \"You don't know the half of love. Make your choice Cora. The boy or your family. You can't have both, I won't let you.\" Cora flushed, scowling \"If Daddy were here -\" A sudden, stinging slap caught Cora's cheek. \"But he's not!\" Clutching her face, Cora gaped silently at her mother, who was now seething with hushed rage. This was new. Usually her mother was given to dramatic hysterics, but this calculated, controlled anger was truly frightening. Flexing her stinging hand, Eleanor continued \"These are very dangerous times, Cora. A man is lucky to have a job. Do you know how easy it would be for a man to lose everything?\" She finished meaningfully. Cora shook her head \"You wouldn't – you can't! Captain Englehorn would never -\" \"The captain may not.\" Eleanor continued, threateningly. \"But if dear Mr Mosely, you remember his son Nate, don't you?\" She nodded at the recognition \"Yes, I think you do. Anyway, if dear, dear Mr Mosely of the New York City police department got involved… well. The consequences are simply unthinkable. Not just for that wretched boy… but the good captain too.\" Cora had paled. \"Mother please... I'll do anything...\" \"Choose your family, Cora.\" Eleanor continued, looking calm but her voice trembling a little. \"Come to Carl's show on Friday and I will forget to call James Mosely. You cut off all contact with that boy. Although,\" She smiled, small and catlike. \"After the look on his face when I said what I said to him, that will not be a challenge. I broke his foolish little heart and I may have broken him in the process.\" She frowned again at her daughter's devastated face. \"The door is right there. You can go to him. I won't stop you. But if you leave now, you can't come back. And you can't stop me making calls. But whatever happens Cora, you will make a choice and make it soon.\" \"Please…\" Cora throat tightened. \"Mother, you can't…\" \"I can.\" She looked away and sighed \"After everything I've done for you.\" She declared \"I have never been more disappointed in you.\" With her final line, she swept out of the room. A perfect exit. Jack would be envious. Cora remained standing in the living room, utterly numb, her thoughts completely halted in their tracks. Her indecision, her attempts to do everything and get away with it had finally caught up with her. She'd lost Jimmy, and after what she'd said, probably lost Alex too. She'd lost her chance to get out of Carl's show, lost any chance of freedom, of choice. Every time the realisation rolled back around to the fact that she'd lost Jimmy forever. Mrs Layton had been loitering outside the door. \"Keep an eye on her.\" Eleanor ordered, her voice as hard as steel. \"If she leaves this house I want to know immediately.\"[Chapter 22] When Jimmy had returned, solemn and silent, it was clear that something had happened. Alex, oblivious to his dark mood, had jogged up to him, asked if Cora was well, had she mentioned him, their argument? He was stunned therefore when Jimmy had shoved him roughly away, growled \"Guess you think it's funny, don't you?\" And walked away without another word. \"I knew that girl was trouble.\" Englehorn had pulled rank and gotten the full story out of him. In the absence of the girl in question, the closest thing to her (in this case, Alex) was getting the full brunt of his anger. \"Courting the press. Playing with his emotions, stringing him along like that until something better came along. I don't give a damn if you're friends, that little…\" Englehorn muttered something in German, and even with his lack of language skills, Alex knew that it was not at all complimentary. Behind him Joliffe rolled his eyes skywards. Jimmy was notably absent. \"He was a mess when Hayes died, and I thought, I stupidly thought she'd be good for him, someone to talk to, to actually trust. The idiot I was. You know he's not talking again? She was the only person who could get him to speak that last time, and now look! Well? Are you just going to stand there like a post, or are you going to say something?\" \"I don't know what you want me to say.\" And then, after a glare \" Captain. \" Englehorn narrowed his eyes \"I want an explanation.\" \"And I can't give you one!\" Alex retorted \"Honestly, I'm as confused as you are. She seemed off when I spoke to her, but I never imagined it would be over something like this. She never even suggested that she wasn't serious about him. She said he was one of the best things that ever happened to her.\" \"I don't care what she said,\" Engelhorn muttered, turning back to the window of the wheelhouse. He glared towards the horizon \"Words are easy.\" \"Okay, but I know her - she doesn't say stuff like that lightly With all due respect Captain, that doesn't sound like the Cora Denham I know. Something's off here.\" \"Do you swear?\" Alex's jaw clenched \"On my life.\" Englehorn's fist flinched for a second, as if he swiftly rethought slamming it down onto the nearest solid thing \"For Christ's sake Morgan,\" he snarled \"on something I'll actually believe.\" After a moment, Alex nodded \"Fine. On her life.\" For a moment the two glared at each other in silence, Joliffe's gaze flickering between the two from his spot at the side. Suddenly a faint yell from the deck of \"Captain!\" - it was Parry, Joliffe instantly recognised the accent - broke the tension, and without another word, Englehorn was gone. \"Woo…\" Joliffe huffed in exaggerated relief \"Well Alex my lad, for a boy who was so bloody desperate for a job, you're awfully keen on losing it quick.\" Alex flushed in annoyed embarrassment \"I couldn't let him talk about her that way.\" \"No, no, you're right. You couldn't. I'd have said the same if it was my best mate. As a matter of fact I believe you. Something's amiss here.\" He clapped a hand on Alex's shoulder \"Look, don't worry about him. If he says anything about getting rid of you I'll back you up. He owes me, anyway.\" He paused, frowning in confusion \"Al, if there's anything I need to know-\" \"I don't know what else to do.\" Alex interjected, leaning heavily on the window ledge. \"No.\" Joliffe agreed, uncharacteristically ashen \"It's a tricky one.\" \"I went round.\" Alex confessed \"The next day I went to the house. She didn't even come to the door, the housekeeper sent me packing, Cora never …\" He trailed off before glancing sharply at Joliffe \"You think this stinks, right?\" he added \"Cora's a hothead, but she's not cruel. Something doesn't fit…\" Joliffe stared back \"Your little spat. The day she ran out of here. What did you say to her?\" Alex looked at the floor \"I poked my nose in where it had no business to be.\" Arms folded resolutely, Joliffe nodded encouragingly \"Go on.\" He threw his hands up \"I told her to make a decision. I was worried that all the fame was going to her head.\" He shook his head slowly \"I think I was wrong. Something was bothering her, but it wasn't that. I guess I was trying to shock her into making the right choices. It's worked before.\" \"The right choices for her aren't always the same choices for you.\" Joliffe replied quietly. The boy looked offended, then laughed weakly \"I guess. I've just been used to telling her what to do for so long. We were allies. I thought I knew what was going on inside her head.\" \"If you can ever,\" Joliffe remarked \"Manage to work out what's going on in a woman's head, then sell your secret and you'll be a millionaire, my son.\" \"There's something else, but…\" Alex sighed \"I don't think it's my place to say.\" Joliffe stepped forward, curious \"What about?\" \"Cora. And Jimmy.\" Joliffe exhaled slowly \"Alex, mate, you know I hate pulling rank, but if it's going to help…\" After a long pause, Alex spoke \"When Cora and I were kids we used to run around these docks like we owned the place. I guess in our minds, we did. One day we ran into some kids who we didn't like beating up some runaway. We fought them off and the boy made a break for it. We never saw him again. Until…\" He looked up \"That kid was Jimmy. I know. Cora knows. I dunno if Jim knows. But Cora can hold a grudge till the day she dies. She wouldn't forget something like that.\" Joliffe shrugged \"Then we need the truth.\" \"But how?\" \"Well, first we need to get Jim talking again. That'd be a good start. He needs time…\" \"We don't have that.\" Alex nodded grimly \"Leave it to me.\" \"Are you sure?\" \"No.\" He admitted \"But what else can I do?\" Later that day, on a pretence that Joliffe was losing horrendously, and Alex was cheating, they'd manage to corral Jimmy into their game of cards. When yet another joke fell flat on the silent boy, Joliffe opted for the direct approach \"You alright mate?\" A shake of the head. Joliffe huffed \"Right. Course. Can we help?\" \"You're gonna laugh.\" \"We won't.\" Alex said instantly After a while, Jimmy finally spoke \"Turns out Cora never loved me. I never mattered to her, I was just a distraction.\" Joliffe raised an eyebrow \"What shit. Why would you ever think something like that?\" He shrugged \"Her mom told me.\" He nodded \"Right,\" Another card went into the pile \"and we believe her now.\" Jimmy looked up sharply \"What do you mean?\" \"Her mum who she hates?\" Joliffe remarked. \"I guess.\" \"Her mum who has never given you any reason to trust a bloody word she says?\" \"If it was me…\" Alex tossed another card into the pile when Jimmy didn't respond \"If it was me, I'd get an answer for myself.\" Jimmy's gaze flickered to Alex \"You think she was lying?\" \"Damn right I think she was lying.\" Alex said, abandoning all pretence of cards and slapping the remainder of his hand on the crate. \"She's got a record for it. She told me once Cora had scarlet fever, just to try and stop me coming by the house.\" \"But… I don't understand. Those articles, in the paper…\" Alex slapped a hand to his forehead \"Christ! She had some deal with her uncle. He was going to pay her what she earnt him so she could get away and not be forced to marry some rich shmuck.\" \"Why would she do that?\" \"You get three guesses, Jimmy boy.\" Joliffe remarked, slapping down his cards too. \"And the first two don't count.\" \"The car will be here soon.\" Eleanor Farwell announced from the next room, pulling on a pair of silk gloves. She hesitated, dropping her voice a little before adding; \"I haven't mentioned your little indiscretions to Theodore. It'd be in your interests not to enlighten him yourself. Cora's stepfather Theo had gotten back from a long trip the day before, and was now downstairs complaining vocally how much time 'those girls' took to get ready. The end of the week had crept ever closer and now it was here. The opening night of Kong - the Eighth Wonder of the World . All three of the family had tickets, prime seats, and Eleanor had planned the evening to the smallest detail. Cora had put on the blue gown Eleanor had bought from Paris, white gloves and blue shoes. Inside the gloves she could already feel her palms sweating. A sick feeling of dread settled in her stomach at the very notion of see the creature again. The last time she'd seen it in the flesh had been in that frantic final battle on the island. She still could not shake the image of it flinging human bodies through the air. \"Wise.\" Her mother said, catching sight of her choice of dress from her spot in the doorway. She crossed the bedroom and made a show of adjusting the sleeves, brushing the fabric flat \"You're going to look wonderful. Just as I hoped.\" \"Mother,\" Cora mumbled weakly \"I don't feel so…\" \"None of that.\" She gripped her daughter firmly by the shoulders. A little too firm, her nails digging in \"Head up. Big smile. Be charming. Be polite. Do everything I have taught you.\" Suddenly the chimes of the doorbell rang out from downstairs. \"I'll be right back\" With one final squeeze, Eleanor departed, leaving Cora stood, useless in the middle of the room. And she was back, within seconds, and clutching a slim, glossy box. \"This,\" her mother began excitedly \"Is from your uncle. A thank you gift, the card says.\" She opened the box grandly to reveal the most stunning necklace Cora had ever laid eyes on. Dainty lengths of diamonds were gathered in an elegant garland pattern, each stone flawless. \"It's beautiful.\" she said faintly. And it was - but there was also something excessive about it'. It was the kind of necklace that could feed a family for months. The kind of things that seemed gross to wear on such a night, of already so much excess. \"It's Cartier .\" Eleanor declared rapturously, admiring it like it was her own \"Wonderful. I'll say this for Carl - he has taste.\" She removed it carefully from the box, dangling it like cobwebs from her fingers. \"Turn around.\" Cora obliged, too drained to protest. Eleanor threaded the necklace across her collarbone and clasped it shut. \"Quite lovely.\" She announced, herding Cora towards the mirror. Cora forced herself to look. For a moment she didn't recognise the girl looking back. Overdressed, with fussy hair and deathly pale underneath her makeup, applied a little thicker beneath her eyes to disguise the shadows that had gathered there over the past few days. The necklace hung heavy, pressing at the nape of her neck. It was beautiful, but around her throat it felt more like a shackle. She suddenly envisioned headlines - New York girl strangled by own necklace. \"Well what a pair of beauties!\" Theodore declared as they joined him downstairs. \"I'm going to be the envy of every man there with you two on my arm.\" Eleanor trilled with mock scolded him in a sickening manner and Cora's fingers shook as she fastened her coat. The three of them stepped out into the chilly darkness and Theo assisted the ladies into the car. \"I can't wait to see what Carl's got planned this time.\" Eleanor joked. \"Well I hear young Cora's been behind the scenes.\" Theo commented congenially. Cora started at the sound of her name \"Oh, um. Yes I did.\" She slipped a finger underneath the necklace and eased the weight of it awkwardly away from her skin. Eleanor eyed the motion \"Best behaviour tonight,\" She added, whilst Theo, distracted, made some jest to the driver \"If you try to run I have a man waiting at the docks. One call, Cora. That's all I have to make.\" Moment later, they entered a bright, cold Times Square. \"Well look at this!\" Theo whistled low, impressed by the scene outside the Alhambra. People swarmed everywhere, jostling and pushing their way to the box office and paying no heed to the 'sold out' and 'house full' signs plastered all over. The freshly fallen snow had been pushed aside, making a walkway lined with mingled police and theatre staff. Yells of the scalpers rang out into the air above the buzz of conversation, car horns and all. The illuminated billboards glowed \"Relive the adventure of the Century ... see Miss Ann Darrow offered to the Beast!\" Inside the chaos did not relent. Wall to wall people, dressed in their finest. Cameras flashed, laughter rang out, plummy greetings were hollered across the tops of heads. Everywhere a clutched glass of champagne, another recognisable socialite, a politician, a producer... In the centre of it all was Carl Denham. The ringleader. The conductor. Arms open wide, welcoming, charming, soaking it all up. \"Well look who it is!\" He grinned, seeing them approach. \"Carl, I am actually impressed.\" Eleanor said, all faux-reluctance as she took in their surroundings. She smiled \"You've actually made a hit for yourself!\" \"Don't I know it, El! This is just the beginning. There's a waiting list at box office a mile long, and the vice president has a box booked tomorrow week! Listen – anything you want it's yours, drinks, just let me know.\" He broke away to loudly greet another suited and booted gentleman. \"There's Mr Mosely.\" Eleanor commented lightly as they wove their way through the throng, Theo occupied with taking their coats \"And his dear son, you remember Nate, don't you?\" She waved cordially across the packed foyer to the pair. It was the sight of Mosely, junior and senior, making their way towards them, that suddenly made Cora realise; It would never, ever end. The sway that her mother now had over her, the threat of her powerful friends, would rule Cora for the rest of her life. As long as the Venture sailed with a crew of free men, she still had something to lose and Eleanor would use their lives as bargaining chips in their familial war of wills. As her mother laughed falsely with James Mosely, Cora saw the rest of her life laid out in front of her. A marriage of convenience and wealth, but no passion or adventure. Children born out of duty and expectation, who Cora herself would be expected to cajole and push into their own loveless, money-filled marriages. She would die, wealthy and old and safe. It was like Arthur Joliffe had said. Maybe she would survive. But she would not live. \"Miss Denham.\" \"Mr Mosely.\" She fixed a false smile to her face, conscious of her mother watching her carefully. \"How wonderful to see you again.\" \"Get off of me.\" On some pretence, he'd pulled her aside into a quiet corridor, all gilt and mirrored walls. She saw her own face reflected, pale and tense, a hundred times. Within seconds, Mosely's arm was around her waist and he'd shoved her to the wall. \"Oh don't worry, I will for now. But I know if your mother gets her way it won't be forever.\" he snickered into her ear \"I'll have you one day Cora. Despite…\" He sighed theatrically. \"Well, there's things I've heard. Running around with sailors. They say you're...soiled goods, shall we say? You're lucky I'm open minded.\" He grabbed at her thigh \"I've never liked prudes.\" \"I said get OFF OF ME.\" She shoved him, hard, jamming a heel down into his toes. \"Jesus!\" Mosely yelped, \"You're feisty! I like that.\" \"If you dare touch me again, I'll tear you apart.\" She hissed, pulling herself away. \"When we're married, you won't have much of a choice.\" He sneered as she made to leave. She hesitated, and sensing a weakness, Mosely continued \"You see, your mother's got plans Cora. I'm a smart match. And I like you. But you know what I don't like? Not getting what I want. I want you. And I know all about you.\" \"You know nothing.\" \"I know you've been to the Canary Club. I know you cavort with sailors. I know you ran feral around these streets as a kid getting up to God only knows what. I know enough to ruin you Cora Denham, and when I'm through nobody in Manhattan's going to want to touch you with a yardstick. Except me. Good old, dependable Nate Mosely. Your last hope.\" \"Is that a threat?\" \"You bet it is.\" She scowled at him \"You think I'm frightened of you?\" \"You should be.\" He sneered Fighting back the panic in her throat, Cora chuckled mirthlessly \"Do better.\" With that, she hurried back into the crowd, shoving her way inelegantly through the fray to where Eleanor and Theo now stood. \"And anyone who's anyone knows-\" Eleanor stopped and stared critically at her daughter's flushed face \"Cora, what on earth-\" Suddenly a tall figure in a well-cut suit and spectacles swept into their midst. \"Mrs Farwell!\" Preston declared, inclining his head respectfully \"May I introduce myself! Preston Howard, Carl's assistant - an honour to meet you at last, he speaks so very highly of you...\" Among everything, a whisper of relief crossed Cora's mind. Preston. Thank God. There was nothing he could do, she knew that, but his presence alone made this whole thing marginally less terrifying. \"Indeed.\" Eleanor remarked, looking him up and down in search of fault. Her gaze lingered on the scar that marked his cheek, but he seemed to pass muster as she continued; \"I suppose you also went along on this… adventure?\" \"I did indeed. Quite a journey, quite an event. Miss Denham.\" Preston turned to Cora, all earnest charm. \"May I fetch you a refreshment?\" \"That would be lovely.\" She looked to Eleanor. \"Mother, may I accompany Mr Howard?\" \"Of course. Don't wander off!\" It sounded light-hearted enough, but Cora knew full well what her mother meant. Don't try to run. She placed a hand through the crook of Preston's arm and he pulled her away with a definite sense of purpose. \"Thanks,\" She mumbled as they wove their way through the crowd. \"How did you know?\" \"The look on your face. You're as white as those gloves of yours.\" He turned back to her \"What are you doing here Cora?\" \"Viewing the beast.\" She replied in a monotone. \"Why else?\" \"Don't give me that crap.\" Preston snapped – he honest to God snapped, and Cora realised that the adventure had changed him more than she realised \"I thought you were better than this, I thought you were going to stay away, and I was glad, you know? I thought maybe, just maybe, this Denham's different, she's gonna take a stand, but here you are, in this get up. What happened?\" Cora didn't reply for quite a while. Eventually she muttered; \"Jimmy came to the house whilst I was out. I was meant to be back in time to meet him, but I was held up. My mother spoke to him.\" Preston sighed. \"Oh God, Cora…\" Cora shook her head. \"From what she told me, it sounds like she fed him a whole heap of lies. About how I never cared for him, how I was… slumming it.\" She pulled a face. \"She made it sound so cheap and disgusting and, and...\" \"Hey.\" Preston said firmly \"You don't have to explain yourself. Not to me. I was there, remember?\" He laughed as she blushed. \"You had to be blind not to see it.\" He glanced back at Eleanor \"I shoulda known. Listen, I can cover for you. If you want to make a break for it.\" She smiled weakly. \"Thanks. But you can't. She's watching me.\" She swallowed hard and added \"We had this fight. Things were said.\" He frowned. \"What things?\" \"Just… things. It's how her world works.\" She paused and glanced back to where Eleanor was chatting animatedly with one of Carl's studio backers. \"How my world has to work now. She knows my weak spots, Preston. With one word she can put Englehorn and Jimmy and all of them in jail and I can't be responsible for that.\" \"That's blackmail.\" He replied firmly. \"Even so,\" Cora said, looking back at him \"She'd do it, and Carl's done more than enough to ruin their lives.\" Preston cast another glance over his shoulder and nodded a direction \"And who's the fella? He's been staring at us ever since we started talking.\" She knew he meant Nate Mosely, still hanging around, watching her intently from across the foyer \"Nobody.\" She took a deep, shuddering breath \"But for the love of God, Preston, please do not leave me alone with him.\" \"Miss Denham!\" She flinched, but it was only the reporter she'd spoken to from The Times, the earnest fellow. \"We meet again!\" He grinned, notepad poised \"Tell me Miss Denham, how do you feel knowing the night is finally here - the night the beast makes his debut for the world to see?!\" She fixed a smile, accepting the drink Preston handed her with textbook grace \"I'm delighted, Mr Hutchings. I honestly couldn't be happier.\"[Chapter 23] With a grand fanfare, the vast orchestra struck up, filling the air with a rich sound. The audience instantly hushed, excitement in the air still palpable with anticipation. Every way Cora looked, hundreds of people sat in neat, tight lines, their faces all eagerly turned towards the stage. With one final flourish, the music abated and Carl stepped onstage, bathed in spotlight, to rapturous applause. From her balcony seat, Cora watched her uncle take it all in, grinning from ear to ear and granting the audience a wave. This is what he'd wanted, what he'd waited for, all this time. \"Thank you!\" He boomed as the applause subsided \"Thank you!\" He looked across the auditorium, head bowed slightly in a show of humility \"Ladies and gentlemen,\" he began \"I am here to tell you a very strange story…\" It was a story Cora knew only too well - a story in which she'd been a player. The grandiose fashion in which Carl told the tale seemed at odds to what they'd experienced. When he mentioned the seventeen horrible deaths, Cora's stomach clenched tightly, but everyone around kept on smiling. It was all so wrong. \"But even the meanest brute can be tamed.\" Carl went on, a knowing quirk to his brow \"Yes, ladies and gentlemen, as you will see, the beast was no match for the charms of a girl - a girl from New York!\" Huge applause, and seconds too late, prompted by a sharp nudge from her mother, Cora weakly joined in \"Bringing to mind that old Arabian proverb…\" \"Listen to this\" He'd said, only a couple of weeks before, minutes before an interview, as he rattled off ideas to his impassive niece \"Found it in a book, think it'll be a hit. Old Arabian proverb!\" \"And lo,\" Carl proclaimed \"the Beast looked upon the face of Beauty, and Beauty stayed his hand... and from that day forward, he was as one...\" \"Dead.\" She mumbled in unison with him. Night had fallen and fresh flakes of snow were once again lazily drifting downwards by the time Jimmy was ready to leave. Joliffe had come outside to see him off, when to their surprise Englehorn came striding out of the shadows. He was dressed to go ashore, but with a holster strapped across his shoulders, a revolver secured against his side. The two flinched guiltily at the sight of him. \"Off out, are we?\" Englehorn said cooly. \"You can't stop me.\" Jimmy said immediately. \"I know I can't.\" He replied pulling on his battered coat \"That is why I'm going with you.\" Jimmy stepped back anxiously \"I don't need your help Captain.\" The captain shrugged \"Fine. I honestly don't care if you win the girl back or not, it's nothing to me. I'm not going for you anyway.\" He quickly secured the buttons \"I need to see how this ends. For better or worse. And I want to pin down my payment. Then it's over.\" Joliffe frowned \"You sure you know what you're going?\" He chuckled humorlessly \"You're almost starting to sound like Hayes.\" Joliffe scoffed in annoyance \"I'm serious, you're armed and you're going out there with no plan whatsoev-\" \"We're being watched, Arthur.\" Joliffe froze. The captain hadn't used his first name in more years that he could recall, and the sound of it alone was foreign to him. \"What.\" He replied flatly. Englehorn glanced aside and lowered his voice \"I said we're being watched. We've been watched for the past two days. I wasn't sure, so I didn't say anything before. But I am now. And we are.\" \"By who?\" \"I don't know. I have a feeling the beast is something to do with it. I need to find out. But not a word to anyone, got it?\" He stepped back and returned his voice to a casual level \"Carl Denham is playing with fire.\" He continued, striding down the gangplank, Joliffe following \"If something goes wrong, it's going to go horribly wrong. If I can do something… Jimmy, you coming?\" He stopped and looked back at the Englishman \"Denham has no idea what he's dealing with.\" He briefly looked back to where he had upon mentioning the watcher. \"Look. If I'm not back by dawn… don't wait for me.\" Joliffe nodded slowly \"Aye sir. Understood.\" He turned and jogged back up the walkway. With a heavy breath, Englehorn turned to Jimmy, loitering awkwardly close by \"Whatever happens, you do what I tell you, alright? If I tell you to go back to the ship, you go, no questions.\" Jimmy opened his mouth to protest, but after a fraction of a pause, nodded \"Yes Captain.\" Looking uncomfortable, he added \"Sir? What do you think's gonna happen?\" \"That's just it, Jimmy.\" Englehorn replied, turning up his collar against the cold \"I don't know.\" \"Captain?\" Englehorn paused and glanced back once more. Joliffe was lingering on the deck, leaning on the railing, ever-present cigarette clamped between his fingers. He raised the glowing end in farewell \"Good luck.\" \"And now ladies and gentlemen, I'm going to show you the greatest thing your eyes have ever beheld!\" Carl said. The orchestra produced a suspenseful hum, and Cora felt her pulse quicken, the old sick feeling back in her throat. \"He was a king in the world he knew,\" Carl continued \"but he comes to you now - a captive!\" Panicked, Cora looked back at the door to the balcony. Meeting Preston's eyes, she watched as he shrugged helplessly. Nothing. This was it. This was unstoppable. She whipped her gaze back to the stage. \"Ladies and gentlemen…\" \"I have to get out of here.\" She didn't realise she'd spoken aloud until her mother hissed \"Don't you dare.\" A grip tightened on her wrist. Carl's necklace was too heavy around her neck, it was way too warm in the auditorium, everything was just too much - \"I give you… KONG! The Eighth Wonder of the World!\" Loud music. The curtain rose, inch by tantalising inch and then - There he was. Kong. The music swelled to a crescendo, gasps echoing around the audience, but Cora simply stared in shock. This was the same animal. The same giant gorilla that had chased them to almost certain death. The mountain of teeth and claws that had haunted her nightmares. And yet… He looked defeated - as defeated as Cora felt, she realised. His tree-trunk wrists were in thick manacles, matched at his ankles and waist. He sat, slumped on the stage between two great pillars, his head lolling to one side. He seemed somehow smaller. And as for this set - she'd seen half a dozen rough sketches, but never paid them much heed. It was clearly meant to be Carl's vision of the native's village, but it was all wrong; gold stone and grandeur, none of the death and decay they'd actually seen. Again, she reluctantly joined the applause a beat too late, but nobody noticed. Eleanor and Theo were both wide eyed, mouths agape at the sight of Kong. \"Don't be alarmed, ladies and gentlemen\" Carl said, looking euphoric at the reaction \"It is perfectly safe.\" He gestured to the shackled limbs \"These chains are made of chrome steel!\" He approached Kong's side, and with a great show, eliciting further gasps from those watching, he placed his hand on Kong's arm. \"I am touching the beast.\" He declared I am actually laying my hand on the twenty-five foot gorilla-\" Kong shifted feebly. The chains clinked and Carl jumped back, casting a nervous smile forward as the audience chuckled. The next stage of the spectacle soon followed - great winches raising Kong's hands, pulling him, forcing him to full height. \"How utterly horrifying!\" Eleanor gasped. Maybe once, Cora thought. Now it just made her feel sad. All that danger, all that loss of life, and for this. This extravagant pantomime that was no better than bear-baiting. This was the tribute to Mike, Herb, Hayes, all of them. This was their legacy. A 'surprise guest', heralded as the true hero of the adventure, turned out to be Bruce, dressed up like a big game hunter in pristine white. He and Carl shook hands warmly, slapped each other on the back like old friends, grinning broadly. And here were the dancers Carl had hired. The ritual of the human sacrifice, as he'd envisioned it. Comically painted, they posed, lunged, danced to an exaggerated tribal beat, twirling artfully. Bruce pulled one from the line up and proceeded to do the Charleston with her. Cringing, Cora finally looked away \"It wasn't like that.\" She muttered darkly to nobody in particular. \"Don't mumble Cora dear,\" Eleanor replied, still staring at the stage \"It's a very unattractive trait.\" \"I said it wasn't like that.\" She glared at her mother, her trepidation replaced with anger \" None of it was like this. This whole thing is sick. People died-\" \"Cora!\" Eleanor reprimanded, looking around sheepishly \"You're becoming hysterical.\" \"Hey, keep it down will ya?\" A man in the next row quipped \"I'm tryin' to watch the show!\" \"Not another word, Cora.\" Eleanor said, her voice low \"Don't make me make that call.\" The two stared at each other, until Cora realised what Carl was saying onstage. \"...We now come to the climax of this savage ritual... the sacrifice of a beautiful young girl.\" The lights dimmed, and the drumbeat quickened, like a heartbeat. Cora instantly turned her full attention to the stage \"Ann!\" she gasped, leaning forward. \"Behold her terror as she is offered up to the mighty Kong! A big hand folks - for the bravest girl I ever met - Miss Ann Darrow!\" The dancers fell to their knees in reverence, as platform began to rise in the centre of the stage, bearing a blonde figure, dressed in a pure white gown. \"Ann!\" Cora whimpered again. She was gobsmacked. She hadn't even heard from Ann since the day they left the ship, not even a whisper of news, and now here she was, reunited with the beast, who was now leaning forward with something akin to hope in his eyes, and - \"Help, save me from the beast, aghhh!\" Her heart plummeted. It wasn't Ann. Hell - this one was barely an actress. All of a sudden she understood. Carl hadn't been able to get his leading lady, so he'd dressed up some bit player to look like her and kept all the signs unchanged. This? This was low. Above the fake Ann, Kong seemed to realise something was off. Confusion turned into frustration, as he huffed and growled, nostrils flaring, muscles flexing. He was angry, he was getting angrier and Cora could only watch, helpless. This was Kong, this was what she remembered, the rage, the unstoppable, undeniable rage of a monster. He tensed, the pillars buckled... Suddenly, with a terrible roar, and a huge crash, Kong's shackles disintegrated beneath his mighty power and fell clean away. In an instant, the cheers turned to panicked screams, drowned out by another deafening roar. The spell had broken. King Kong was back. Cora leapt to her feet and turned to her mother and Theo \"We need to get out now .\" Theo understood immediately \"Go Cora, you go, now, we're right behind you\" He gently pulled a shocked Eleanor to her feet \"Elly, darling, we have to go…\" It was pandemonium. All around people were scrambling out of their seats, practically climbing over each other. Cora could no longer see the stage, but Kong's roars shook the building, the balcony itself quivered under the impact of his furious flailings. The tide of escaping people carried her with them, away from her family, away from Kong, towards the exits. Stumbling, she tried to keep her balance in the stampede, feeling a rush of gratitude as Preston appeared, grabbing her hand securely among the blur of faces, contorted, terrified faces, but one she knew - Jack Driscoll, standing alone in the aisle... \"Jack!\" She gasped, wavering in surprise \"What are you doing here?\" \"Get out of here Cora.\" Jack yelled, his eyes fixed on the stage with horror. \"Run. Run!\" \"What's that?\" They were less than a block from Times Square when Jimmy had stopped in his tracks. Englehorn looked around \"What's what, what can you hear?\" \"Yelling. Something's wrong.\" As the boy spoke, Englehorn realised he could hear it too - the distant, high pitched sounds of pure horror. \"Something's happened.\" He murmured in dread \"Come on.\" He broke into a run, Jimmy close behind. The volume of yells grew and slowly, like water through a crevice, people began to pass them, running wildly. In evening wear, but with no coats or hats, like they'd had to flee at a moment's notice... \"What's happening?\" Englehorn called out, but they just ran right past him. He grabbed one man by the arm \"What is it,\" he barked \"what are you running from?\" \"The beast!\" The man gibbered, shaking violently \"Carl Denham's monster! It's loose! It'll kill us all!\" Ripping himself free, the man sprinted away. \"God, no.\" Englehorn muttered \"Jimmy, come on!\" They ran the final few metres, emerging to see a flood of people spilling from the doors of the nearest theatre, shrieking in terror. Loud crashes could be heard from inside, as well as that unmistakable roar. Icy cold fear flooded Englehorn's veins \"Jesus…\" He muttered faintly, his eyes immediately going to the words 'see Ann Darrow offered to the beast' . Quickly recovering, he grabbed Jimmy by the shoulder and pointed towards the crowd \"You - that way - find the girl. I'll meet you back at the ship, now go, go!\" He set off as fast as he could, circling the building until he found a large crumbling gouge in the brick wall of the theatre. Roughly twenty five feet tall - big enough for a monster to have clawed its way through. He practically tore open the nearby stage door, now swinging on its hinges from the mass exodus, and pelted through the deserted wings, stumbling onto the harshly lit stage. Empty. Everyone was gone - including the beast. Cursing, he shielding his eyes, scanning his surroundings. The heat of the stage lights was oppressive. There was a strong smell of burning, brick dust and crumbled plaster, mingled with - he grimaced - blood. And no sign of Darrow. \"Miss Darrow!\" He roared to the abandoned auditorium. The rows of red velvet seats looked as if they'd been practically ploughed. \"She's not here.\" He turned to see Carl Denham lingering dazed at the side of the stage. The man was staring, sightless before him, his face pale and his voice small. \"What?\" Englehorn barked \"Ann, she's not here, she never was.\" Carl unsteadily raised his gaze to meet the German's. A ghostly facade of a smile on his face \"I offered her a fortune and she turned me down. Can you imagine? Hundreds, thousands even, and she said no.\" \"What happened?\" Englehorn circled the stage wildly \"The beast, where is it?\" \"I don't know.\" Carl muttered \"It's gone. It left.\" \"It's gone?\" Englehorn clenched his fists \"Jesus Christ, Denham. What have you done?\" \"I just… the show…\" Shaking his head, Englehorn turned away and surveyed the damage onstage. The wrecked remains of some kind of pedestal with splintered wood scattered like fallen leaves, abandoned pieces of gaudy costume, and towards the back great piles of metal chain, snapped as easily as string. He crossed the stage and nudged at the broken links with his foot \"What is this?\" \"Chrome steel.\" Carl mumbled. Englehorn gaped at him \"Chrome steel?\" he rushed back and roughly shoved Denham backwards, sorely wishing to punch him in the face \"You thought chrome steel would hold that thing?\" Carl put up and arm, a feeble attempt at defense \"It was weak, it had given up the ghost…\" \"So you put it on stage for the world to provoke and never once imagined it'd react? You idiot. You idiot. It's a wild animal, bigger than anything you've ever seen and you never thought…\" He stopped at the nasal sound of muffled sirens in the distance. He pointed at Carl \"You have to go.\" Carl frowned \"What?\" \"Now, you have to go now. That beast is running wild, Denham - they are coming to arrest you.\" He blinked, bemused \"Where'm I gonna go?\" \"Anywhere. You can't stay here. Anywhere.\" When he made no attempt to move, Englehorn sighed and grabbed him by the shoulders \"Come on!\" With some difficulty he jostled and herded the stunned director back the way he'd come, through the wings, out the stage door and down the side street, all effort concentrated on just moving, in no particular direction, just getting away... They'd scarcely made it a hundred yards before they heard the screams.[Chapter 24] \"We're getting you out of here.\" With a firm grip on her hand, Preston half-pulled, half-dragged Cora down the sweeping foyer staircase. \"Whatever happens, stay with me.\" Cora did not object. By this time they were fully caught up in the tidal wave of audience members rushing towards the exits. There was no sign of her mother and Theo. And as for Carl? He could have been anywhere. \"Move!\" A hysterical man behind them yelled, shoving aside anyone in his path \"Move, move!\" Startled, Preston dropped Cora's hand and the two were jostled apart in the fray, forced towards separate exits. \"Cora!\" He yelled, winded as another punter barged straight into him. \"Preston!\" She screamed back as he vanished into the melee. \"Preston!\" Leaving the theatre was like being plunged into cold water, the sudden drop in temperature making Cora's head spin. Everything was chaos, noise, movement, panic. She tried to move, to get away, but every time someone else would rush past like she was invisible, knocking and disorientating her. Suddenly a pair of hands grabbed at her. \"Get off me!\" She shrieked, twisting like an eel, her fussy shoes making escape a challenge. \"Let go of me!\" \"Cora, it's me!\" She froze, stunned. \"Jimmy?\" Her gaze searched his face, finally landing on his eyes. Her panic subsiding, she choked back a sob. \"Jimmy...\" And then his arms were around her and she was clinging on to him, to this one spot of safety amongst the madness and noise all around them. \"What are you doing here?\" She blurted out, finally releasing him. He gently cupped her face in his hands \"I came to find you.\" \"Listen, what my mother said, it wasn't -\" Cora began, but was cut off from elaborating further by a loud crash from the next street and the unmistakable roar of Kong. \"Not the time.\" Jimmy grabbed her hand. \"Come on.\" He urged her. \"We gotta get outta here.\" Denham blundered away like a drunken man into the night, and Englehorn let him go. He'd saved the director's sorry hide too many times to do it again. Now he had to find Jimmy - and, he begrudgingly supposed, the girl. He glanced left, right, and followed his gut, took the left and hurried away from the scene of the crime. Skidding out of the alley he immediately realised his mistake, as a shadow fell across his path. Kong. Perhaps the suddenness of Englehorn's appearance had taken him by surprise, a momentary lapse, the only thing that had stayed the beast's hand for this long. But now it recognised its previous captor, and was making no signs of leaving soon. It towered above him, heaving with rage and exertion. For a second, every instinct abandoned him as he locked eyes with the gigantic ape. The creature was breathing heavily, every exhalation steaming in the frigid air. A living mountain staring him down. The beast that had slaughtered his crew. Suddenly it roared, rank breath like a gale of wind in his face. Fear turned to rage, a fool's courage in his veins \"Come on then!\" He yelled back, fumbling his revolver into his hand and aiming it straight between Kong's eyes. Me and you. It ends here. It ends now. \"Captain!\" Jimmy's voice, hoarse with effort rang out. Englehorn broke the held stare between him and the ape and spotted them, Jimmy, alive, and the Denham girl, overdressed and pale with fright. \"Run damn you!\" He bellowed to them, but still the pair hesitated. Kong stepped forward, one mammoth step making the ground tremble. Englehorn stepped back in turn, like fencers in a bout, his finger tightening on the trigger. In the corner of his eye he saw Cora move suddenly, scooping something from the ground. \"Hey!\" She yelled, flinging a broken brick towards Kong. It bounced off the creature's head like it was no more than a grain of sand, but it paused - glanced back over a shoulder - and growled, one long, deep growl. With the beast distracted, Englehorn ducked past, grabbing Jimmy by the arm \"Come on, run!\" Following the captain's lead, Cora and Jimmy obeyed, and together the three of them pelted down the crowded street. Cora shoes kept slipping, her heart pounding uncomfortably in her chest and she looked back to see the beast gaining on them. Remembering how it had bitten one unfortunate sailor into two, she swallowed hard and forced herself to keep going, stumbling as she went. \"This way!\" Englehorn flung out an arm and the trio darted into a narrow side street, really no more than a narrow passage. They slipped between the buildings as Kong collided with the brick walls, roaring in frustration, his enormous hand grabbing wildly as far as he could reach toward them. He roared again, slamming his bulk into the sides of the entrance, dislodging bricks and dust. \"Get behind me.\" Englehorn ordered them, hoarse. Jimmy ran a few more useless steps into the alley \"It's a dead end!\" He cried. Once again, Englehorn aimed square between the creature's eyes, finger ready and tense on the trigger. \"Go on…\" He mumbled. Cora turned and pressed her face into Jimmy's shoulder, he in turn wrapping his arms protectively around her. Then, suddenly, the noise level plummeted. Everything was still and Cora was faintly aware of the far off continuing panic on the street. In the alley though, all was silent. She dared peek out to see that Kong had vanished, his roars diminishing into the distance, met with new yells of terror and the screeching of car brakes. She looked up to see Jimmy, frozen with shock, still staring at where the beast had been. \"What happened?\" Cora breathed, heart still hammering uncomfortably fast. \"Musta been distracted...\" He said faintly before looking back at her. \"Hey – are you okay?\" She hurriedly wiped the dampness from her cheeks. \"I'm fine, I'm fine. You?\" He gently wiped the remaining tears from under her eyes with his thumb before replying. \"Yeah. I am now.\" \"We need to move.\" Englehorn announced, concealing the revolver back inside his coat and giving Jimmy a not completely unaffectionate shove on the shoulder. \"Follow me.\" They emerged from the alley to see the aftermath of Kong's rampage – women sobbing, men yelling, broken wreckage everywhere and the nearing wail of police sirens. The smell of smoke and oil from wrecked vehicles hung in the air. \"Now, you listen to me,\" Englehorn rounded on Cora \"Can you go home?\" \"After what my mother said to me?\" Cora shook her head resolutely. \"Not possible.\" He grunted \"Very well. You think you can walk in those shoes?\" \"Yeah. Why?\" He seemed to flinch at a nearing siren, and jerked his head for her to follow \"Come with us. Come on - quick.\" \"Cora? Cora!\" Alex dropped what he was doing and went pelting down the gangplank. Finally letting go of Jimmy's hand, Cora raced towards her childhood friend, stumbling a little before flinging her arms around him. \"Thank God...\" Alex was muttering, as he swung her around. \"Thank God.\" He brusquely dumped her back onto her slightly unsteady feet and to all of their surprise, flung his arms around Jimmy. \"You have any idea,\" He hissed, releasing Jimmy, smacking him on the back and cuffing him fondly round the head. \"How worried I have been? You go running off, 'don't try to stop me Alex', and the next thing we hear is it's like a war zone out there!\" he went to hit him again, but missed purposely, shaking his head in relief. \"And all I could do was wait, y'know? I was…\" His voice cracked a little and he tried to laugh as a cover up \"I was useless, Jim.\" He chuckled sheepishly, kicking absently at the ground \"Mr Joliffe, he…\" he broke off and looked back up at the railing of the ship. Cora followed his gaze. The first mate's was cast in shadow, but the glowing speck in his hand indicated the ever present cigarette. Englehorn strode past the young trio and immediately went to Joliffe's side and into conference. Alex gave him a brief nod and turned back to the others. \"He was worried. There was this – roar. Like nothing I ever heard of, not like a lion or tiger or nuthin'. And Joliffe, he just went...\" he passed a hand across his face demonstratively. \"He went white. It was crazy.\" \"It's escaped.\" Jimmy explained \"The beast, the one we told you about, Mr Denham's - it got out.\" Alex gaped \"You're joking? C'mon, we'd better get inside.\" As they headed back up the gangplank, Cora grabbed Alex's elbow \"Alex, about what I said-\" \"Already forgotten.\" He grabbed her hand and squeezed it hand fondly \"Really makes a guy look at his life when his best friend's life might in danger.\" \"I was so horrible though.\" Alex shrugged \"Yeah, well I was hardly a gentleman. Don't tell my mother.\" Taking them to the mess, Alex fetched a blanket to wrap around Cora's shoulders and set about making them all a pot of coffee so strong they could practically chew it. Joliffe and Englehorn rejoined them, briefly, their conversation cut short as Englehorn snapped something that sounded like \"...talk about this later.\" \"Well don't you scrub up well!\" Joliffe declared upon spotting Cora. \"Come on. Up. Stand up.\" Smiling, Cora obliged, feeling a little self-conscious. \"Give us a twirl. Come on.\" Despite everything, she laughed as she twirled around demonstratively, the skirt of her dress flaring a little. Joliffe whistled jokingly \"What a stunner. I can't believe it. You are punching high above your weight there, Jimmy boy. She realised later that this had been Joliffe's way of dealing with the events of the evening, in his own way. After they'd gone, the three of them had remained in silence for a moment, Alex leaning heavily on the hatch and watching the others knowingly. \"I'll leave you two alone then.\" He remarked, drumming his hands lightly on the woodwork. \"Alex.\" Cora said warningly. \"I've got work to do!\" He declared, dancing out the door. \"Alex, you-!\" Cora gave up. She and Jimmy sat in silence for a moment as she summoned up the nerve to speak. \"What my mother said,\" she began \"I promise you, it wasn't true.\" \"I know.\" She sat back, surprised \"You do?\" He took her hand across the table and ran a thumb across her knuckles \"At the time it really hurt, but the more I thought about it, the more it didn't make any sense.\" He glanced across at her before quickly looking away again \"It wasn't like you. And then I talked to Alex and Mr Joliffe and none of it seemed right.\" \"She's not a bad person\" She protested \"I mean - she's very ambitious. And she's got ideas and plans, but it's just because she had a rough time when she was my age. I think that she thinks it's the same for everyone. She doesn't understand that things are different.\" \"I don't want you to settle for me-\" \"I am not. I don't know what I would've done without you tonight.\" She confessed, reaching over and running her fingers lightly across his arm \"You saved my life.\" \"Nah, I didn't-\" \"You did.\" She ducked her head, forcing him to meet her eye \"If you hadn't come along when you did, I'd still have been there for Kong to find like a sitting duck.\" Jimmy set down his cup with a sigh \"Guess now we've even.\" She frowned \"What do you mean?\" \"You save my life. I save yours.\" He took both her hands in his \"Been waiting nearly five years to do it, but hey… I owed you. Those kids woulda killed me that day if you hadn't come along.\" He studied her reaction carefully \"Cora,\" he added \"It's okay. I know it was you.\" Tearing her hands away, Cora staggered to her feet \"How long have you known?\" Jimmy surveyed her, amused \"The day with the posters.\" He smirked at the memory \"You got this way of introducing yourself, like a, like something in your voice - like you sound embarrassed about your name. I'd heard you introduce yourself before, just like that. That's when I knew - or least I hoped I knew.\" She folded her arms tight around her \"Why didn't you say anything?\" He held up his hands in surrender \"What would I say? Anyways, I never thought you'd remember. You were different then.\" \"I grew up.\" She smiled ruefully \"We both did.\" She gulped hard, her mouth dry \"I always wondered afterwards what happened to you.\" \"That was the day I came aboard here.\" Jimmy explained, crossing the room to her \"Few days into the voyage Mr Hayes found me hiding below deck. Been here ever since.\" He paused \"Why didn't you say anything?\" She shrugged helplessly \"I had an inkling, I just… I didn't want to hope, that's all. It seemed so much safer to tell myself that I'd never see that boy again. If I had said something, if I had asked, and it wasn't you… that'd be unbearable.\" She bit her lip \"I guess I thought if I never asked then I'd never...\" She trailed off, shaking her head. \"The next time I saw you you'd become…\" He gestured vaguely. \"A proper young lady?\" She finished, sardonically \"Don't I know it. The perfect picture of what everybody else wants me to be.\" He gently took her hand \"What do you want?\" After a second's pause, she forced herself to look up at him \"I want you. Just you. You're more than enough Jimmy, you're so much more than I could ever want and when I thought I'd lost you… it hurt more than I thought possible.\" She smiled \"Mr Joliffe was wrong. You're not 'punching above your weight' at all. It's me who's the lucky one.\" Feeling bold, she reached up and kissed him. This was right. This was where she was supposed to be. Feeling his arms wrap around her waist she leant fully against him and closed her eyes. \"You know you can't hide here forever.\" She felt him mumble into her neck. \"I know.\" She tightened her grip \"Just give me one more minute.\"[Chapter 25] \"What's happening?\" \"There're rumours.\" Alex replied, as Jimmy and Cora joined him on deck. There was a rumbling of activity taking place on the dock below, with a large group of men stood, tense, around a newcomer, who was talking animatedly. Muffled shouts echoed further down the dock, as news was yelled from ship to ship, crew to crew. Cora, wrapping the blanket tighter around her like a cloak, looked down over the side of the ship to see the man gesticulating wildly, wide eyed and urging his audience to believe him. \"Rumours about the beast,\" Alex clarified, lighting up another cigarette, the blue-grey plume of smoke accented in the artificial light. \"They say it was last seen heading toward the park - it's taken a lady captive.\" Cora looked at him suddenly \"What lady?\" \"A chorus girl - that's what they're saying. Blonde, good looking...\" \"Miss Darrow.\" Jimmy guessed. Alex shrugged uneasily \"Could be.\" \"It's obsessed with her.\" Cora said, \"At the show it thought it saw her and it looked happier than it had all night.\" She shook her head \"It's Ann, it's got to be Ann.\" \"Listen-\" Alex began, but was cut off by a loud boom in the distance, with an echo that radiated outwards. Then another. Everyone froze, bar one scrabbling of feet and Englehorn appeared on the upper deck. His hands closed around the railing, knuckles white with tension, staring out and for the first time in a while, looking deeply alarmed. \"What was that do you reckon - a one twenty?\" Joliffe remarked from the bottom of the steps to the wheelhouse, looking grim. Englehorn nodded \"At the very least.\" He looked straight ahead, talking more to himself than anyone else, \"They're going to try and blow it up.\" Cora turned back to Jimmy \"We have to go find her.\" She stated, as the conversation sparked up again all around them. Jimmy stared at her \"Miss Darrow? No. It's too dangerous-\" \"More dangerous than dinosaurs and giant bugs and crazy natives?\" Cora cried out, \"Jimmy! We went through all of that to get Ann back . What was it all for if we don't keep going now?\" Jimmy grimaced \"You could get hurt.\" \"And Ann could get killed .\" She retorted. She took both his hands and lowered her voice \"I'm going to go after her, Jim. It was my family that got her into this. I have to try and help her now. I'm not going to make you come with me, but I have to go.\" She kissed him quickly and handed back the blanket. \"I'm sorry.\" Biting back her nerves, she turned and hurried down the gangplank, with no plan, no idea what she would do. Just the undeniable fact that she had to do something, make some kind of choice - she couldn't hide anymore. \"Cora.\" A rush of relief at the sound of his voice. She looked back. \"Yeah?\" After a moment of indecision, Jimmy sighed and headed towards her. \"Put this on,\" he ordered, shrugging his jacket off \"Else you're gonna freeze out there.\" She smiled, relieved as he joined her, slipping his hand into hers. \"Thank you.\" She mumbled. \"Like you said.\" He muttered quietly as they hurried down to the dock \"We've survived this much. Might last the night with any luck.\" \"Wait up.\" Alex called from behind them, his tone heavy with reluctance. \"Someone's gotta look after you lunatics. Don't be a hero, Cor.\" He said lightly as he caught up with them. \"That kinda thing never ends well.\" They hailed a cab not long after that and, hoping the driver hadn't heard the latest news, directed him towards Central Park. They rode in silence, staring out of every window for any sign of Kong. Another explosion. The driver slowed. \"What was that?\" He asked, instantly suspicious. \"Maybe-\" Cora began, but was cut off as a huge black shape rushed towards them up the street. Kong. In his hand a flash of white. He was racing away, roaring, teeth bared, fast as anything. \"What the hell?\" The driver yelped, slamming on the brakes and flinging them all forward in their seats. \"Follow that ape!\" Jimmy ordered, recovering quickly and pointing after the fleeing Kong. \"That thing?! Are you crazy or something? No way.\" The driver sneered. \"Then leave us here!\" Alex snapped from the front seat, throwing a handful of bills in the driver's direction and diving for the door. \"Cora, Jim, c'mon!\" They practically fell out of the car, which screeched away in an instant, and the chase was on. Following the crashes and cries of the ape, they ran after it, wordlessly changing direction and cutting down side streets as necessary. The din of sirens was near deafening as vehicle after vehicle raced past them, some with mounted guns or huge searchlights. Soldiers and police ran by, completely ignoring the young people they left behind them. Jimmy grabbed Cora's hand and pulled her closer to his side. \"They've bought the whole damn military in.\" He muttered. \"The city's under attack, that's why.\" Alex replied, then let out a yell of panic as they rounded a corner and spotted Kong galloping across the rooftops in front of them. For such a vast being, he could leap incredible distances and seemed to soar as he leapt across the gap, right over their heads. He landed heavily on the next rooftop, followed in hot pursuit by an army truck, that came careering around the corner at top speed, rattling off artillery. \"Get down!\" Jimmy yelled as a shell hit the building above them, and a shower of glass rained down. He flung out both arms herding the others out of harm's way. \"People are gonna get killed!\" Alex spat, staring up at the damaged building, brushing shards from his sleeve. He turned to the others, eyes wide \"Is that it? That's the thing? Jesus! It's a monster!\" \"I warned you.\" Jimmy replied, taking Cora's hand again. \"We gotta keep up, come on.\" Picking their way out of the debris, they ran on, the sounds of the army aiding their track. They dodged panicked civilians, abandoned cars, but on foot they couldn't match Kong's swiftness. Eventually, defeated, they slowed to a stop, panting for breath in the middle of a quiet street. \"Lost 'em.\" Jimmy growled, kicking the ground in annoyance. \"They could be anywhere by now.\" \"Um.\" Alex began, staring behind them \"Guys…\" He pointed upwards and they turned to see Kong, a black mark against the glass and concrete, scaling the nearby Empire State Building like a spider. For a moment all three of them stopped and simply stared. \"What the…\" Jimmy breathed. Cora frowned \"Where's it going?\" Alex shrugged helplessly \"Highest point in the city?\" He guessed, as all three of them stared up after the rapidly ascending ape. \"'Least we know where it is.\" Feeling safe enough to slow their pace, the trio walked in silence towards the great tower. The noise of the military was ever-present, and emerging onto fifth avenue, they witnessed a perimeter rapidly forming. \"Stay back!\" One cop was barking at the gathering crowd, who pointed and gaped at the sight. \"I said, stay back, all of you!\" The searchlights now in place swept across the building, illuminating Kong. He climbed with an unbelievable determination, higher and higher, until he could no longer be seen from the ground. Cora, Jimmy and Alex all watched in tense silence, as the nasal whine of an airplane engine came into hearing. Six soared into view, eliciting a cheer from the crowd around them. \"I'll be damned…\" Alex muttered \"They're gonna shoot him down.\" Cora looked at him, aghast. \"Shoot him?\" \"Guess so.\" Alex kept his gaze skywards. \"Planes like that. Height like that. Big guy like him. Only thing left to do.\" \"But what about Ann?\" Alex looked uneasy, finally glancing back at Cora, \"Honestly Cor, I don't think they really care right about now.\" Cora looked back to the tower, a cold feeling of helplessness washing over her. \"Sun's coming up.\" Alex noted the red sky \"Yeah. Looks like this is where it ends.\" Cora felt Jimmy's hand tighten in hers as the planes glided into formation. Kong's roar, distant on the wind, could be heard far above. And then a rattle of bullets. Alex had been right. They were shooting Kong down and they didn't care who got in their way. The planes ducked and weaved, returning again and again to the tower like angry mosquitoes. One was knocked out of the sky and went careering off towards the ground a few blocks away. A movement at the base of the tower suddenly caught Cora's eye. A figure in a dark coat slipped past the cordon and pelted across the street for the door. Cora recognised him immediately. \"Jack!\" She yelled, a moment too slow - he'd dashed through the entrance and was gone - and nobody could stop him. \"Jack's here?\" Jimmy craned his head to look. \"He just went in.\" A sudden realisation \"I think he's going up there!\" She looked back up the building and moved forward to see better. \"Miss, can you please step back?\" An officer grumbled at her, gesturing in a patronising fashion. \"Shut up!\" She snapped without looking at him. \"...Okay.\" They watched in silence as the planes dived again like furious birds, Kong swatting at them with his huge arms. \"Thing's got nowhere to go.\" Jimmy murmured, shielding his eyes against the rising sun. Another plane was knocked from the air to screams from the crowd. Almost like they were watching some kind of grand spectacle. It looked as Kong was to be the greatest show in town until the end. Again and again the planes dived, shot, retreated. Kong swiped at them, a tiny shape against the sky. But his movements slowly became less, his stance less tall and with one final hail of bullets, he seemed to shrink down on himself. They'd got him. The realisation of the authorities came all too quickly, and none of them had planned for what came next. \"It's coming down!\" One of the cops yelled. \"GET BACK, GET BACK, GET BACK!\" The cry went up from the army general, rushing towards the crowd who stumbled backwards,a panicked, screaming mass of people. Trapped among the tide of people, Cora Denham looked back up, up to the dawn sky, to the tallest building she'd ever known as, as if in slow motion, Kong, the eighth wonder of the world, fell.[Chapter 26] He hit the street before them with an unholy noise of impact. The ground shook for a moment beneath all their feet, and then everything was still. For a moment, nobody moved. Every sound, every heartbeat, every exhaled breath seemed exaggerated tenfold. For a moment the whole world stopped. Then, as quickly as it had ceased to be, life resumed. A roar of activity ignited around them - yells, cheers, wild speculation and chatter. Cora found herself gasping a breath and was glad to feel Jimmy next to her, holding her tight around the shoulders, steady as a rock. \"It's over.\" She breathed, watching the reporters flock to the body of the creature. As if in a dream, she found herself following them, taking in the sight of the motionless animal. She took in the cuts and scratches, raw marks around his wrists and ankles still apparent. She took in the countless bullet holes. Kong had taken one hell of a beating, holding out until the very end. \"Why'd he do that?\" One of the photographers sneered, lining up a perfect shot \"Climb up there and get himself cornered? The ape musta known what was comin'.\" She couldn't stop staring. Now she didn't have to escape from Kong, she was fascinated instead of frightened. She reached forwards towards the leathery hide. The photographers colleague shrugged carelessly \"It's just a dumb animal - it didn't know nothin'.\" \"It wasn't the airplanes\" She flinched, withdrawing her hand in an instant. She knew that voice. Stood opposite her was Carl. Shoved between the photographers, the police, the gawkers. Staring, ashen, at Kong. He looked completely lost. He shook his head \"It was beauty killed the beast.\" He glanced up and their eyes met across the corpse of the fallen giant. Cora wanted to say something. Anything. But no words felt appropriate. After going to the ends of the earth and back. The final blank space on the map that Carl had wrenched, kicking and screaming and born in the blood of their friends, to the light. Because what do you say? Nothing was suitable. Nothing could be said. And then Carl Denham was gone, diving back into the crowd and making a hasty retreat, head down, shoulders hunched. He slipped behind a well-suited man, disappeared from sight and Cora knew, somehow, that she would never see him again. Defeat, her father had once told her, was always momentary. Not this time. \"Hey.\" A reporter clutching a notepad prodded her in the arm. \"You're the Denham girl, right?\" Cora waved him away, keeping her head down as a few more faces turned \"No. Not me.\" Then, echoing Carl's movements in mirror image, she shoved her way out of the crowd, away from Kong. She stumbled out of the fray to see Jimmy waiting for her, his expression blank and unreadable. He looked out of place somehow - a solitary figure of stillness and quiet amongst the chaos and gathering crowds. She took a deep breath, feeling a wave of tiredness suddenly hit. \"You okay?\" She asked. Jimmy shook his head, wordless. Feeling totally useless, Cora stepped forward and wrapped her arms around him, closing her eyes, feeling him return the gesture and hold her tight. Her mind felt like it was buzzing with a thousand incomprehensible thoughts. Maybe it was the fatigue, but nothing about the last few hours felt entirely real. But Jimmy was here, and Jimmy was real, and for a few seconds, that was more than enough. \"We should probably get outta here.\" Alex said after a tactful moment of silence. \"You're right.\" Cora let go of Jimmy and stood back. It was getting too busy to wait around, and now one reporter had recognised her there were bound to be more. \"I want to go home.\" \"I'll walk you back.\" Jimmy told her, \"It's the least I can do.\" \"And then you have to tell Captain Englehorn to leave the city.\" She looked back at the blond boy \"You got to warn him Alex, you gotta leave as soon as you can, before my mother does anything...\" \"Okay, okay!\" Alex's jokey tone wavered \"We'll be ready.\" He looked back at Jimmy \"We'll be ready.\" He said, firmer. \"I'll be there.\" Jimmy replied. Alex nodded, tight lipped. He glanced back at Cora before adding to Jimmy; \"You take her right to the door, okay? Don't leave until she's inside-\" \"Alex!\" Cora whined, smiling despite herself. \"I know, I know.\" He stuck his hands in his pockets and suddenly looked sheepish. \"Look. I gotta tell ya, after tonight my mind is blown all over the place. Giant apes, air battles…\" he trailed off and puffed out his cheeks in disbelief. \"Hell of a night.\" He glanced at the lightening sky \"Hell of a morning.\" The three of them stood for a moment longer in the growing dawn, all three in part taking a moment to appreciate the quiet. Cora Denham smiled at her childhood friend \"I'm gonna be okay, Alex.\" He smiled \"Of course you are. You're Cora Denham. C'mere.\" She let him sweep her into a bear hug, the last both knew they would share for a long time. \"Look out for Jenny, okay?\" he said, voice muffled. She nodded into his shoulder \"I will.\" \"Good.\" He stepped back. \"My right hand man. Know I can count on you.\" He smiled. \"Be seein' you.\" \"Goodbye Alex.\" She watched as he wandered off down the street, pausing briefly to touch his cap to a pretty bystander and drawl a charming ' good mornin' '. \"You ready?\" She turned back to Jimmy. Her Jimmy. She smiled, a tired but genuine smile. \"Yes. As I'll ever be.\" He reached out a hand, which she gladly took, and together they walked away from Fifth Avenue and the chaos that continued there. They didn't rush. They were both too tired to hurry along, and there was too much to think about. Again, Cora struggled for an appropriate word, but Jimmy beat her to it, three blocks from home. \"What are you going to do now?\" She sighed. \"Go home. Face my mother, I guess. Got to happen sometime. And then I suppose I'll have to find Carl and see what he's got to say for himself. And then I've got to fix this whole mess with Mosely...\" \"The suitor .\" Jimmy added, with more than a touch of disgust. Cora shuddered \"I don't want anything to do with him. Ever. I don't care what he's got on me, I won't take him.\" She stopped walking and looked up at him. \"What are you going to do?\" \"Back to the ship.\" He replied with a shrug. \"It's all else I got.\" He lightened his tone and tried to appear blase. \"Go on another adventure. Whatever comes next.\" She smiled. \"I'm jealous.\" He stood very close to her. \"Even after…\" \"Even after.\" She kissed him and sighed. \"Even after. I think my adventures are officially over.\" He took her chin gently in his hand and tilted her face towards him. \"Come with me. C'mon!\" He said with a grin. She groaned in good humour, pulling a resigned face. \"I can't. I really wish I could, but I can't.\" He took both his hands again and squeezed them reassuringly. \"Let me fix things here. Let me handle this. And then you and me - we'll go on an adventure. Deal?\" He kissed her on the forehead. \"Deal.\" They walked on together in silence, the streets waking up around them. All talk, all snatches of conversation they overheard was of Kong - endless speculation and rumour, some people heading out to see if the body still lay in the road. They turned a corner into Cora's street and she stopped dead at the sight of her house - and the person who stood in front of it. \"Oh no. Theo.\" Jimmy looked concerned \"Theo?\" \"My stepfather.\" She turned to him, starting to panic. \"You'd better go, otherwise...\" \"Cora.\" Cora winced, visibly bracing herself. She turned slowly, but Theo didn't seem angry. \"Cora, where on earth have you been?\" He asked, wringing his hands as he reached them. \"...Around.\" She replied feebly, attempting to subtly edge between Theo and Jimmy. \"Around!\" Theo tutted. \"Cora Rose, do you know how worried we've been, your mother and I?\" Cora scoffed \"Why? Mother doesn't care.\" \"You know that's not true.\" Theo replied. \"Cora, deep down your mother loves you very much and was in a terrible state last night...\" he trailed off and looked at Jimmy. \"And who is this?\" He asked. Cora cleared her throat, collecting herself. \"Um. Theo, this is my friend Jimmy. Jimmy, this is my stepfather, Mister Theodore Farwell.\" There was a silence that seemed to stretch on forever, Cora willing the ground to swallow her up, before Theo gave a satisfied nod and extended his hand. \"Thank you, young man.\" He said quietly, as a stunned Jimmy allowed his hand to be firmly shaken \"Thank you for bringing her home to us.\" Theo looked at Cora, \"I think it's best we went inside.\" He nodded once more to Jimmy. \"Good day to you, sir.\" \"First time I've ever been called 'sir'.\" Jimmy said, with a slightly dazed smile as Theo walked back inside. \"That's Theo. He's certainly something.\" Reluctantly extracting herself from his jacket, she passed it back and walked to the house. She paused in the doorway and turned to look at him, taking in every detail of his face. She wasn't sure if she would ever see him again, so she had to make this last look count. He smiled and bowed his head slightly. \"Good morning Miss Denham.\" He looked back up, straight into Cora's eyes. Even from here, she could see his own, blue as the ocean. For a moment the two just stood and looked at each other. \"I don't want to say goodbye.\" She admitted, turning away from the door and stepping back down to the sidewalk. \"Why?\" \"Because if I say goodbye and you walk away then… it's over.\" She swallowed back the threatening tears and shrugged clumsily. He noted her now bare arms \"Go inside.\" He said softly \"You're gonna get cold.\" \"You'll have to leave today.\" With a jolt, she suddenly remembered her mother's threat. \"My mother, she knows all kinds of people and-\" He cut her off with another kiss, blocking the next words from her mouth. When he stepped back again, she was breathless. \"I'm not scared of your mother.\" He told her quietly. \"But if she calls the cops...\" \"I'm not scared.\" He repeated. \" I am .\" She took a shaking breath, pushing back a sob \"I can't lose you again.\" \"You're not going to lose me.\" he leant his forehead against hers \"I'll come back for you. One day.\" Cora smiled. \"I'll hold you to that.\" A noise from inside the house shocked her back to her senses. \"Go.\" She said, gently pushing a hand against his chest. \"Go. Be safe.\" He kissed her one last time before stepping away, his gaze fixed on her for those initial difficult steps. Into that look they silently willed everything they wanted to say but could not find the words. Everything they were frightened of saying out loud. Neither of them had the will to say 'goodbye'. There was too much finality in those words in a night where too many things had been final. Cora stood at the door and watched him disappear from sight for the last time before returning into the house. Only then did she spare a thought for her appearance. She glanced down to see her shoes stained by the city snow, the hem of her Parisian dress caught in the same filth. She grimaced, inspecting a large rip on one side of the skirt. She knew she looked a mess as she sidled into the kitchen, but Theo said nothing. She watched her stepfather move easily around the kitchen, boiling water and fetching all his necessary tools. \"Didn't know you could make tea.\" She commented, peeling off her now fairly grubby gloves for something to do with her hands. Theo smiled secretively \"Oh, I'm a man of many hidden talents. One of them happens to be tea.\" he gestured to the kitchen table \"Now sit.\" Cora obliged, settling her exhausted limbs into the chair and kicking off her shoes. After running around so much in the half light, the kitchen seemed garishly over-illuminated. She shaded her eyes, dropping her gaze to the table top. \"I know I haven't been around much,\" Theo added, continuing his running commentary \"But I'd like to be. I really would. And when Sadie comes home at Christmas, we could be like an actual family. I'd like that too.\" Cora frowned at him \"Why are you being so nice to me?\" she said quietly, suspicious. \"Why shouldn't I be?\" he carefully poured out the warm drink \"I never had a daughter of my own. I always wanted one. She'd have walked all over me, I know that for sure. I'd like to be your ally.\" Again tears burned at her eyes and she blinked them away furiously, feeling completely confused \"What do you want from this?\" it rang too much of a trick question, the double meanings she'd been wary of all her life. \" Nothing .\" He sat down opposite and passed the cup across the table. \"Just a friend. I'd like us to be friends Cora, if you'd allow that.\" \"Maybe.\" She paused. \"No. We can. We can be friends. That... that would be nice.\" Theo gave a small relieved smile. \"I'm glad to hear it.\" He confessed. \"Now drink that, I'll get Mrs Layton to run you a bath and we'll talk about this whole thing later. You must be exhausted.\" He tutted disapprovingly. \"Running around New York all night! And with that beast on the loose! It's a miracle you weren't killed...\" Then and only then did Cora allow the exhaustion she'd been fighting off for hours to fully wash over her. It had been the strangest night. Terrifying, thrilling – but strange. When she finally got into bed, as the rest of the city was facing the day, she welcomed the sleep that came quickly. \"I didn't hear you come in.\" Eleanor began. It had been past noon by the time Cora woke. She'd dressed and ventured downstairs with some trepidation to find her mother sat in the living room once more. She looked as tired as Cora felt, looking smaller and greyer without her evening clothes and artfully applied make up. Cora nodded, avoiding eye contact \"It was late.\" A prickle of tension sparked at the back of her neck, but she obstinately ignored it. This had to be faced. Eleanor folded the newspaper she was holding, a large image of the dead Kong on the front page, and set it aside \"Theodore and I have been talking.\" \"Yes.\" She said, carefully. \"About you getting married. He had some thoughts.\" \"Oh.\" Her heart sank. \"I think… perhaps…\" Short, abrupt breaths as she collected herself; \"We've rushed into this.\" What? Cora started, but said nothing. She looked up and was suddenly struck by how uncomfortable Eleanor looked. She looked unsettled, frightened almost - a sensation that Cora's mother rarely displayed, \"I mean I was Sadie's age before I'd even met your father… maybe we'll give it a year or two. Maybe we'll try again later.\" Eleanor cleared her throat and drew herself a little straighter \"I think in the meantime you should do a little more travelling - whilst you're young, whilst you've no responsibilities, it's the perfect time. You know, I'd say you're almost ready to do Paris, your French is coming along quite beautifully...\" \"Mother.\" Cora cut in. \"What is this? What's going on?\" The attempted bravado deflated rapidly. Eleanor's face fell and she looked pained. \"I nearly lost you last night.\" She replied quietly \"For a minute there I thought I had. It made me have a good long think about things. You know that I cannot approve of a sailor…\" \"I know.\" \"But that's a discussion for another time. Besides.\" She added brusquely \"We've still got Sadie's wedding to plan. Four months engaged already and we've barely begun to plan. I thought they could get married upstate…\" Just like that, Eleanor Denham was back in her element. Cora braced herself for that flare of panic that would bloom in her stomach every time talk turned to marriage, but it never came. She didn't miss it. One final chapter to go. No, I can't believe it either.[Chapter 27] Whatever Theo had said, it had had an effect. Eleanor barely protested when Cora announced that she was going out later that day. It was dusk by the time she arrived at Carl's apartment, passing a few disappointed journalists who were clearly hours too late for a scoop. They ignored the girl they passed on the stairs and Cora felt slightly amused by the fact. They'd all wanted a piece of her when she was lipsticked and rouged, Carl's niece all camera ready. The girl they brushed rudely by was nothing like that, in her sensible shoes, thick winter scarf and bare face. She was glad of it. The door was unlocked and swung on its hinges when Cora pressed her fingertips against it. Inside was a mess, with cabinets and drawers hanging open like they'd been emptied in a great rush. One window was left open, a chilly breeze whistling in, adding to the effect of a ghost town within these four walls. A stack of handbills advertising the opening night of The Eighth Wonder of the World had been knocked over, fanning across the floor like fallen leaves. \"Carl? It's me, Cora. Are you here?\" Fruitless, yes, but she had to break the silence. But Carl Denham was long gone - his wardrobe emptied, his desk ransacked of any incriminating document. The desk chair, a fine, green leather upholstered thing, had been knocked down in the rush, and Cora, for want of something to do, righted it, flopping ungracefully into the seat. \"I knew it.\" She muttered. She looked at the desk and suddenly noticed a crumpled envelope, squashed into a heavy crease underneath a lurid glass paperweight. She saw her name, scrawled in a panicked hand, and grabbed the envelope, dislodging a trio of others. Scanning the fronts she recognised the names on all three, before ripping open her own. Sure enough it was Carl's writing, in an accelerated scribble. Dear Cora - If you're reading this, then you've done what I expected, and come to find me. Well - you won't and that's all there is to it. I'm leaving New York. Running away. Call it a coward's way out, but there's nothing left for me here. I'm sorry for everything. I'm sorry for dragging you along on this stupid trip and for putting you in harms way too many times. If your dad was still alive, he'd have killed me. When he died, I thought that would change things. It would motivate me to create, but all I did was destroy. There are four cheques on this desk. One's yours, just as I promised. The other three I need you to deliver. I told them on that island that I'd share it with all of them and I will. What's left of it anyway. Do not come looking for me. I don't want to be found. I'm sorry. Carl. The cheque, made out in the same untidy hurry, fluttered from the envelope. Cora Denham. Seventy five dollars. She laughed, one hollow bark of a laugh. The countless thousands that had gone into this production, the risks, the lies, everything, and that great reward she'd been promised in return for her obedience was less than one hundred dollars. Not even half of what she needed to escape. She looked around the apartment, shaking her head as she flopped back in the chair. \"Son of a bitch.\" \"Hello?\" Her head jerked back up and she scrambled to her feet as a new arrival entered the room. \"Preston!\" She cried. \"You're alright!\" \"Am I glad to see you.\" He replied, removing his hat with a smile. He looked tired, but unharmed. \"Thought I'd lost you there at the theatre.\" \"Long story - Jimmy found me.\" \"And?\" \"And… we parted on good terms.\" She felt her smile falter. \"He's gone. They've all gone. It wasn't safe. But he knows how I really feel now.\" Preston nodded. He pointed, hat in hand, changing the subject \"Y'know, for a second there I didn't recognise you.\" She stretched out her arms theatrically, showing off her plain wool coat. \"I'm just trying out a new look,\" She joked, posing \"What do you think?\" \"Much better.\" Preston replied, \"You look just like you did first time I met you.\" She dropped her arms \"September.\" He nodded, looking around the empty apartment \"Feels like a lifetime ago.\" Anxious to break the silence, Cora offered out the envelope marked with his name \"I think this is for you.\" Curious, Preston tore open the envelope and raised his eyebrows at the contents. \"Well it's a fraction of what he owes me…\" He tucked the cheque into his shirt pocket and sighed \"But it's better than nothing.\" \"He doesn't want to be found, Preston.\" \"He might not have a choice.\" Preston stared around at the abandoned apartment. \"He's finished Cora. He'll never work again, that's for sure. I know he's your family, but-\" \"I get it.\" Cora cut in. \"I knew it was over the second those chains snapped. And now it's dead.\" She looked at him sharply \"Have you heard from Ann? Or Jack?\" \"I saw Jack before I came over here.\" Preston replied, bending to pick up one of the littered handbills \"Ann is… okay. This has really taken it out of her. Jack said it's gonna take a while, but he's gonna be there for her, whatever happens. However long it takes is however long it takes.\" \"He's a good man.\" Cora said, only half to Preston. \"Speaking of good men,\" Preston added, \"Or maybe less-than-good men. Have you heard about Nate Mosely?\" She shivered \"That greaseball? No - what happened?\" \"He's in the hospital. Apparently in the chaos he fell and hit his head. He remembers very little about the events of last night and,\" He looked at her meaningfully \"Even less about you.\" \"Thank you Preston,\" she said with feeling. She looked to the open window. \"All I got to do now is work out what happens next. My next move.\" Preston suddenly looked at his shoes \"That's another thing. I'm leaving.\" She stared at him \"You're what?\" \"I'm leaving New York.\" He said, with no small amount of determination. \"I've been offered a job in California. Still in the movie business - there's a studio who are very impressed with the Skull Island stories. I was going to tell Carl I quit last night, but I could barely get a word in.\" He looked up anxiously \"Do you think I'm doing the right thing?\" She nodded \"Yeah. I think you're gonna be great.\" Some goodbyes were a lot easier than others. Cora Denham and Preston Howard parted ways that day with well wishes and commendations of luck. She'd miss him, she knew she would. Cora felt like all the parts of her life were being scattered like dust on the wind, to settle where they may. She wondered if she should envy them. Wanting solitude, she wandered back through the city alone, relishing her newfound anonymity. A large section of Fifth Avenue was still fenced off, and who could say how long it would take to move Kong's massive body. Lingering briefly at the barrier she tried not to think too much about how this experience had taught her the two possibilities of such great events; you fled, or - she glanced up at the Empire State Building - you fell. That, as her mother had said, was a conversation for another time. She shivered in the rapidly cooling evening air, and felt the envelopes still in her pocket. Englehorn's cheque would have to wait – the Venture was long gone and part of Cora was glad of it. It meant that at least she still had something left to lose. As for the other, she needed an excuse to check in with Jack anyway. Maybe she would catch him at the theatre. Maybe she could leave it at the stage door for him. Maybe he wouldn't even want Carl's money. Maybe a million and one things could happen that day. Stranger things had happened before, and certainly to her. It only had to start with one. With that in mind, she flipped up the collar of her coat against the encroaching chill and stepped back into the flow of the sidewalk's evening foot traffic, slipping easily into the crowd and onwards to whatever came next for her. Against the blue wash of the dusk, lights were coming on everywhere, and in the slice of sky between the buildings, the sunset was casting swathes of red shadow above them, signalling the imminent fade out to black. It really was a beautiful evening. So there it is. Six years after posting the first chapter I've finally finished the damn thing. Thanks for sticking with it and reading this far - I really appreciate it. This story's seen me through a lot of things; studies, jobs, sickness and health, and I have to say this ending is nothing like the ending I originally planned! But I hope you enjoyed it. That's what matters in the end. Thank you.[Chapter 28]  ","Summary":" 1. Age old Favours The very first thing that Eleanor Farwell said to her daughter Cora, on the morn"},{"Movie":"King Kong","Title":"Skull Island: A Documentation of the Most Terrifying Place on Earth","Author":"SomethingWittyIGuess","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12632166","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: Now for most of my upcoming, unrelated stories, I will rarely, if ever, use author's notes. However, due to the nature of this story being different from many others, I feel like they are needed to give an explanation on how this project works. Skull Island: A Documentation of the Most Terrifying Place on Earth is an example of the science fiction subgenre of Speculative Evolution, or Speculative Biology. Speculative Evolution focuses on hypothetical scenarios in biological evolution and natural selection. This story is a more scientifically plausible reimagining of the fictional Skull Island, which is why this interpretation of the King Kong franchise will be very different from many others (similar to an AU fanfiction if you will). Each chapter will end with a similar Author's Note explaining the creature in the movies the organism presented in the chapter is based on. Eventually, I will post many similar, entirely original ideas (as well as this one) onto my Deviantart and Zetaboards accounts that also deal with the genre of Speculative Evolution. Thank you and I hope you enjoy the story.[Chapter 2] Publishing Date: 1971 Skull Island: A Documentation of the Most Terrifying Place on Earth For years, humanity has always fantasized about the unknown and what could be found there. We wrote romantic adventure stories that took the hero to exotic, peculiar and often dangerous places; places filled with terrifying monsters that antagonized and battled the protagonist. Now most of these stories and the great figures and monsters could be chalked up to complete fantasy, however, during a British Empire-controlled expedition in the Indian Ocean in the summer of 1889, the crew of the ship found a place that seems to match the description of those myths of yore, Skull Island. Skull Island is a medium-sized landmass in the Indian Ocean slightly larger than the U.S. state of Texas. Its remote location has caused it to become a biodiversity hotspot, home to immigrants from India, Australia, Indonesia, Madagascar, and a small minority of organisms from the Horn of Africa. The island is most well-known for having several dangerous examples of predatory megafauna, such as the infamous Bearcroc (Ursosuchus quinkanus), the mud lurking Skullcrawler (Necrosuchus subterranus), the gargantuan Terror Eagle (Aquila giganteus), and the odd, yet intelligent Marsupial Dhole (Venatoroo necroinsulus). However, the two species that put Skull Island on the map are the Skull Island Men (Homo necroinsulus) and the Kong (Hylogiganteus homos). Since the island's initial discovery in 1889, many more expeditions have been made, set to explore the many ecosystems of the island. The ecosystems include, the jungles in the southern part of the island, the mangrove swamps in the north and northeast, the semi-desert in the northwest, the grasslands in the west, the mountains in the center of the landmass (and the vast cave networks inside the mountains), the rivers and estuaries which feed into the imposingly-named Lake of Teeth, and the small, forested, Puerto Rico sized landmass near the southeastern coast of the main island called Tiger Island, named after the Holy Tiger (Panthera tigris necroinsulus), the dominant predator of this smaller landmass within a landmass. The largest concentrations of Skull Island Human communities is in the southern side of the island, where the rainforest meets the mountains, and on Tiger Island, however minor settlements are scattered throughout the island. The overall climate of Skull Island is fairly tropical, but snow sometimes collects on the highest of mountains. What this report intends to do is document the individual endemic species of the island, share the religious beliefs of the natives, as well as document the island's role in human history since its discovery in 1889. Each section of this report will begin with one of the island's seven ecosystems, the organisms that live there, Native myths regarding these ecosystems, and how elements from these areas influenced modern history. So without further ado, this is Skull Island, the most terrifying place on Earth.[Chapter 3] The Mangrove Swamps of Skull Island The Northernmost side of Skull Island is home to a network of mangrove swamps comparable to those found in Indonesia. It is the beginning of many of the island's estuaries, which feed into the island's main freshwater rivers, which feed into a large lake east of the southern rainforests. This brackish wetland was the wreck site of the British trading vessel that first discovered the island in 1889. The crew consisted of about twenty individuals, either from Great Britain proper, Australians who were trading with the British, or native Indians who were mostly advisers to the Raj, however only half of the crew actually survived to tell the tale. They got aid from the natives who helped them build a signal fire which beckoned a nearby Australian trading vessel. The crew reported that many of their fallen men were mauled and/or devoured by wild beasts living on the island, many of which are found in the mangroves. Out of all of the island's ecosystems, the mangrove swamp is the one most affected by Indian monsoons. Due to this flooding is quite common, so to cope with these violent yet life giving weather patterns, many organisms have evolved different survival strategies, hoping to reap the spoils of the floods after they have passed. While the mangroves are a threatening place, see past that and you'll see something equally beautiful and fascinating.[Chapter 4] Skullcrawler (Necrosuchus subterranus) The mangrove swamps of Skull Island are home to a most unusual and frightening beast known as the skullcrawler. This two ton, five meter long behemoth of a carnivore may seem alien at first, but close genetic analysis shows that its closest living relative is the false gharial of Southeast Asia. About 41 million years ago BCE, false gharials travelled across a land bridge connecting Indonesia and Skull Island. When the crocodilians began to settle in the mangrove wetlands, they found a food source in many of the now extinct giant gondwanatherian mammals that used to live there. The gharials developed an ingenious way of hunting these titans, burying themselves in the loose sand and ambushing their prey. As their hunting strategy became more used by other gharials, their prey became more cautious of loose sand, however, as the archosaurs became more and more suited to a somewhat subterranean lifestyle, their bodies began to change. Their hind legs became reduced (not vestigial, just slightly smaller than their forelimbs), their skulls began to widen, and their forelimbs became powerful tools used for digging through the loose sand and silt of the brackish swamps. These forelimbs were also good for powerful coastal swimming, which gave the reptiles with their iconic black and white skeletal color palate, perfect for camouflaging with the colors of the shallow seas. However, as their gondwanatherian prey became extinct after even-toed ungulates replaced them during the Miocene, the skullcrawlers had little trouble adapting to their new food source. One such mammal is the Sker Buffalo, a massive three ton bovid that is equally adapted to an amphibious mangrove lifestyle. These giants became the new preferred prey of the skullcrawlers. However, during the early Pleistocene, a newer, yet uncommon and difficult, food source arrived on the island, Homo erectus, the ancestors of Homo necroinsulus, the Skull Island Humans. Skullcrawlers have since played roles in Skull Island myths as deadly, vicious, yet revered creatures that the Natives both fear and respect. When modern man first arrived on the island in 1889, these crocodilians plagued the shipwrecked crew when they were living off the fat of the mangroves, either trying to eat the crew or their beef supply. These giant archosaurs were dubbed Necrosuchus subterranus (Underground corpse crocodile) by modern science and have since become popular zoo exhibits, with the first successful captive breeding taking place at the Vienna Zoo in 1931.[Chapter 5] Sker Buffalo (Potomobos gigas) The largest faunal resident of Skull Island's mangrove swamps, the Sker Buffalo is a three ton monster of a bovid. However, the most unusual aspect of this beast is not so much its size, but rather, the amphibious lifestyle it has. The Sker Buffalo is a descendant of the Wild Water Buffalo of Indonesia, however it seems to take the 'water' aspect of its ancestors' name quite literally as it is a semiaquatic, nocturnal herbivore, similar to the hippopotamus of Africa. But what separates this large ungulate apart from the hippo is the environment it is found in. While the hippopotamus is adapted to freshwater rivers and lakes, the Sker Buffalo is adapted to living in both fresh and brackish waters. Sker herds can be found throughout the island's aquatic habitats, but the slightly saltier mangrove wetlands are where the largest herds are located. These creatures are very tolerant of salty water, an example of this adaptation is whenever a buffalo feeds on marine plants it sneezes to expel the salt from its nostrils, similar to the marine iguana of the Galapagos Islands. The Sker Buffalo's diet consists of a variety of plant matter, from grass and fallen fruits to aquatic plants found in fresh, brackish, and coastal regions. These massive cattle often eat terrestrial plants at night due to risk of being sunburned (another similarity to the hippopotamus) as well as avoiding their only known predator, the primarily diurnal Skullcrawler (Necrosuchus subterranus). This animal plays a role in the culture of the native humans of Skull Island, in which being able to kill one is considered a rite of passage due to their dangerous and unpredictable nature. As such, these bovines are associated with power and strength, but also wrath and stubbornness. Captive breeding of this animal has been fairly successful, with many calves being born in zoos all over the world. Due to this, Skers have become very popular zoo animals. Author's Note: The Sker Buffalo is based on a minor creature from the 2017 film Kong Skull Island , where it is portrayed as having branching horns similar to deer antlers. While the Sker in my story does not have these, I still wanted to give it a unique set of characteristics (namely its aquatic and nocturnal nature).[Chapter 6] Brackish Octopus (Octopus estuarius) As a whole, octopodes are a strange group of invertebrates, even compared to their fellow mollusks. Their uncanny cleverness and their near amorphous appearance allows them to perform all sorts of odd and amusing feats, from using abandoned clam shells for protection, to being able to change their body shape to mimic other animals. However, one species endemic to Skull Island, while it may seem generic at first, can do something that most other cephalopods cannot, survive in fresh water. The Brackish Octopus (Octopus estuarius) is one of two known cephalopods capable of living in non-saltwater environments, the other being the Brief Squid of the Chesapeake Bay. However, unlike the Brief Squid, this larger descendant of the Common Octopus goes one step further by being able to survive in not just brackish water, but also fresh water as well. These Skull Island mangrove residents demonstrate this ability when it comes to how they raise their young. After a male and female octopus breed, the mother swims from their brackish mangrove swamp home upriver to find a safe place away from the many small carnivores in the region to lay her eggs, a very similar practice is done by eels in European rivers. These trips upriver can sometimes take them to purely freshwater areas. Once she finds a suitable location, she lays her eggs and does something else unorthodox for octopodes; she looks after her young. Once her offspring can fend for themselves, she leaves them, returning to the mangroves, with many of her offspring following suit. Though the rivers and estuaries of the island have predators of their own, the octopodes are able to defend themselves by squirting ink to escape from the many large predatory fish. However, this strategy can sometimes backfire because land-dwelling, fishing predators, including the island Natives, will often times follow the trails of ink. After this long and perilous journey, the cephalopods' reward is finding sanctuary in the mangroves, as the small carnivores there are now unable to feed on them. Once they reach sexual maturity, the cycle begins anew. As stated above, these mollusks are an important food source for many of the island's northern tribes. As a result, Brackish Octopodes are seen as symbols of humbleness and resourcefulness. These animals pose no threat to humans, but they will try to fight back if caught. Brackish Octopodes are a rare sight in captivity, but a few captive specimens do exist.[Chapter 7] Gull Crow (Corvus larius) Corvids are among the most adaptable and intelligent of all birds, living on nearly every continent and island outside of Antarctica, and these feats of adaptability and cleverness are no more represented by members of the genus Corvus, crows and ravens. These magnificent birds are characterized by their usually glossy, black, iridescent feathers that shimmer in the sunlight as their owners are foraging for anything that can fit in their bills, animal and plant alike. Multiple corvids, mostly ones from Indonesia and Australia, make their homes on Skull Island, but there's one endemic species of crow that lives an interesting lifestyle, the Gull Crow (Corvus larius). Gull Crows often live and feed near water, hence their name, and are found throughout the coastlines of Skull Island, but the populations in the northern mangroves are by far the most interesting. Descended from an Indian species of crow, these birds have not changed all that much morphology-wise from their ancestors, excluding the longer beak used to catch fish and their relatively larger size. Behavior-wise, the crows of the mangrove wetlands do something very unique from other birds, they get intoxicated. A small species of pufferfish, the Opiate Puffer (see more below) has a liver that is filled with a deadly cocktail of hallucinogenic toxins. Similar to dolphins, the crows take advantage of this and get high off of the toxin. This causes the birds to start behaving oddly, from lashing out at predators, to wobbling around on the beach aimlessly when they walk. However, if too much is ingested, the crows can surely die. Now even though gulls often migrate to Skull Island's coast, these crows still fill a similar niche to them, mainly when they're absent. These corvids, like others of their genus, are omnivores which will feed on anything they can find, from fruits and nuts in the trees, to fish and other small aquatic prey, to the washed up carcasses of marine animals. However, despite being omnivores, seafood seems to be a favorite of this species' diet, including young Brackish Octopus. In Skull Island folklore, the Gull Crow is seen as a smart, yet reckless figure because of their drug habits. These birds are easy to keep in captivity and some people even keep them as pets. In fact, many crows raised in captivity often live longer than wild individuals because of the lack of exposure to hallucinogenic pufferfish. Opiate Puffer (Estuarothron hallucinogenus) Pufferfish, also known as blowfish and sugar toads, are some of the ocean's most feared residents, not so much for any kind of large size, sharp teeth, or phenomenal strength, as they really don't have any of those traits, but rather for the lethal toxins that coarse through their skin and internal organs. In fact, humans have found many practical uses for this fish, from being used as a popular food source in Japan, known as fugu, to their toxic body parts being used by Haitian Vodou priests as an ingredient to create \"zombies\". Now not all pufferfish are restricted to saltwater, some estuary-living species exist, and one species that is native to Skull Island's mangrove swamps is the Opiate Puffer (Estuarothron hallucinogenus). The Opiate Puffer is one of the smallest species of pufferfish in the world, but it is also one of the deadliest. This fish's bright, yellow and black colored body is a warning to many hungry predators to stay away, however to one mangrove hunter these colors are seen as an invitation rather than a warning. This predator in question is the Gull Crow (see above) which actively seeks out these fish to experience the drug-like effects of ingesting a small amount of toxin. The role of the fish in Skull Island mythology is that of a meek yet brave hero that stands up to and defeats characters (a role the Gull Crow is often cast in). Like the Brackish Octopus, captive specimens are rare because of their toxicity however the Vienna Zoo has one of the most successful Opiate Puffer breeding programs in the world. Author's Note: The relationship between the Opiate Puffer and the Gull Crow are based on the hallucinogenic pufferfish and Psychovultures (a black, aggressive, bat-like monster) respectively from the 2017 film Kong Skull Island.[Chapter 8] Clameater Bear ( Melursus bivalvenator) Since the dawn of humanity over one million years ago, there has been no group of predators as feared and revered as much as bears. With their great strength, powerful jaws, and the ability to survive almost anywhere, the diversity among bears, both living and extinct, may be why we as a species are, despite our fears of their imposing might, surprisingly enthralled by them. Skull Island has one native species of bear and it may be one of the strangest on the planet, the Clameater Bear ( Melursus bivalvenator ). Clameater Bears are the smallest species of bear in the world, beating the previous record-holder the Malayan Sun Bear ( Helarctos malayanus ). These small bears are 120 cm long and they can weigh up to 27 kilograms. However, their evolutionary origin lies not with sun bears, but with the Sloth Bear ( Melursus ursinus ) of India. Despite their genetic similarities to the Sloth Bear, the Clameater Bear differs from its Indian ancestor through one striking difference; its diet. Unlike its termite-guzzling ancestor, Clameaters, true to their name, like to dig through the loose, silty mud of Skull Island's mangrove swamps in search of shellfish. While these bears prefer bivalves (clams, mussels, and oysters), they have also been observed slurping up crustaceans (namely barnacles and crabs), fish, aquatic worms, and even the endemic Mire Octopus, the powerful crushing molars making short work of any hard-shelled invertebrate. Another non-anatomical difference between Sloth Bears and Clameater Bears is the close-knit social behavior of the latter. These black-furred beasts are the only bears to live in organized groups, usually consisting of one or two dominant males, a harem of females, and any cubs that have not reached sexual maturity. The reason why these bears form these close social bonds is so that, while some of the bears are feeding, the others (usually the lighter-bodied females and children) climb into the trees to watch for predators (namely Skullcrawlers) lurking in the mud. When the sentries' \"shifts\" are over, they forage for themselves while another bear takes over for them. Clameater Bears are a common sight in the mangroves and, as such, are not threatened by any known human activity. Surprisingly (quite unlike their aggressive Sloth Bear ancestors), these bears are usually docile, however there have been occasional recorded attacks from both the native and non-native humans. Many scientists believe that, much like the Gull Crows, these usually gentle mammals become hostile after accidentally ingesting Opiate Pufferfish. Author's Note: The Clameater Bear is loosely based on Aciedactylus , a shellfish eating theropod dinosaur featured in The World of Kong: A Natural History of Skull Island .[Chapter 9] The Western Grasslands of Skull Island Since the beginning of the Miocene epoch, grasses have become the planet's dominant plants, appearing in just about every terrestrial ecosystem. In fact, many ecosystems, from the American Great Plains to the savannahs of East Africa, are almost entirely made up of grasses, some of which have grown to taller than average heights. Skull Island too has grasslands on its western side. This vast sea of vegetation is the second largest of Skull Island's unique ecosystems, with the mountain range in the center being the largest. The island's grasslands seemed to have originated at the same time and in a similar fashion to grasslands elsewhere in the world; during the Miocene. For a while, early hyracotherian rhinoceroses from India, large birds incapable of flight from Australia, and giant gondwanatheres were the dominant herbivores of this massive plain. However, many of them were sadly pushed to extinction by new even-toed ungulate arrivals from South and Southeast Asia, namely deer and cattle, which are highly adapted to a diet of grass. Despite this, some of these early herbivores still live on the plains to this day, namely because they filled different niches from the invaders. Unlike the grasslands' modern herbivores, which are, for the most part, fairly similar to grassland vegetarians elsewhere, the local predators are a different matter. Unlike the dogs and cats which stalk the grasslands of Africa, North America, and Eurasia, flesh-eating marsupials dominate the savannahs of Skull Island, the two most noteworthy examples being the Marsupial Jackal (Thylacinus gigas), a large species of thylacine, and the oddity known as the Marsupial Dhole (Venatoroo necroinsulus), a highly intelligent and social species of carnivorous macropod that is closely related to kangaroos. The flora and fauna of Skull Island's grasslands were first documented in depth during a well-known American 1933 expedition which would later lead to the King Kong Incident of 1933. During the expedition, the crew, despite their preparations, was menaced by the plains' macropredatory marsupials, as well as by angry herbivores such as the giant deer and the last of the hyracotherian rhinos. Afterwards, they would arrive at the foot of the western side of the mountains where they would come face to face with an abnormally large Kong.[Chapter 10] Marsupial Dhole (Venatoroo necroinsulus) The popular image of a kangaroo is that of a man-sized, large-footed, herbivorous marsupial bounding across Australia's outback. However, kangaroos and other macropods, come in many distinct shapes and behaviors, from the extant, small fruit eaters of Papua New Guinea, to the extinct, slow-moving giants of the Pleistocene. But by far the strangest (and most terrifying) of all macropods makes its home on western Skull Island, the flesh-eating Marsupial Dhole (Venatoroo necroinsulus). When the Marsupial Dhole was first discovered by modern science, it was quite a puzzle finding the origin of what is essentially a carnivorous, intelligent, horse-sized kangaroo that hunts in packs, sprinting around and corralling their prey on all sides so there's no way of escape, until two or three individuals use their slicing teeth and powerful, dexterous claws to kill the victim. This remained a mystery until a series of fossils uncovered in 1938 showed a treasure trove of small, omnivorous basal kangaroos, dating back to the early Miocene. It seems that due to the lack of many fully terrestrial apex predators, sans a few varanids and larger relatives of the Chinese Crocodile Lizard, many new arrivals from Australia were able to become the new top predators of the island, including mekosuchine crocodiles and the aforementioned omnivorous kangaroos. The marsupials in particular probably started out small before becoming larger, their running, almost birdlike gait evolving independently from other similar (and more herbivorous) Australian kangaroos. By the Late Pliocene, the carnivorous macropods took over the island's grasslands as the apex predator, slowly becoming smarter and more social, hence their similarities to dholes and other wild dogs. As mentioned before, marsupial dholes are remarkably intelligent, being on par with dogs. Their hunting strategy consists of a pack of these beasts hiding in the tall grass while stalking a victim, usually a Skull Island False Elk or a juvenile Brontobeast. Each of the kangaroos splits up and finds a different hiding place, waiting to surround their prey as to not let it escape. Once corralled, two or three of the kangaroos run up to the victim's hindquarters, sinking their teeth and claws into the beast so that it begins to lose blood. One their prey is weakened, another kangaroo rushes to its neck, delivering the final blow with its jaws. These marsupials have a doglike social hierarchy as well, with a pack of these beasts consisting of a breeding pair and their joeys. Due to their strange appearance and even stranger behavior, Marsupial Dholes have become icons of Skull Island, being popular zoo exhibits. In fact, these odd creatures can actually be tamed with enough time and patience and as a result, they have become popular exotic pets (although their dangerous natures means that they are not recommended ones), which was the cause of their endangerment in the early 20th Century. Joeys were often taken from their slaughtered parents by hired poachers to be sold to wealthy aristocrats during the 1940s and 50s, until the United Nations banned the sale of pet Marsupial Dholes in 1960. Author's Note: The Marsupial Dhole is loosely based on the Venatosaurus from the 2005 remake of King Kong . The creature in the film is a large dromaeosaur (raptor) like dinosaur that hunts in packs.[Chapter 11] Brontobeast (Goliatherium longus) The popular image of a rhinoceros is that of a bulky, thick-skinned, squat beast with one or two horns on the end of its snout, grazing peacefully before charging violently at an either very brave or very foolish predator. But, as with many of Earth's giants, rhinos came from much smaller and humbler beginnings, being hornless, small forest-dwelling creatures that were not too different from the ancestors of their close cousins, the horses. However, as the Eocene came to a close and the giant herbivorous brontotheres and dinoceratans vanished, rhinos would end up taking their role as Earth's designated megaherbivores. One such group of rhinos, the hyracotheres, produced not only the largest rhino of all time, but also the largest ever land mammal, Paraceratherium . This behemoth of a beast was 15 to 20 tonnes in weight, 7.4 metres long and 4.8 metres tall. These giants lived in India and the Middle East from the beginning to the end of the Oligocene, dying out when the Proboscidea order (elephants, mammoths, etc) began to diversify. However, land bridges from India to Skull Island were a path to relative safety for these magnificent beasts, allowing them to diversify into many different forms suited for grassland lifestyle. However, most of these hyracotheres finally died out in the Pleistocene due to competition with deer, cattle, and other artiodactyls. However, there is one species still around today, the Brontobeast (Goliatherium longus). The Brontobeast, while smaller that its 20 tonne ancestors (being only about the size of a male Bornean Elephant), is Skull Island's largest endemic animal sans migratory whales. This beast's anatomy and behavior has changed very little from its ancestors as well, using its long, pillar-like legs and long neck to feed on high vegetation (in a similar fashion to elephants and giraffes). This relatively conservative body plan may have been the reason why it didn't fall victim to competition with the Ice Age artiodactyls. Brontobeasts live in small-sized herds led by a matriarch (males leave the herd once they reach sexual maturity). Females are extremely protective of their young and males (being full of testosterone) become very aggressive during breeding season, making them one of Skull Island's most dangerous residents. One unfortunate run-in with these creatures happened during an American 1933 expedition, where an aggressive male killed two of the crewmembers. Brontobeasts are revered by the Skull Island Natives (in a similar way to Kongs) for their strength and dedication to their young. Killing one is considered taboo unless absolutely necessary. However, out of all of the island's fauna, these ancient beasts are one of the most threatened due to overhunting during the Japanese occupation of Skull Island during World War II. Zoos all over the world are engaging in breeding programs, many of them being highly successful. Author's Note: The Brontobeast is based on the \"Brontosaurus\" sauropods from the 2005 remake of King Kong , mostly in their bulky appearance and somewhat social behavior.[Chapter 12] Colossal Pangolin (Manis pilosomimus) Pangolins are among some of the strangest mammals to ever exist, easily recognizable by their toothless mouths, scaly pelt, and hefty claws which, when used alongside their long tongues, are used to raid the dwellings of ants and termites. Pangolins are found throughout most of Africa and Southern Asia, where, despite many species having unique evolutionary adaptations, they all have the same traits that make these odd mammals noticeable. Skull Island's endemic resident, the Colossal Pangolin (Manis pilosomimus), is no different, but it, like many individual pangolin species, has its own adaptations that make this beast unique in its own right. For starters, the Colossal Pangolin, true to its nomenclature, is a massive creature, with an average weight of 78 kilograms and an average length of 1.9 meters making it the largest pangolin in the world. Another interesting fact about this massive insectivore is hinted at in its species name, which alludes to its similarities with a famous, giant species of South American mammal, the giant anteater. Like the aforementioned anteater, the Colossal Pangolin feeds on the mound-building termites native to the island's grasslands, using their powerful claws to make short work of the strong structures. Also, like the anteater, the pangolin uses its claws to defend itself, making it a surprisingly dangerous animal (many carcasses of the island's killer marsupials were found with claw wounds). But by far the strangest trait the Colossal Pangolin possesses is the mane of scaly fur found only on the backs of males. The males use this \"mane\" to attract females during the breeding season, the males with the most impressive rows of hair often get the females. However, using their powerful claws as weapons, males more often than not often get into fights with one another, their brains drenched in testosterone. Since the 1930s, the Colossal Pangolin has become a popular attraction in zoos, primarily due to its easy care needs. However, less experienced keepers have often been injured and even killed by captive specimens. Conservation for these creatures, like all species of pangolin, is very important due to many of these beasts being hunted for food when the Japanese Empire occupied Skull Island during World War II. Author's Note: The Colossal Pangolin (Manis pilosomimus) is a reimagining of the Stegosaurus seen in the original 1933 King Kong , the male's dorsal mane being inspired by a stegosaur's back plates.[Chapter 13] Plains Mihirung ( Neodromornis adansophagus ) Mihirungs, Demon ducks, Thunder birds; the gargantuan flightless birds that make up the family Dromornithidae, whatever name one may attach to them, are universally perceived as quite formidable beasts. Living in Australia for over 25 million years until their demise at the hands of Ice Age humans, these birds, for the longest time, were as mysterious as they are magnificent. Many paleontologists speculated about the ecology of these animals, debating whether or not they were carnivores or herbivores and whether or not they were struthioniformes (ratites) or anserimorphs (ducks, geese, screamers, and the extinct Gastornis ). However, with the discovery of Skull Island, all of these questions have been answered with after the last-living member of this primarily extinct family was found living in its grasslands, the Plains Mihirung ( Neodromornis adansophagus ). Observation of the Plains Mihirung has been a great help in shedding light on Dromornithid behavior and taxonomy. This grey-feathered animal is the largest living bird, as tall as a standing Grizzly Bear and twice as heavy as an ostrich. It uses its hoof-like claws and long legs to be able to swiftly traverse the grasslands, running up to speeds of 35 mph. It uses its powerful beak to crush the tough shells of many fruits native to Skull Island, the fruits of the island's nine native species baobab tree are especially prized (hence its species name). Also, close genetic analysis of this monstrous bird confirms that it is a closer relative to ducks and geese than to ratites. Despite being staunch vegetarians, Plains Mihirungs are extremely aggressive, using their powerful beak and hoof-like talons to injure and even kill any potential predators that may wander too close to their nests (mothers with eggs/chicks are extremely dangerous). During breeding season, a female Mihirung lays up to four eggs a year, however usually only three survive primarily due to predation. Males and females also breed for life, raising a new brood each and every year. During the Japanese occupation of Skull Island in the 1940s, Plains Mihirungs were relentlessly hunted for their meat and eggs. This overhunting has caused them, as well as most of Skull Island's grassland-dwelling megafauna, to become endangered today, which is why zoos from all over the world have been keen on breeding these birds. So far, as of 1971, these breeding programs have been quite successful, with over ten captive hatchings taking place worldwide. Author's Note: The Plains Mihirung is loosely based on the Brutornis, a flightless, carnivorous bird that appears in the book The World of Kong: A Natural History of Skull Island , and was seen in a deleted scene for the 2005 remake of King Kong .[Chapter 14] Marsupial Jackal ( Thylacinus gigas) The thylacine ( Thylacinus cynocephalus ) is the largest extant marsupial predator in Australia. Despite its formerly miniscule range (being only found on the island of Tasmania for most of recent history), conservation efforts ensured a prosperous future for mainland Australian thylacines. These carnivorous mammals grow to the size of a large dog, and, despite carrying the boastful title of 'largest mammalian predator of Australia', pose little to no threat to humans. However, living in the humid grasslands of Skull Islands is a much larger (and by extension more threatening) relative of these marsupials, the Marsupial Jackal ( Thylacinus gigas ). The thylacine lineage is a surprisingly old one, with members of the genus Thylacinus dating back to the late Oligocene. As to be expected after viewing their rich fossil history, it makes sense for thylacines to have reached Skull Island when Miocene land bridges connected the landmass with mainland Australia, allowing the doglike, pouched flesh-eaters to travel there. The thylacines on the island have grown much bigger than their Australian ancestors (probably to exploit the large bounty of massive herbivores) resulting in today's Marsupial Jackal. The Marsupial Jackal is an imposing beast, with the largest reaching heights comparable to ostriches, their muscular limbs and powerful, gaping jaws adding to their terrifying and majestic appearance. This animal has become an ambush killer, using its striped pelt to blend in with the grass before pouncing on its victim (humans, both the native and non-native species, are not uncommon prey). A bone-crushing bite is delivered as the final blow to what would become the marsupial's next meal. Unlike their contemporaries, the killer kangaroos known as the Marsupial Dholes, Marsupial Jackals are not social hunters (true to their placental namesake being a solitary creature). However, as with many species of eagle, male and female thylacines mate for life, with some couples producing multiple generations. Usually the mother Marsupial Jackal raises one or two joeys at a time, providing milk and a pouch for shelter until the joeys reach six months of age. The young thylacines then begin to practice hunting by feeding on smaller creatures such as lizards, gondwanatheres, and birds before they move on to hunting larger beasts when they reach adolescence. Author's Note: The Marsupial Jackal is loosely based on the Lycaesaurus (a late-surviving gorgonopsid) of the book The World of Kong , the companion guide to the 2005 remake of King Kong .[Chapter 15] Hordeleaper ( Papiotarsus vulgaris ) Despite Skull Island's most famous endemic residents being simian primates (the Kong and the Skull Island humans respectively), the island, for the most part, is mostly deprived of primates despite its close proximity to landmasses that are rich in monkeys and/or apes. Most of the island's primates are of some sort of prosimian origin, with the endemic Robber Lemurs finding many nook and cranny niches throughout the island's rainforests, mangroves, and grasslands. However, the strangest primate of all native to the island is neither a lemur nor an ape, rather it is a peculiar creature known in the Native tongue as the Hordeleaper ( Papiotarsus vulgaris ). The Hordeleaper bears an uncanny resemblance the baboons of Africa's savannahs, with its dexterous hands, social behavior, and lanky limbs used for climbing and running. However, after one takes a closer look at this anomaly, one can see traits not seen in any monkey, namely the padded suctions at the end of their fingers, large eyes used to see in the dark, mostly carnivorous diet (sans a few fruits and leaves from their baobab homes), and superb jumping capabilities, and one realizes their true origin; the humble tarsier. Tarsiers have inhabited southeastern Asia since the middle Eocene, which makes sense why the ancestors of the Hordeleapers were some of the island's first major residents since its official formation. These small primates are well known for their powerful legs, hence their name, which allow them to jump to great heights and lengths, their massive eyes (which weigh more than their brains), their fully carnivorous diet, their flexible necks (which allow their heads to swivel 180 degrees), and their padded fingers used to grab tree branches with ease. Many of these traits can also be found in hordeleapers, albeit some like the head swiveling and all meat diets of their ancestors have been reduced. When it comes to how these ancestral traits translate to the cursorial hordeleapers, they translate surprisingly well. Hordeleapers, unlike baboons, are nocturnal, giving them great uses for their eyes and necks (they can swivel their necks up to 90 degrees). They are still fantastic jumpers, however they leap from tree to tree more similarly to monkeys rather than other tarsiers. Their diets, although more generalistic than their ancestors, still primarily consist of small animals (namely insects, lizards, bird eggs, gondwanatheres, and even juvenile Skull Island False Elk which they hunt for in groups). Hordeleapers, true to their name, live in large family groups consisting of a dominant male, several lesser males (usually his older children), and a harem of females with whom the dominant male mates with. An interesting behavior these plains-dwelling tarsiers possess that is not usually found in baboons is the art of cooperative hunting, which can cause these normally harmless primates to become surprisingly deadly. Despite their ferocious cooperative hunting strategies, they do not see humans as prey, however, many attacks (and to a lesser extent injuries and deaths) have occurred when humans accidentally stumbled upon a troop's baobab home, which the cursorial prosimians defend with upmost ferocity, out of fear that their young will be endangered. Author's Note: The Hordeleapers are loosely derived from the Death Jackals (pack hunting, semi-bipedal doglike reptiles) featured in Skull Island: The Birth of Kong , a supplementary comic series to the 2017 film Kong Skull Island .[Chapter 16] Skull Island False Elk ( Dama necroinsulus ) When the casual visitor to Skull Island first imagines the place, he or she would usually imagine witnessing the island's numerous bizarre, charismatic, and often lethal fauna, paying little to no heed to some that are seemingly more mundane. One such beast that many a sensationalist island tour guide unfortunately glosses over is the Skull Island False Elk ( Dama necroinsulus ), which is a colossal (for cervid standards at least) descendant of the humble Fallow Deer ( Dama dama ) of mainland Asia. But despite this animal's apparent \"ordinariness\", as with all organisms, one must look closer to find this deer's unique and intriguing traits. When it comes to studying this massive deer, a key point of direction would be its evolutionary history. Like several animals native to modern day Skull Island, the Indian ancestors of the Skull Island False Elk stumbled upon an alien world once land bridges connecting the two landmasses appeared and disappeared throughout the Pleistocene. These cervids, along with many other even-hoofed immigrants, then became an invasive species (ironically mimicking the many artificially introduced Fallow Deer populations found across Argentina and the British Isles), driving multiple species of ancient rhinoceroses, mihirungs, and megafaunal gondwanatheres that once feasted on the islands bounty of grasses to extinction, their food source now being regularly cut by the descendants of these invaders. With much of their competition either deceased or simply undergoing a diet change, these once medium-sized deer grew much larger, reaching similar size proportions to the American Elk ( Cervus canadensis ), hence the beast's common English name the Skull Island False Elk. Despite the Skull Island False Elk's nomenclature, the similarities between the two deer only relate to size. Unlike their American namesake, this deer retains its brownish-tan fur with small, white spots used to differentiate members of the herd. The males' antlers also do not branch out as much as a real elk, instead keeping its ancestors' velvety, footprint-shaped head protrusions, which are lost and regrown annually. However, one arguable \"half-truth\" similarity between the two beasts could be that both males produce a loud sound during the breeding season, with the American Elk producing its signature \"bugle\" and the False Elk producing a louder version of its ancestor's low, grumbling bellow. Author's Note: the Skull Island False Elk is based on a fictional species of hadrosaur from the 2005 remake of King Kong known as Ligocristus . Much like many hadrosaurs, deer often produce odd sounds and live in massive herds.[Chapter 17] Pinnatono ( Dracodromaius magnoliphagus ) At first glance the Pinnatono ( Dracodromaius magnoliphagus ) is nothing special, just a familiar-looking bird that is a common sight when exploring the grasslands of Skull Island. But looks can be deceiving, and to anyone who has seen this animal in person (such as the Natives) or has studied it thoroughly, this is one of the island's most bizarre avian residents. This seemingly mundane fowl holds an unpleasant secret; its ability to fend off foes by regurgitating. Normally when faced with a would-be predator (such as a Marsupial Jackal or a lone Marsupial Dhole), this larger relative of Australia's Emu ( Dromaius novaehollandiae ) would either run away or use its powerful legs and sharp talons to ward off its attacker. But if cornered, this ill-tempered ratite has another, less elegant, defense tactic. This bird feasts on many species of bush found across the plains, but one species in particular is the Pinnatono's favorite; the Firecracker Berry ( Pyromagnolia necroinsulus ). Descended from relatives of the Tasmanian Mountain Pepper ( Tasmannia lanceolate ), this fruit is known for its extremely spicy flesh and juice that, if in contact with an eye or another sensitive body part, can cause a burning sensation. The Pinnatono is one of only a handful of animals that actively pursues this bush, its fruits and leaves making up a quarter of the beast's diet. When running or kicking is not an option, the bird regurgitates its spicy stomach contents (projectile vomiting is rare, but still apparent in many birds) at its adversary, aiming mainly for the eyes to cause massive amounts of irritation. In fact, the name Pinnatono is a corruption of the animal's native name, which roughly translates to \"flame-belcher\". The evolutionary origin of the Pinnatono is another surprising characteristic it has. Despite being one of Australia's most familiar native residents, emus are, in fact, a somewhat ancient species, with the first members of the genus Dromaius appearing during the early Miocene epoch. Like many Skull Island beasts of Australian origins, they came to the Haiti-sized landmass via a small land bridge connected to Australia. The ancestors of the Pinnatono grew in size and evolved a stomach used to tolerate some of the less-than-favorable flora that was avoided by most mammals. Author's Note: The Pinnatono is roughly the same as the similarly named bird featured in The World of Kong, A Natural History of Skull Island , with the only notable difference being its scientific name.[Chapter 18] Freshwater Ecosystems: Rivers and the Lake of Teeth If one could compare Skull Island to the human form, water could be seen as a metaphorical bloodstream. The island is covered by many large rivers, which then branch into many smaller waterways and swamps that cut through denser areas of land. Some of the widest rivers cut through the central mountain range, forming massive chasms and caves whose unique fauna and flora are nearly isolated from the outside world. Nearly all of these \"blood vessels\" flow to and from the island's heart, the infamous Lake of Teeth, a gargantuan body of water home to many of the island's deadliest aquatic hunters. Many of the largest rivers on the island are estuaries that either feed in from the northern mangrove swamps or the rocky shores of the south. As a result, many primarily saltwater and/or brackish water creatures (such as skullcrawlers and brackish octopi) often make their way along these estuaries, eventually coming into contact with fresher water. In fact, many of these animals utilize this migratory behavior (the aforementioned octopus being a staple example) as part of their yearly lifestyle, being able to exploit both types of aquatic ecosystems. With this being said though, the freshwater ecosystems of Skull Island have a wide variety of odd animals found nowhere else in the world. A colorful cast of fish, arthropods, mollusks, worms, amphibians, and other beasts associated with aquatic habitats can be found in the island's rivers, swamps, creeks, and lakes. These waterways also support a large variety of specialized aquatic reptiles, birds and mammals who would not be able to survive without their watery homes.[Chapter 19] Pouched River Giant ( Hydroprotodon ferox ) From the late Oligocene to the end of the Pleistocene, Australia was home to a family of marsupials known as the Diprotodontidae, which consisted of several species of large, herbivorous mammals closely related to modern day wombats and koalas. These \"mega-wombats\" were Australia's equivalent to the rhinos, of Africa and Asia, using their well-equipped teeth to feed on all kinds of vegetation growing in Australia's scrublands. This dynasty of herbivores ended with the largest of their kind, Diprotodon opatum , being driven to extinction by the arrival of humans in Australia during the last ice age. Though these magnificent marsupials can no longer be found in Australia, a few members of this family do survive today on Skull Island, the most bizarre of them all being the Pouched River Giant ( Hydroprotodon ferox ). This behemoth of a marsupial can grow as up to 5.2 meters long and can weigh as much as a ton (similar to the hippopotamus of Africa). Also, much like hippos, these marsupials are amphibious, using their blubber to keep them buoyant as they search for food and territory in the rivers and lakes of Skull Island. In fact, an important adaptation that the mother River Giant has is a protective fold of skin and fat that can protect the developing joey within the pouch from water, similar to the Neotropical Water Opossum. This beast is a nondiscriminatory herbivore, feeding on grass, aquatic plants, bushes, fallen fruits, and even tree bark which they can make short work of with their powerful teeth. The Pouched River Giant is a territorial and aggressive animal, charging at anything that comes into its territory. Although, they do get along with many smaller animals, usually birds that clean the marsupial of parasites. These creatures live in small, matriarchal herds of up to four breeding females and their joeys, males, on the other hand, usually live alone but are tolerated by females even when it is not breeding season. Bigfin Wasteworker ( Faecesicthys necroinsulus ) Mudskippers are often cited as anomalies among fish, and it's not hard to see why. Their ability to survive on land (and even climb trees) for long periods of time harken back to the days of the Devonian period, when the first tetrapods began crawling out of the ocean with their modified pectoral fins. But on Skull Island, there is one mudskipper that is stranger than all of the rest, the Bigfin Wasteworker ( Faecesicthys necroinsulus ). At first glance, this fish seems to share much of the same traits its relatives from other parts of Tropical Asia have (breathing through their skin, powerful pectoral fins used for land-based locomotion, digging burrows, etc), but the one thing that separates this odd fish from other mudskippers is the main staple of its diet; animal feces. The Bigfin Wasteworker gets its name from the relationship it has with large, amphibious megafauna (most commonly the Pouched River Giant), in which it feeds on the waste of the animals it lives around. As a result, this mudskipper is much more omnivorous than most others, being able to feed on both plants and animal (usually in predigested form). This behavior mirrors that of tilapia, a group of fish from the freshwater regions of Africa which often times feed on the feces of hippopotamuses and other herbivores. Author's Note: The mutualistic relationship between the Pouched Water Giant and the Bigfin Wasteworker are based on the relationship between the Malamagnus (a dinocephalian synapsid) and the Dirt Turtle from The World of Kong, A Natural History of Skull Island .[Chapter 20] Pseudoconda ( Megacandoia pseudoconda ) A common misconception regarding the difference between pythons and boas is that pythons are from the Old World and that boas are supposedly endemic to the New World. This is partially untrue (all pythons are native to the Old World) because there are many species of boa found in central Africa, Madagascar, Melanesia, and (the focus of this entry) Skull Island. Despite Skull Island being one of the world's leading examples of a biodiversity hotspot, snakes are, unfortunately, very poor in supply. Most snakes found on the main island (about a ¾ ratio) are boas with the rest usually being Old World colubrids or the occasional python. The only venomous snakes found in the region are found on Tiger Island (sans one example). However, despite the lack of variety of Skull Island serpents, there is one very charismatic example that is well-known across the world; the aptly named Pseudoconda ( Megacandoia pseudoconda ). The Pseudoconda is a large boa that rivals the Neotropical Green Anaconda ( Eunectes murinus ) in its shape, size, length, and behavior patterns (hence its name). Like its American counterpart, it is a superb swimmer, making a home out of Skull Island's menagerie of rivers, streams, springs, and lakes. Their amphibious locomotion also helps them with hunting as, much like a crocodile, it watches its prey, usually consisting of fish, amphibians, birds, and medium to large mammals and reptiles, waiting for it to approach the riverbank to drink. Then, the reptilian beast clamps its powerful, double-hinged jaws around its victim's throat, constricting it and cutting off air and circulation before swallowing it whole. Like other boas, the Pseudoconda is ovoviviparous, in which they give birth to \"live young\". During mating, the male uses its vestigial leg spurs (a trait commonly found in many large constrictors) to grab hold of the female. A total of 20-30 offspring are born although, due to the lack of parental care, many fall prey to other animals. This leviathan of a serpent has become one of Skull Island's most recognizable animals, probably due to it being a very prominent case of convergent evolution. It is very easy to keep in captivity (like many giant constrictors) and is sometimes sold as a pet (although due to their aquatic nature and large size it is not encouraged). Author's Note : The Pseudoconda is loosely based on the serpentine plesiosaur-like monster (labeled as an \"Elasmosaurus\") in the original 1933 King Kong movie.[Chapter 21] Iguanatee ( Sirenosaurus necroinsulus ) Today, lizards come in all matter of shapes and sizes. From the smallest geckos and chameleons, to the biggest iguanas and varanids, these scaly creatures have inhabited this planet since the middle Jurassic period, evolving into a myriad of strange and charismatic forms. Despite its overall low diversity of one group of these squamates (snakes), Skull Island is home to a variety of different lizards, the absolute strangest of them all perhaps being the semi-appropriately named Iguanatee ( Sirenosaurus necroinsulus ). For the longest time, the Iguanatee has been a genetic conundrum, with many zoologists having a hard time classifying this odd reptile. It wasn't until 1968 when this mystery was solved, when genetic analysis and the uncovering of 41 million year old fossils in many parts of Southeast Asia show that this animal is an agamid, a group of reptiles that also consist of the North African Uromastyx, the closest living relative of the Iguanatee. With the benefit of hindsight, it is not hard to see why such seemingly different animals are so closely related, especially in terms of their appearance and diet. The Iguanatee is a massive animal, with an average adult weighing up to 500 kg and having a length of 4.5 meters long. This lizard is a perfect example of convergent evolution, particularly with sirenians (manatees and dugongs). Both groups are strictly herbivorous, feeding on aquatic plants and algae, both are covered in thick skin and blubber used for buoyancy and defense, and both have very wide, powerful tails used to swiftly and gracefully propel their massive bodies through the water. Adult Iguanatees have virtually no natural predators (excluding the occasional Skullcrawler or Bearcroc), with their bulk and speed keeping any potential hunters at bay, allowing them to survive in one of Skull Island's most hostile environments; the Lake of Teeth. Despite the scientific community now knowing about the origins of this bizarre beast, there is still the mystery of why a large, herbivorous lizard would take to a fully aquatic, viviparous lifestyle. What many scientists have proposed was that giant vegetarian agamids arrived on Skull Island during the early Oligocene, taking to the water to escape the Crocodile Lizards and large birds that prowled the island at the time. A perk of this lifestyle was the ability to hold their breaths for a long time in search of a very abundant food source; aquatic plants. Since then, these agamids stopped laying eggs, instead giving birth to live young underwater, swimming to secluded freshwater lagoons in the jungle to give birth and raise their young until they reach adolescence. These days, the Iguanatee has become one of the island's most popular native animals. Many tourists arrive during the summer to go to their secluded \"birthing lagoons\" in order to swim with them once their done protecting their young. They have become popular zoo and aquarium attractions, with some facilities allowing guests to swim with and interact with these gentle giants year round. Author's Note: The Iguanatee is loosely based on the carnivorous Udusaur from The World of Kong: A Natural History of Skull Island . Their carnivorous diet was replaced in order to maintain a carnivore/herbivore balance in Skull Island's freshwater habitats, but the overall size, sociality, and body shape was kept the same.[Chapter 22] Boto Lizard ( Iniamimus encantadus ) Of all the squamates (lizards and snakes) that have inhabited this planet for millions of years, none have been as large or as awe-inspiring as the mosasaurs. Mosasaurs were an extinct group of lizards closely related to today's varanids that adapted to a fully aquatic lifestyle, quickly becoming some of the most feared killers in the Cretaceous seas. These \"Mesozoic Dolphins\" were fast, warm-blooded, viviparous predators, using their sharp teeth, speed, and intelligence to outswim and feast upon the large bounty of fish, squid, sharks, and other marine reptiles that lurked in the Cretaceous oceans. Unfortunately, like many dynasties, mosasaurs went extinct 66 million years ago during the K/Pg mass extinction event alongside nonavian dinosaurs, pterosaurs, ammonites, plesiosaurs, and numerous other animals; or did they? Despite Skull Island receiving most of its fantastical fauna and flora during different epochs of the Cenozoic, there are some organisms that have existed here since its infancy during the Cretaceous. One such animal is the Boto Lizard ( Iniamimus encantadus ), the last mosasaur on Earth. This large reptile retains many traits its Mesozoic ancestors had, such as its viviparous reproduction habits, its two sets of teeth used for grabbing slippery fish, a tail fluke used for propelling itself in the water, and a thick layer of fat for buoyancy. However, much like the river dolphins of the Amazon, Mekong, and Ganges rivers, it has its own set of traits perfect for freshwater life, chief among these traits being its coloration (a gray dorsal side and a reddish-pink ventral side) used to blend in with the river. Out of all of Skull Island's native fauna, none has puzzled scientists more so than the Boto Lizard regarding its origin. The current theory is that sometime after the island's formation in the Late Cretaceous, a group of mosasaurs became stranded in the young Mesozoic estuaries. The sea lizards then became adapted to these conditions, their body plans and feeding behaviors adapting to this freshwater environments. One significant change being their size as the current Boto Lizard can only grow as long as a modern Amazon River Dolphin (hence its namesake), compared to the giants of the Late Cretaceous. Nevertheless, these intelligent marine reptiles managed to do well here, becoming some of the most feared predators of the rivers and lakes (the Lake of Teeth housing the island's largest population of these surprisingly social animals). Today, Boto Lizards, due to their ancient heritage, have become an iconic resident of Skull Island. These creatures, although difficult to breed in captivity, have been featured in a handful of collections over the decades. One famous example, a very friendly male named Pete, is a resident of the New York Aquarium and has even been taught a few simple tricks that some captive cetaceans can do. Author's Note: The Boto Lizard was inspired by theTurturcassis, a plesiosaur-like aquatic lizard from The World of Kong: A Natural History of Skull Island . The captive specimen \"Pete\" was named after Peter Jackson, the director of the 2005 remake of King Kong .[Chapter 23] Skull Island Giant Softshell Turtle ( Pelochelys necroinsulus ) Testudines (better known as turtles) are one of the most diverse orders of tetrapods alive today, with many members having their own unique and bizarre traits. One particularly odd family are the softshell turtles, which are characterized by their flat, leathery shells (hence their name) which lack the protective scutes found on the carapaces of other testudines. This one family includes members found in Africa, North America, and Asia, where they come in a variety of sizes, from your typical aquatic turtle size to some that are absolute giants. One such massive softshell can be found along the riverbanks of Skull Island, the aptly-named Skull Island Giant Softshell Turtle ( Pelochelys necroinsulus ). The Skull Island Giant Softshell Turtle definitely lives up to its name, holding the title as the largest freshwater turtle in the world. This behemoth of a reptile boasts an impressive length of 2.6 meters and a total weight of 280 kg. Like many softshells, it is a territorial and voracious carnivore, with its large size allowing it to take down small to medium-sized fish, reptiles, birds, and mammals (including the children of both the native and non-native human species). This turtle is an effective ambush killer, using its dark coloration and algae-caked carapace to avoid being seen by prey and predator alike. When hunting land-based prey, this turtle waits at the bottom of a river or swamp, before swiftly clamping its sharp beak on an unsuspecting victim. Children of the Skull Island people ( Homo necroinsulus ) are told by their elders to avoid going near the edge of any large body of water because these reptiles pose such a threat. Just like many other softshells, Skull Island's also has key characteristics shared by others of its family. Its flexible and soft carapace may initially seem like a detriment (it's not the best method of protection), but it allows this creature to swim and even run on land at a faster pace than most turtles. It has many adaptations for breathing while submerged, chiefly its long snout at the end of its beak and the pores around the edges of its mouth and cloaca which are used to extract oxygen even when completely underwater. Also, despite its lack of horny scutes on its shell, it uses its large size, speed and its sharp, flesh-slicing beak to effectively defend itself from predators. As evidenced by its genus name, the Skull Island Giant Softshell Turtle is closely related to the giant softshells found in other parts of Southeast Asia. It seems to have diverged from its Papuan ancestors around 3 million years ago, when members of the Papua New Guinea species rafted to Skull Island on giant masses of vegetation. Soon afterwards, it grew even bigger than its already massive ancestors, becoming one of the most feared killers in the island's waterways, with a large population of them being found in the heart of the island, the foreboding Lake of Teeth. Author's Note: The Skull Island Giant Softshell Turtle was inspired by the Sirenjaw, a crocodilian kaiju with vegetation growing on its back featured in the comic Skull Island: The Birth of Kong . The jaws of the creature featured in the comic are more similar to a turtle's beak (minus the teeth) than that of a crocodile, being wide, robust, and very sharp.[Chapter 24] Draconic Arowana ( Megascleropages ferox ) Arowanas (family name; Osteoglossidae) are a group of primitive freshwater fish with a history dating as far back as the Cretaceous period. These fish are characterized by their elongated bodies, heavy scales, and a bony tooth-like structure at the base of their tongues. Today, these ancient creatures can be found in South America, Africa, Australia, and Southeast Asia. Skull Island has just one species of these curious fish, the Draconic Arowana (Megascleropages ferox). Even though many species of arowanas can get fairly large (including many Asian species), the Draconic Arowana is the largest of its kind, with a total length of 2.15 meters and weighing up to 136 kg. This carnivorous beast's large size allows it to hunt prey that other tropical Asian arowanas cannot, such as birds, larger fish, turtles, snakes, and small to medium-sized mammals (including, but very rarely, humans). How this animal hunts depends on its target; with terrestrial prey (such as birds and mammals) being the victims of ambush attacks (similar to crocodiles), and aquatic prey being chased down by this surprisingly efficient endurance swimmer. The \"Draconic\" part of its name is due to its ferocity combined with its appearance to Chinese dragons (hence why arowanas as a whole are sometimes referred to as \"dragonfishes\"). As one could tell by the origin of its genus name (with the prefix \"mega\" being added to this particular species), the Draconic Arowana has its evolutionary origins with smaller Australasian arowanas. However, at the moment, it is still unknown whether this species descended from a Southeast Asian stock or an Australian stock. Nevertheless, its ancestry can be traced back to other parts of the Indo-Pacific. This species is the only species of arowana native to Skull Island (smaller fossil specimens have been found, but they usually turn out to be direct ancestors of the Draconic Arowana or species that have been outcompeted by other fish). Like others of its family, the Draconic Arowana is a dedicated air breather, surfacing to gulp oxygen and transferring it to its swim bladder, a behavior seen in many carnivorous freshwater fish (like the Neotropical arapaimas). Females lay up to 40-90 eggs at a time in the male's mouth (a practice called mouthbrooding), keeping the developing larvae safe from predators. These large fish reach sexual maturity at 4 years of age, though the population of giant fishes is kept down due to many not surviving shortly after maturation. Due to its large size and predatory nature, the Draconic Arowana has gained a beastly reputation with the endemic human species of Skull Island, with their mythology painting them as demons that must be fed the remains of kills so that they cannon attack young children (a reputation shared with the Skull Island Giant Softshell Turtle). Outside of Skull Island, much like other arowanas, it is a popular aquarium fish, with its large size and ferocity attracting many patrons (similar to arapaimas and Wels Catfish). Unfortunately, this fish is also prized by illegal wildlife markets, being sold for meat and the exotic pet trade in mainland Asia. On a brighter note, many aquarium specimens are actually rescues from these illegal businesses, as they usually cannot be returned back to the wild. Author's Note: The Draconic Arowana is based on the Piranhadon from The World of Kong: A Speculative History of Skull Island , a strange, carnivorous Devonian fish that exhibits behaviors such as coming onto land and giving birth to live young. While the former is obviously not uncommon in some fishes, the latter is almost impossible in bony fish.[Chapter 25] Aquaroo ( Ornitherium amphibius ) When it comes to Skull Island's native mammals, none seem to be quite as strange as its resident macropod marsupials. While Australia and Papua New Guinea are already home to a wide selection of different macropods, most (aside from the jungle-dwelling tree kangaroos) tend to have very similar traits; chiefly large, hind paws used for jumping, a sloping tail for balance, and a herbivorous diet. Skull Island, on the other hand, is home to a very different cast of macropods (discounting Tiger Island's native tree kangaroos); the primarily carnivorous ornitheres. This bizarre group of marsupials is best represented by the hypercarnivorous Marsupial Dhole, but this island is home to several more members that descended from the same population of Miocene omnivorous kangaroos that brought us the Marsupial Dholes, the subject of this journal entry being one of them; the Aquaroo (Ornitherium amphibius). On the surface, there doesn't seem to be much of a difference between the Aquaroo and the Marsupial Dhole other than the smaller size. However, a closer look at this strange mammal shows its unique adaptations. Judging by its species name, the Aquaroo is semiaquatic, with sharp-clawed front paws for grasping slippery meals, flattened, webbed hind paws for swimming above water, a very short tail to reduce underwater drag, and a thin, elongated snout filled with sharp, needle-like teeth used for catching fish. In fact, much like other ornitheres (translated roughly to \"bird beasts\"), the anatomy and behavior of this odd kangaroo is a case of convergent evolution with piscivorous birds (as evidenced by its posture, diet, and locomotion). Unlike their larger grassland cousins, aquaroos do not see other large, terrestrial animals as food. Although, when threatened by a terrestrial predator, they will diligently fight back using its sharp claws and teeth, which can potentially cause severe blood loss if the wound is untreated. While swimming, this marsupial, unfortunately, cannot fight back against submerged hunters, thus forcing to use its powerful legs to swim away as fast as possible to dry land. Typical prey items of the aquaroo consist of small fish, aquatic reptiles, juvenile brackish octopuses, small mammals, amphibians, invertebrates (especially worms and insects), and (rarely) the eggs of ground-nesting birds. As with all macropods, female aquaroos have foreward-facing pouches used for raising tiny, bean-sized joeys until they are roughly three months old. Once a joey reaches this age, it will live with its parents (adults mate for life) until it reaches sexual maturity, in which it will put the survival skills it learns from its parents to good use. Although female aquaroos usually give birth to a single joey at a time, occurrences of twins are not uncommon. Twins regularly fight each other, but, in order to keep them from accidentally killing one another, the parents use their high intelligence to prevent further conflicts. Author's Note: The aquaroo is based on the Ambulaquasaurus from The World of Kong: A Speculative History of Skull Island . It is a piscivorous dromaeosaur-like dinosaur said to be related to the Venatosaurus from the same book.[Chapter 26] Skull Island Fur Seal ( Nanotarius necroinsulus ) Pinnipeds are among the most successful carnivorans, with their claim to fame being their marine lifestyle. Today, this group of mammals (descended from bears) consists of walruses, true seals, and eared seals. The animal that is the focus of this entry is a member of the eared seal family (Otariidae), which consists of the sea lions and the fur seals. Many species of eared seal are well-known for their intelligence, social structure, playfulness, and ability to walk surprisingly well on land (unlike true seals which can only slide or bounce). But by far the oddest eared seal is a native of Skull Island's freshwater ecosystems; the Skull Island Fur Seal (Nanotarius necroinsulus). The first thing about the Skull Island Fur Seal that stands out is its preference to freshwater rivers and lakes over marine biomes. Although it is bizarre, freshwater pinnipeds are not unheard of elsewhere (such as a species of true seal found only in Lake Baikal in Russia). But what truly makes this fur seal strange is not its choice of habitat, rather it is its anatomy and behavior that really makes it stand out. This fur seal is much smaller than others (a case of island dwarfism), with juvenile proportions occurring well into adulthood (a phenomenon known as neoteny). This carnivore has even stranger behaviors, being more similar to many otters than to seals or sea lions. Skull Island fur seals live in small to medium-sized groups, using cooperative pack hunting to take down larger animals. In fact, these seals have even been known to hunt fully grown Pseudocondas, Draconic Arowanas, Skull Island Giant Softshell Turtles, and many other large river predators (a behavior not uncommonly seen in the giant otters that prowl the Amazon Rainforest). However, despite their ferocity and ravenous appetites, they still need to be aware of land predators, which often go after their pups. Unlike most pinnipeds whose social groups usually consist of a dominant male (called a beachmaster) and his harem of females, Skull Island Fur Seals have a very unique social structure. Instead of there being one dominant male, pods consist of 3-4 males which go out hunting while 8-10 females bask along the banks of the jungle rivers, raising pups and protecting their territory from rival pods or predators. To avoid interbreeding within pods, male seals each have their own unique scent, which is secreted by special glands near the anus and passed down to their offspring. Skull Island Fur Seals have done fairly well in captivity, with more than 40 individual zoological facilities keeping them in their collections. Many of these zoo/aquarium specimens are either descendants from a wild-caught stock from 1948 or rescues from the illegal pet, meat and fur trade. These small pinnipeds are popular with guests, usually demonstrating their power, agility, and intelligence through keeper-led activities. Author's Note: Skull Island Fur Seals are very different from their generic counterparts from The World of Kong , having a lifestyle similar to the Amazonian Giant Otter.[Chapter 27] Bog Viper ( Hydrovipera ferox ) Though Skull Island has gained a reputation for being one of the most biodiverse places in the world, the overall population of snake genera is not as diverse. Apart from its collection of ancient boas and madtsoiids, most of the snakes on Skull Island are pythons, colubrids, and elapids (which are only found on Tiger Island). Strangely, the island is home to a relative lack of vipers, except one, the Bog Viper ( Hydrovipera ferox ). The 180 cm long Bog Viper is the only species of venomous snake found on Skull Island proper (Tiger Island has a few populations of sea kraits and endemic cobras), making it unique among its neighbors. Scientists hypothesize that the reason why venomous snakes are only represented by one species on the island is due to the large centipedes that prowl the treetops of the rainforest, their bites having toxicity on par with many highly-venomous snakes. The ancestors of the Bog Viper were probably arboreal (hence its genetic similarities with the Asian Pit Viper), but they traveled to the ground to avoid competition with the centipedes (though they are still good climbers, as demonstrated by multiple skittish captive specimens). As a result of this grounded lifestyle, these vipers became excellent at swimming and hiding (a case of convergent evolution with the cottonmouths of the southern United States), their dark camouflage allowing them to seem almost invisible amongst the black water swamps that dot the tropical forests of the island. This camouflage is useful for both hunting prey and avoiding predators, which may be another reason why they are the only venomous snakes on the main island despite all odds. When it comes to the potency of the Bog Viper's venom, it is surprisingly deadly, with toxicity levels comparable to the infamous Bushmaster of Central America. Their primary diet of fish, frogs, and other aquatic animals could be the reason for their lethal venom and somewhat aggressive nature, as highly-potent toxins is crucial when hunting fast-swimming prey. Fortunately, like many land-dwelling venomous snakes, antivenom has been developed and has even been distributed to the native humans of the island, so snakebites aren't that much of a concern. But by far the most interesting fact about the Bog Viper is its bizarre relationship with the Goliath Mosquito ( Ophiculex gigas ). The female flies often intentionally lay their eggs in still, swampy pools near the territory of vipers (which are usually characterized by the abundance of rotting logs or shady vegetation for the reptiles to hide in). The reason why these bloodsucking insects specifically raise their young near the nesting sites of vipers is so that their eggs/larvae aren't devoured by small fish and frogs that the snakes prey on. Even though earlier studies labeled this relationship as a case of commensalism (one organism benefits while the other is neither helped nor harmed), recent studies have shed a much more mutualistic light on this odd couple (the vegetarian mosquitoes mimic biting flies, which scare away large animals which could harm the snake). Goliath Mosquito ( Ophiculex gigas ) When it comes to insects, none seem to be as maligned as mosquitoes. The hematophagous habits of female mosquitoes have saddled these flies with a reputation that ranges from annoying to downright deadly. Understandably, their association with disease comes from the fact that they are the most common vectors for some of the deadliest diseases known to the human race (namely Yellow Fever, Malaria, and West Nile Virus). Though this reputation is justified (medicinal advances are absolutely crucial for stopping further deaths at the hands of these diseases), many people fail to realize that mosquitoes still play important roles in their ecosystems (male mosquitoes are excellent pollinators and mosquitoes as a whole are important sources of food for bats, larger insects, and carnivorous plants). Most mosquitoes do not grow that large, but there is one species that is an exception to the rule, the Skull Island endemic appropriately called the Goliath Mosquito ( Ophiculex gigas ). The Goliath Mosquito, true to its common name, is the largest species of mosquito, with a wingspan of 19 mm and a body length of 26 mm. Due to their size, a diet of blood is not suitable for mothers and their larvae (despite evolving from ectoparasitic ancestors as told by genetic studies), prompting these flies to develop an mostly herbivorous lifestyle, in which the adults feed on carbohydrate-rich plant juices and saps, and the larvae feed on the larvae of smaller, parasitic mosquitoes. This mostly vegetarian diet that both sexes demonstrate is an example of convergent evolution with \"elephant mosquitoes\" (genus Toxorhynchites ), which have similar feeding behaviors. Like other mosquitoes, the Goliath Mosquito's larvae is aquatic, surviving well in still bodies of water such as ponds, swamps, and small lakes. As stated above in the entry about the Bog Viper ( Hydrovipera ferox ), female Goliath Mosquitoes are known for laying their eggs near the territories (especially the nesting sites) of these deadly snakes. The aforementioned mutualism theory that is supported by many zoologists states that, rather than being commensalistic, the relationship between the flies and the snakes is actually mutual because the snakes feed on potential predators of mosquito larvae, and the mosquito's color patterns mimic those of their parasitic cousins, discouraging larger animals from accidentally disturbing the reptiles' nesting sites. This hypothesis has gained lots of traction over the years ever since genetic studies showed that the Goliath Mosquito evolved from a parasitic ancestor, thus explaining why these gentle giants still sport these threatening color patterns (most mosquitoes that are endemic to Skull Island sport some kind of white and black coloration). Author's Note: Both the Bog Viper and the Goliath Mosquito are based on the respective larva and adult stages of the Swamp Locust, a giant, insectoid creature featured in the Legendary Comics series Skull Island: The Birth of Kong .[Chapter 28] Skull Island Wobbegong ( Eucrossorhinus paradoxus ) Much of what we have learned about the history of our planet and the organisms, living and extinct, comes from the presumed original home of life itself; the ocean. Even though many plants and animals eventually reached and colonized dry land, the ocean is still home to most of Earth's lifeforms today, some of which have changed relatively little. Sharks are among those organisms, for 430 million years, this group of cartilaginous fish have cemented their reputation as one of the ocean's most diverse and successful groups of predators, developing many methods of surviving in this inviting, yet equally hostile, blue world. Arguably one of the strangest of these magnificent creatures, the family of sharks that make up the wobbegongs ( Orectolobidae ), which are known for their ability to blend in with the sea floor whenever they are hunting or avoiding being hunted. But by far the oddest member of this already odd family of fish is the Skull Island Wobbegong ( Eucrossorhinus paradoxus ), one of the very few sharks in the world that can tolerate freshwater habitats. As evidenced by its genus name, the Skull Island Wobbegong is very closely related to the Tasseled Wobbegong ( Eucrossorhinus dasypogon ), which hides in the coral reefs of Papua New Guinea and northern Australia. Meanwhile, this shark is endemic to the main island's estuaries and freshwater rivers and lakes. Scientists presume that, not to long ago in prehistoric times, the Tasseled and Skull Island wobbegongs shared a common ancestor, one of which stayed in its marine environment, while the other followed food into Skull Island's mangrove swamps, eventually developing a tolerance to fresh water and further seeking out prey in more inland bodies of water. While freshwater tolerance is not anything new in sharks (such as the Bull and Crocodile Sharks), it is especially rare when one become fully adapted to life in freshwater ecosystems (the only other occurrences of this are the freshwater sharks of Southeast Asia, and the freshwater stingrays of South America). Despite its drastic change in habitat, the Skull Island Wobbegong still uses the same tricks its oceanic cousins use. Flattening its body along the bottom of a river or lake, the shark's mottled brown and olive-green hide makes it almost invisible. This master of disguise then wags its tail in order for it to resemble a small fish, enticing hungry prey to come closer. Game of choice for this 1.9 meter beast include lungfish, frogs, tetras, arowannas, aquatic worms, small mammals, snakes, and Brackish Octopuses. Like most other carpet sharks, the Skull Island Wobbegong is a solitary animal, only interacting with others of its kind when it is time to mate. When mating, the male uses its claspers (sex organs found in many sharks) to anchor itself to the female, afterwards, the two part ways. Females are ovoviviparous, which means that the eggs are still laid, but inside the mother. Author's Note: The Skull Island Wobbegong was inspired by two teleost fish featured in The World of Kong: A Natural History of Skull Island called the Sepulcro and the Papilio, which, like the shark, are portrayed as freshwater ambush hunters. ","Summary":" Author's Note: Now for most of my upcoming, unrelated stories, I will rarely, if ever, use author's"}]