[{"Movie":"Atomic Blonde","Title":"Beneath the Surface","Author":"Blackbird71","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12917385","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Beneath the Surface Lorraine's thoughts while she's taking her ice baths. She slides under the icy water. Her skin starts to numb. Her chest constricts. Her heart rate slows, and she wonders if this is what it feels like to die. Her lungs express discomfort and a longing for fresh air. She lets the stale air inside them slowly bubble out of her mouth, but she does not surface. This must be what it feels like, she decides. She cannot feel her toes, her fingers. She must look like Spyglass did in the canal, glassy-eyed, unmoving. I want to be dead , she thinks, without warning. She is suddenly acutely aware of how much her body wants to live. Her lungs scream for air. Black spots dot her vision. She sits up suddenly, gasping for breath. She pulls her knees into her chest and wraps her arms around the rim of the tub. She tilts her head back and takes deep, shaky breaths. I do not want to die , she thinks clearly. \"I do not want to die,\" she whispers aloud to give her words more emphasis, more truth. She still feels the truth of I want to be dead and it scares her more than she cares to admit. She steps out of the tub slowly. Her body is bruised, scarred, numb. She pours herself a glass of Stoli as she thinks of Delphine, of James, of how every person she ever deemed worthy of being close to her is now six feet deep. \"I do not want to die,\" she says aloud, \"but I want to be dead.\" Drop a review below if you enjoyed. ","Summary":" Beneath the Surface Lorraine's thoughts while she's taking her ice baths. She slides under the icy "},{"Movie":"Atomic Blonde","Title":"Assim Como Deve Ser","Author":"MsArtheart","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12716738","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Alt title: Hollywood Tonight A véia e enferrujada série \"Para bom entendedor, meio diálogo basta\" (É meu tipo de fic escrita \"somente em Diálogos\". Diferente do script/roteiro, são apenas diálogos.) Fic baseada logo após a morte de Spyglass e a traição de David Percival. Agora sou eu desacreditada da morte de Delphine! New Playlist [fora de ordem][incompleta]: Daryl Hall & John Oates - Out Of Touch, Michael Jackson - Hollywood Tonight , Madonna - La Isla Bonita , Kim Wilde - Kids In America, The Buggles - Video Killed the Radio Star [yep doce ironia essa três musicas né :v] , Ne-yo - Closer, Michael Jackson - Beat It, Pitty – Equalize, Poison - Every Rose Has Its Thorn , Rockwell - Somebody's Watching Me, Marina Lima songs ( Fulgás, Virgem, Pra Começar, Acontecimentos , No Escuro ), Paula Abdul - Straight Up, Desireless - Voyage, Voyage, Marisa Monte & Erasmo Carlos - Mais Um Na Multidão, Debbie Gibson - Lost In Your Eyes / Sinead O Connor - I Do Not Want What I Haven t Got [ Hey! Faz cara feia n ão! Essas letras são divinas, mas a melodia é chata pa p*rra~ ] , Duran Duran - All She Wants Is, Martika - Toy Soldiers, René & Angela - I'll Be Good [Sorry! Quando eu disse que Atomic Blonde é a melhor DLC do GTA Vice City EU FALEI PRA VALER haha~ eu me senti fazendo qualquer missão do GTA assistindo esse filme inteiro sZ amiright?] , Billy Idol - White Wedding , The B-52's - Private Idaho + Give Me Back My Man e muito mais ainda por vir~ Mesmo Esquema: Normal: Diálogo Negrito : Absolutamente nada rçrç \"Itálico\" : Pensamento / Ponto de Vista ~Ação~ : Literalmente, alguma ação ou expressão (porque usar ** em tudo é muito \"meh\") (Não usado dessa vez) *Onomatopéia*: Onomatopéia, duh. *ba dum tss* Well, time to get EMOTIONAL. Enjoy~ [I'll be good, good, good, good~] *~Record starts~* \" No exato momento que eu encontrei o transmissor UHF francês no meu sobretudo, alguém bateu na minha porta. Eu já estava injuriada por conta da... 'traição' de Percival (Como se eu estivesse realmente surpresa com essa virada de mesa que ele deu naquela altura do campeonato, uh). Presenciar Delphine no meu quarto de hotel apenas aumentou minha fúria sob Berlin. Eu estava cansada até o osso. Ainda assim...\" *~Record stops~* :::::: Flashback :::::: LORRAINE: Por que veio aqui? DELPHINE: Eu precisava te ver. LORRAINE: Já te falei mais de uma vez, é perigoso vir aqui sem eu saber. DELPHINE: E o quê, esperar milênios por seu contato? LORRAINE: […] … Sim. DELPHINE: É brincadeira, né? Tem que ser! ! LORRAINE: Nós escolhemos essa vida, Delphine. E ela termina de um jeito só. DELPHINE: Como se eu deixasse isso acontecer tão fácil! LORRAINE: Pelo maldito amor de Cristo, Delphine! Você não consegue ver as cicatrizes!? Esse olho roxo? Meu lábio cortado? DELPHINE: […] ...Me deixa ao menos cuidar dos seus ferimentos! LORRAINE: Você acabou se fazendo um alvo vindo aqui! ! Tsc... Você precisa sumir de Berlin. DELPHINE: Mas eu não quero te abandonar nessa guerra de espiões! LORRAINE: Ele armou pra nós! Você não entende? ? DELPHINE: Ele quem!? !? Lorraine! LORRAINE: PERCIVAL! ! ! ! ! DAVID PERCIVAL! ! Delphine, saia! SAIA! Pelo menos uma vez deixe eu proteger vo- - DELPHINE: EU NÃO PRECISO DA SUA- - STUPIDE SAUVEGARDE! ! Eu jogo esse jogo do meu jeito! ...Tch. Estou saindo já que você tanto quer que eu saia. *~Record starts~* \" Eu acertei a parede bem forte. Hoje em dia se eu mover minha mão esquerda minhas juntas ainda vão doer. ' Não é de minha vontade te ver morta! ' Eu gritei. Com certeza ela estava longe o suficiente para não ouvir minha súplica. Após a saída de Delphine eu invadi a toca de Percival. Ele não estava lá. Mas o receptor UHF francês estava. Se eu nunca provei do desespero antes, aquela foi a primeira vez. Eu senti a urgência de correr até a doce armadilha de Delphine mais uma vez. Ela necessitava ser salva. Se eu ao menos chegasse a tempo... A última coisa que vi foi o corpo de minha enamorada descartado no chão. Pela linha vermelha em sua garganta, parece que Percival não usou uma arma ou uma faca. Heh. Bless the Queen. Eu não verifiquei seu pulso. Eu só peguei o telefone e disquei meu terceiro número de emergência. Depois disso eu sentei no chão ao lado dela, quase derrotada. 'Não se atreva... Delphine...' eu sussurrei. Então me levantei mais uma vez. 'Ainda há um inferno de trabalho a ser feito,' falei a mim mesma. Nós dois sabemos o que aconteceu desde então.\" *~Record stops~* A/N: Espero que a minha PISTOLA!Lorraine não esteja tão OOC assim… Nem a minha CORAÇÃOPARTIDO!Delphine… Mas eu precisei fazer essa bomba atômica loira explodir, do contrário a Delphine não ia ter a coragem e muito menos a vontade de abandoná-la... Além do mais, creio que a Lorraine só não explodiu no filme porque ela tinha saído do quarto de hotel antes. Ela não esperou a Delphine falar, então não houve tempo pra avassaladora DR ;) Ah sim, ainda vai ter muito angst e DR pela frente! esse é só o começo desse twoshot hehe... Só deixa eu acalmar meu coração gay sapatônico primeiro!~ Aqui o bonus; o diálogo original dessa cena no filme: \"Why are you here? You need to leave Berlin.\" \"When I didn't hear from you, I got worried.\" \"How naive can you be? We chose this life, delphine. This only ends one way.\" \"What are you talking about?\" \"He set us both up. You have to leave while you can.\" Ah, mais uma coisa... Torço para que nada tenha ficado confuso, ou ambíguo... Minha proposta é que vocês, leitores, tenham conseguido imaginar as ações e reações dos personagens, os cenários e a atmosfera apenas lendo os diálogos entre eles. Espero que eu tenha tido sucesso nesse meu objetivo. (061017) / (061117) ","Summary":" Alt title: Hollywood Tonight A véia e enferrujada série \"Para bom entendedor, meio diálogo basta\""},{"Movie":"Atomic Blonde","Title":"Too Late","Author":"Hidden Heart 92","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12630333","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N- Hey guys, I went to see Atomic blonde and loved it! So here's my short little one shot, hope you like. As told from Lorraine's POV and her thoughts on finding Delphine dead. I own nothing, all rights go to their respective owners. TOO LATE LORRAINE'S POV I was too late. I can't get the image of Delphine's face out of my mind. Drink doesn't make it go away and neither does meaningless sex with women who look like her. Even men don't cut it for me me, I have tried everything. It seems that nothing will ever push her from my mind but then...maybe I like it that way. Maybe I like being tortured. Maybe I see it as a punishment for not being there to save her when she needed me most and it saddens me to think that maybe she was the one saving me without me even realizing until she was gone. Delphine was something else, she was too soft for this line of work and the only one who couldn't see it, was her. I got there too late, and to think he was up there, wrapping that cable around her throat and pulling until she went still. Did he feel nothing? Of course not, to him, he was saving his own arse, doing his job. I would have been the same had the threat been directed at me. In this job, it's hard not to take this personal, especially when they attack someone that meant so much to you and they always hurt the ones you love and care for, it's an easy way to break you down, to make you weak. It makes you question everything around you and you start to doubt yourself as well as other people, if you didn't already. It messes with your head in ways I can't even begin to describe. So now, I have no one. I am attached to no one. I care for no one. And guess who they hurt now. Me. But it's better than coming home and seeing a lover or friend dead as a warning. Now they go straight for me and I wouldn't have it any other way. I don't know why her death hit me so hard but it did. I met her in some bar. She didn't strike me as anything special. She was just another person, one of many, someone who I needed to find out more about before she became too dangerous. I honestly thought that the night she invited me to the club was the night that I would kill her, find her out to be the enemy. I was wrong and I admit that but that's what makes the pain that much greater; she wasn't an enemy, she wasn't someone to be killed or wary of, she was just Delphine, someone I could have maybe started over with. She was younger than me, a little niave maybe, but she had this light about her, a light that I had long since buried within myself. Maybe she could have brought that back out in me. I guess we'll never know now. So after my third glass of whiskey, I'm ready to hit the streets again, kill someone dangerous and with each kill, I try to avenge her. David Percival, her killer, is dead but it doesn't feel like enough, maybe it never will but I keep going and with each evil prick that I take down, I feel like I'm doing it for her; she wanted to make this world a better place by doing what she did, she believed that it could be saved if we could just eradicate all the evil in it so maybe that's what I was doing. 'This is for you', I would think as I put a bullet through another evil fucker and hoped that she was proud of me. It's cold out here and I keep my head down as my hand touches the cool metal of the gun in my pocket. Sometimes, she speaks to me or I imagine she does and I respond, people look at me like I'm insane but I do it anyway, the fantasy helps me deal with reality; \"So who is the target this time?\" She asks as she walks beside me. \"Weapons dealer, owns a club just south of here.\" I answer as someone walking their dog frowns at me. \"He'll be heavily guarded.\" \"Probably.\" She smiles a little. It's a knowing smile, she knows that I'll put myself in dangerous situations and I like it that way. \"You don't care.\" \"As long as you're proud of me.\" I tell her. \"I'm proud of you no matter what you do. What I don't want, is for you to kill yourself for me.\" I give a slight shrug. \"If it happens, it happens.\" Maybe on some level that's what I'm hoping for. She's dead. Delphine's gone. Why am I even still here? I never thought I would find a reason for living, nobody does, but I did and now that reason has gone, why should I stay? So what if one of my marks get lucky and take me out? That's life, we come and we go. \"You want to be with me?\" She asks, my own thoughts warring with each other as I toy with the idea of getting myself killed and having her talk me out of it. \"Maybe...\" I whisper, shaking my head. She stops walking and so do I. She places a hand to my face and I close my eyes, forcing myself to feel it. It's just my own fantasy, she's not really here but I want to feel it so bad. When I open my eyes, she's gone and I'm alone, standing on a street outside the bar where my target is. Time to go to work. ","Summary":" A/N- Hey guys, I went to see Atomic blonde and loved it! So here's my short little one shot, hope y"},{"Movie":"Atomic Blonde","Title":"As It Should Be","Author":"MsArtheart","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12716483","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Alt title: Hollywood Tonight My very rusty ol' series \"For a good listener, half word is enough!\" So it is that \"Dialogue only\" type of fic. It's not script, it's just dialogues. Set right after Spyglass's death and David Percival's betrayal. Now it's me not trusting in Delphine's death! PS: Also posted on AO3. It has a better resolution and the Single Line Breaks/ Basic Format worked there ;) New Playlist [not in order][incomplete]: Daryl Hall & John Oates - Out Of Touch, Michael Jackson - Hollywood Tonight , Madonna - La Isla Bonita , Kim Wilde - Kids In America, The Buggles - Video Killed the Radio Star [yep sweet irony these three songs isn't it :v] , Ne-yo - Closer, Michael Jackson - Beat It, Pitty – Equalize, Poison - Every Rose Has Its Thorn , Rockwell - Somebody's Watching Me, Marina Lima songs ( Fulgás, Virgem, Pra Começar, Acontecimentos , No Escuro ), Paula Abdul - Straight Up, Desireless - Voyage, Voyage, Marisa Monte & Erasmo Carlos - Mais Um Na Multidão, Debbie Gibson - Lost In Your Eyes / Sinead O Connor - I Do Not Want What I Haven t Got [ Hey! Don't look me this way! These lyric are divine, but the melody is boring AF~] , Duran Duran - All She Wants Is, Martika - Toy Soldiers, René & Angela - I'll Be Good [Sorry! When I said Atomic Blonde is the BEST GTA Vice City DLC I MEANT IT haha~ The whole movie seems like any GTA mission amiright?] , Billy Idol - White Wedding , The B-52's - Private Idaho + Give Me Back My Man and more to come~ Annnnnd before I forget to mention: Normal: Dialogue Bold : absolutelly nothing huehuebrbr \"Italic\" : Character's Point of View / character's thoughts. (Not used in this Fic this time) ~Action~: literally, any action or facial expression (like ~blank expression~ ) (Not used in this Fic this time) *Onomatopoeia*: onomatopoeia of course! Haha Well, time to get EMOTIONAL. Enjoy~ [I'll be good, good, good, good~] . *~Start Recording~* \"The right time I found the French UHF device in my long coat, someone knocked on my door. I was enraged because of Percival's… 'betrayal' (as if I were really surprised of his turn of tables at that point of the game, eh). Seeing Delphine standing there only raised my fury on Berlin. I was tired of everything. Yet my work was far from be done.\" *~Record stops~* . . . :::::: Flashback :::::: LORRAINE: Why are you here? DELPHINE: I needed to see you. LORRAINE: I told you more than once, it's dangerous to come here by your own. DELPHINE: And what, wait ages for your contact? LORRAINE: […] …Yes. DELPHINE: You're joking, alright? You must be! LORRAINE: We chose this life, Delphine. This only ends one way. DELPHINE: As if I would let it happen to me so easily! LORRAINE: For bloody Christ's sake, Delphine! Can't you see these scars!? This black eye? My cut lip? DELPHINE: […] …Let me at least take care of your injuries! LORRAINE: You made yourself a target by coming here! Sigh... You need to leave Berlin. DELPHINE: But I don't want to leave you fighting alone! LORRAINE: He set us both up! Don't you understand? DELPHINE: Who!? Lorraine! LORRAINE: PERCIVAL! DAVID PERCIVAL! Delphine, leave! LEAVE! Just for once let me protect y- - DELPHINE: I DON'T NEED YOUR- - STUPIDE PROTECTION! I play this game by my own terms! [...] …Tch. I'm leaving as you wish so. . . . *~Start Recording~* \"I did hit the wall. Hard. If I move my left hand now my knuckles will ache. 'It's not my wish to see you dead!' , I cried out loud to the closed door. She for sure was far away from hear my plea. After Delphine's departure I stormed direct at Percival's place. He wasn't there. But the other French UHF device was. If I ever felt despair in my life, that was the first time. I felt the urge to run into Delphine's honeytrap once more. She needed saving. If at least I could arrive on time… The last thing I saw was my lover's body discarded on the floor. By the red line in her throat it seems that Percival used a string instead of a gun or a knife. Heh. Bless the Queen. I didn't check up her pulse. I only took the phone to dial my third emergency call. After that I collapsed on the floor next to her. I felt almost defeated. 'Don't you dare… Delphine…' I whispered to her. Then I stood up again. '...Fuck. There's a blood of a job to be done yet,' I told myself. We both know what happened since then.\" *~Record stops~* . . . To be continued... A/N: I hope my triggered!Lorraine isn't too much OOC… Neither my Heartbroken!Delphine… But I needed to make this atomic blonde bomb explode, otherwise Delphine could not have the heart to leave her... Well, that, and because I think Lorraine didn't explode on screen because she left her hotel room just in time. Ah, of course! There's more angst and rage coming soon. Lemme just put my sapphic heart at ease first~ Here's some bonus, the original dialogue used in the Hotel room scene: \"Why are you here? You need to leave Berlin.\" \"When I didn't hear from you, I got worried.\" \"How naive can you be? We chose this life, delphine. This only ends one way.\" \"What are you talking about?\" / \"He set us both up. You have to leave while you can.\" Ps: PT-BR version: /s/12716738/1/Assim-Como-Deve-Ser (061017) / (061117) ","Summary":" Alt title: Hollywood Tonight My very rusty ol' series \"For a good listener, half word is enough!\""},{"Movie":"Atomic Blonde","Title":"Ciano , Magenta","Author":"MsArtheart","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12700887","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Alt. Title: Aesthetic ; Esthétique Playlist [fora de ordem]: Psychedelic Furs - Love My Way, Mylène Farmer - Je Te Rends Ton Amour, Chico Buarque e Elis Regina - Noite dos mascarados, Lady Gaga - Do What U Want, , Indeep - Last Night A DJ Saved My Life, Pitty - Memórias, The Chemical Brothers - Swoon, Cyndi Lauper -Time After Time, Kavinsky – Nightcall & Odd Look (feat. The Weeknd) [FUCKING LYRICS! My FEEEEEEELS], ThePrimeThanatos and NewRetroWave YT channel [pra entrar na vibe new wave] , 'Til Tuesday -Voices Carry [até eu enjoar hu3], a OST de Atônica e por aí vai.. Enjoy~ [Hush hush… Keep it down now… Voices Carry…] (Lorraine's Pov.) ..::::: Ciano :::::.. D esde que pus os pés no Aeroporo de Tempelhof, eu sabia. Eu sabia de tudo. Eu sabia as regras. Minha experiência não é por acaso. Eu sabia que poderia estar sendo seguida por qualquer um. Eu sabia que estava sendo vigiada por uma garotinha todo esse tempo. . . A inda assim... . . B erlin era tão fria- - E ela era tão ingênua- - Eu simplesmente não pude- - Eu não quis- - . . E u não mostrei resistência. Eu não a afastei. Ao invés disso eu a atrai mais e mais. Eu me deixei induzir pelos seus toques. Nos devoramos como feras famintas. Nossos suspiros e gemidos altos soavam como um arranjo bem composto. Abraçá-la e acariciá-la os cabelos era como estar em casa... . . ... M eu frágil momento de paz. Alívio. Escapismo. . . N o fim das contas eu perdi tudo isso. Chega a ser amargo de tão irônico. Mesmo sabendo do nosso inevitável fim, eu ainda assim quebrei o maldito princípio dos espiões. Percival já me infernizava dizendo todo o tempo possível: Isso não passa de um jogo. . . E u confiei nela, mesmo sendo instruída a não fazê-lo. \"Não confie em ninguém.\" De fato, não confiei em ninguém. Somente nela. Delphine era minha zona de conforto. Minha regalia. . . M inha amada… . . E m nosso primeiro encontro, Delphine clama ter me salvo. Ela me ofereceu uma dose de Stoney on Ice no segundo. Eu disse \"Você é atenciosa.\" Ela me disse \"Eu busco por prazer nos mínimos detalhes.\" . . E la prestou atenção nos detalhes um pouco demais. . . H oje em dia eu me afogo em Stoli como louca. Hmph... Quisera eu conseguir salvá-la a tempo... Mesmo visitando Paris eu não consigo me livrar da tristeza. Sinto tanta falta dela... . . D elphine decerto pagou sua dívida. O Muro de Berlin caiu. Ali não mais há necessidade de Atividades Espiãs a partir de agora. Com a benção da Rainha, agora posso ter minha vida de volta, Não fosse por uma desgraça de preço. . . P ara a cidade mais fria do mundo, Saúde.[Chapter 2] (Delphine's Pov) ..::::: Magenta :::::.. E u era uma novata no ramo da espionagem. Eu só entrei nesta doideira por conta de uma dívida estúpida. Eu tive minha chance de dizer não e cair fora o quanto antes. Eu poderia ter usado minhas habilidades fotográficas para um bem maior, non la guerre . . . E mesmo assim… . . B erlin era tão débilmente froid- - E ela tão chaud- - Eu por mim só era tão- - Eu não queria- - . . E u não quis perder esta oportunidade. Oui , eu não me perdoaria une goutte se eu perdesse a oportunidade. Eu a tinha visto apenas por fotos até então. Eu sequer imaginei que Lorraine Broughton seria tão irrésistible et étourdissant em pessoa. . . E u me doei tão facilmente para ela, em sangue e carne. Se ao menos meu coração não batesse tão rápido eu poderia ter imaginado um disfarce melhor. Algo mais rentável do que \"Poeta ou Estrela do Rock\". Eu já não mais era uma adolescente. Ao menos o disfarce funcionou. . . E os beijos. Par le ciel , os beijos... Eu fiz bem. Eu não hesitei em beijá-la... Na verdade eu estava até que bastante empolgada em fazê-lo. Eu a sondei. A conduzi à minha doce armadilha sem pudor algum. Eu mordi meus lábios em antecipação. Nos quis a sós como nunca. . . E então ela me apontou minha própria arma de fogo. . . E la uma vez me contou que nenhum de seus relacionamentos era real. \"Eles são apenas um meio para um fim\". Ao invés de perguntar se o nosso relacionamento também não era real, Eu disse a ela algo que notei após todos esses dias estando juntas: . . \" Q uando você diz a verdade, você parece diferente. Seus olhos mudam.\" Ela me agradeceu. Ela estava genuínamente lisonjeada. C omplètement enchantée. Ela pensou que era melhor não fazer mais isto. Ela estava com medo de ser morta por causa da verdade em seu olhar. . . M as realmente... . . E u consegui enxergar sua verdade descarada. Seus carinhos gentis me revelaram mais do que ela queria à mostra. Douleur. Désir. Désespoir. Sua tristeza, seu desejo, seu desespero. . . E u bem queria tê-la ajudado mais do que já ajudei. Eu bem queria ter este poder. Eu bem queria ter tido a chance de por abaixo A MALDITA MURALHA junto à Lorraine. Eu bem queria ter mais tempo para passar com ela... Debaixo dos lençóis... Dividindo um drink... Nos amando... . . N o fim das contas tudo que fiz foi dar a ela informações. Palavras e fotografias e chaleur . Eu fui uma espiã francesa. Eu paguei minha dívida. . . . Q ui sème le vent recolte la tempête. Fin~ \"Qui sème le vent recolte la tempête\" significa literalmente \"Quem semeia vento, colhe tempestade.\" (yep, eu amo usar o trope gratuitous foreign language nas minhas fics haha mals ae :x ) A/N Gente, Atomic Blonde é meu sonho cinematográfico se tornando realidade! Minha DLC favorita do GTA Vice City SZ Muita gente [muita gente mesmo, credo!] odiou o filme por ter pouco drama e MUITA ação; um típico filme do James Bond. SÓ QUE, a proposta do Atomic Blonde (e da Graphic Novel The Coldest City) é justamente ser \"fria\", \"insensível\" e \"cruel\"; ser de um niilismo tão nítido que quase perde seu sentido. Mesmo com todos os objetivos traçados, cada um ali tinha sã consciência de que tudo poderia ser perdido em um estalar de dedos, eles sabiam que em algum momento ou em um lazarento deslize eles poderiam morrer. Eu adorei como esse aspecto não foi romantizado ou deturpado. Todos eles ali sabiam o que estavam fazendo e não tinham medo das consequências. Ah, e como o titulo sugere, o filme é 100% estético e eu a-m-e-i esse detalhe. Paguei pau mesmo, viu! Mano do céu… A visão periférica da Lorraine entre o copo da Delphine e a câmera, o Ciano e Magenta sobre elas… A Delphine LURANDO a Lorraine para aquele corredor iluminado em vermelho– PQP! . ÉO! Eu não soube dizer por quem eu mais estava atraída: pela loira fatal Lorraine Broughton ou pela novinha excitante e panterona Delphine Lasalle. CAAAARA. Se fosse eu em ambos pontos de vista eu estaria desmaiada. Juliana estaria des-ma-ia-da! Totalmente derretida… Outro aspecto marcante nesse filme… As músicas! Setlist totalmente foda! Cada música ali foi escolhida de forma impecável, principalmente a \"música tema\" para Delphine e Lorraine… Se você pegar 'Til Tuesday - Voices Carry e ler a letra você sente a forte carga emocional que teve entre elas. Essa música em específico nos conta todos os detalhes não verbalizados do seu relacionamento. A morte da Delphine realmente foi algo bem clichê (Bury Your Gays trope estou falando de você) na visão cinematográfica sim, mas na Graphic Novel fez todo sentido e apesar de eu ainda estar de luto, eu bato palmas para o diretor e toda staff por ter se mantido fiel ao contexto da obra original ao mesmo tempo que deu um novo lustre e uma visão \"verdadeiramente oitentista\" para The Coldest City. Agora o pauta mais importante de todas…. Atomic Blonde sem heteronormatividade e sem machismo desnecessário YASSSS! /o/ O que eu quis dizer com isso: O protagonista feminino não ficou/dormiu/transou/ com o \"vilão\" masculino só porque ele ficou dando em cima dela mil vezes (Lorraine pouco se lixou pras tiradas do Percival, que por sua vez nunca forçou a barra para conquistá-la. Eles não eram par romântico no filme). Ela não era dependente de macho pra fazer o que ela tinha que fazer e não era tratada como inferior por ser espiã. Ela recebeu ajuda porque até mesmo um espião depende de contatos afinal o trabalho de um espião é coletar informações, correto? E eu sou super grata por Lorraine apenas ter feito o seu trabalho sem precisar ouvir mimimi de um personagem chato e imbecil -geralmente masculino- criado apenas para ficar falando merdas do tipo \"Você só chegou a esse status por ser mulher\", \"Facilitaram pra você, né?\", \"Você não consegue/não pode fazer isso, você é mulher!\" dentre outras coisas que uma mulher capacitada em uma determinada profissão é obrigada a ouvir por causa de quê mesmo? Por ser mulher. Mas beleza, chega de fangirlismo de minha parte senão as notas finais ficam maiores que a própria fic! hehe E quem não viu nem leu essa obra ainda que vá se atualizar! :v (280917) ; (300917) ","Summary":" Alt. Title: Aesthetic ; Esthétique Playlist [fora de ordem]: Psychedelic Furs - Love My Way, Mylène"},{"Movie":"Atomic Blonde","Title":"Aesthetic , Esthétique","Author":"MsArtheart","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12700828","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Alt. Title: Ciano ; Magenta. Playlist [not in order]: Psychedelic Furs - Love My Way, Mylène Farmer - Je Te Rends Ton Amour, Chico Buarque e Elis Regina - Noite dos mascarados, Lady Gaga - Do What U Want, , Indeep - Last Night A DJ Saved My Life, Pitty - Memórias, The Chemical Brothers - Swoon, Cyndi Lauper -Time After Time, Kavinsky – Nightcall & Odd Look (feat. The Weeknd) [FUCKING LYRICS! My FEEEEEEELS] , ThePrimeThanatos and NewRetroWave YT channel [mostly to have a trip in new wave ] , 'Til Tuesday -Voices Carry [until I got sick of it haha ] , the entire Atomic Blonde movie OST and so on. PS: Also posted on AO3. It has a better resolution and the Single Line Breaks worked there ;) Enjoy~ [Hush hush… Keep it down now… Voices Carry…] (Lorraine's Pov.) ..::::: Aesthetic :::::.. . . E ver since I first land my feet on Tempelhof Airport, I knew it. I knew it all. I knew the rules. I'm a bloody veteran. I knew my livid presence alone would alarm any spy near me. I knew I was being stalked by a little girl all this time. . . A nd yet... . . B erlin was so cold- - And she was so naive - - I just couldn't- - I didn't want to- - . . I didn't resist her. I didn't shove her away. Instead I let her in . I let myself sink in her touch. We devoured each other like ferals . Our moans aloud sounded like a well composed song. Holding her in my arms and petting her hair felt like home… . . … M y fragile moment of peace. Ease. Escapism. . . I n the end I lost it all . It's so bitterly ironic . Even if I knew our absolute fate I did break our god forsaken spy rules still. Just as Percival said aloud every bloody time: It was just about a game . . . I trusted her, even when I'd been told not to. \"Trust no one\". In fact, I trusted no one. Only her. Delphine was my comfort zone. My regalia. . . M y lover… . . I n our first encounter, Delphine claims she saved me. She ordered Stoli on The Rocks in the second. I said \"You pay attention.\" She said \"I look for pleasure in the details\" . . S he took attention on the details a little too much. . . Nowadays I drink pure Stolichnaya like a mad woman. Sigh… I wish I had the time to save her from this life… Even visiting Paris I couldn't get away from my grief... . . I miss her so… . . D elphine indeed has paid her debt. Berlin Wall Fell. No need for any Spy activity from now on. With the Queen's blessing, now I can have my life back. Once provided by a hell of a price . . . T o the coldest city all over the world, Cheers.[Chapter 2] Delphine's Pov. ..::::: Esthétique :::::.. . . I was a fresher in this spying thing. I only joined this madness because of a stupide debt. I had my chance to say no and get out there the fast as I could. I could have used my photographer skills to do something better, not war. . . A nd yet… . . B erlin was so debile froid - - And she was so chaud - - I was so- - I just couldn't- - . . I didn't want to miss this opportunity. Oui , I just would not pardon myself if I lose this opportunity. I saw her only in photos and briefings. I never thought Miss Lorraine Broughton would be so irrésistible et étourdissant in person . . . I easily gave myself to her, flesh and blood . If only my heart wasn't beating so fast I could think about a better disguise, Something more profitable than \"a poet, a rockstar\". I wasn't a teenager anymore after all. At least it worked. . . A nd the kisses. Par le ciel , the kisses... I did it pretty well. I didn't hesitate to kiss her… I was really eager to kiss her actually. I preyed her. I lured her to my honeytrap with no shame . I did bite my lips in anticipation. I wanted us alone more than ever . . . Then she pointed to me my own gun. . . S he once told me that none of her relationships were real. \"They are just a means to an end.\" Instead of asking her if our relationship weren't real at all, I told her something I noticed along the days we stayed together: . . \" W hen you tell the truth, you look different. Your eyes change.\" . . She thanked me. She was flattered. Complètement enchantée. She thought it was better not do that again. She was afraid of getting killed because of the truth in her eyes. . . B ut that… . . O nly I could see her own blatant truth. Her gentle caresses told me more than she wanted to show. Douleur. Désir. Désespoir. Her sadness , her desire , her despair . . . I wish I could help her more than I already did. I wish I could have that power. I wish we had the chance to bring that DAMNED WALL down together. I wish we could have more time to spend side by side… Under the sheets… Sharing a drink… Loving each other… . . I n the end all I could do was give her intel . Words and photos and chaleur . I was a French Spy. I paid my debt. . . . . . Q ui sème le vent recolte la tempête. Fin~ A/N: \"Qui sème le vent recolte la tempête\" Means: \"They that sow the wind, shall reap the whirlwind.\" (yep, I love to use gratuitous foreign languages on my works haha sorry :x ) And G.o.s.h., Atomic Blonde is my cinematographic dreams coming true! My favorite DLC from GTA Vice City! SZ Yet some people (a bunch of people really) hate Atomic Blonde because it is a Bond-esque Action movie with a female as the main character; the \"few drama and MUCH action\" kind of movie. THE THING IS, being so \"cold-blooded\", \"unfeeling\", \"cruel\" and yadda yadda yadda IS the main feature of both Atomic Blonde and The Coldest City Graphic Novel. The nihilism in there is so clear that it almost loses its meaning. Even with all the objectives arranged, each spy there was well aware that everything could be lost with a finger slap. They knew that at some point or at a very unlucky stumble they could die. I loved how this aspect was not romanticized or misrepresented in Atomic Blonde. They all knew what they were doing and they were not afraid of the consequences. Oh, as the title suggests, Atomic Blonde is 100% aesthetic and I l-o-v-e-d it. For real, I loved it! Gosh, Lorraine's peripheral vision between Delphine's glass and the camera, the Cyan and Magenta color above them… Delphine LURING Lorraine to that corridor illuminated in red– .DANG! I just could not tell who I was most attracted for: if it was to the blonde fatale Lorraine Broughton or by the exciting Charlie's-Angel-to-be Delphine Lasalle. MAAAAN, If I were the one in both point of views I would be d-e-a-d-. Totally melted… Another striking aspect of Atomic Blonde… The soundtrack! Perfect setlist! Every song there was impeccably picked up, especially the \"theme song\" for Delphine and Lorraine … If you listen to 'Til Tuesday - Voices Carry and read the lyrics you may feel the emotional and strong connection between them. This particular song tells us all the unspoken details of their relationship. Delphine's death was really cliché (Bury Your Gays trope I'm looking at you) in the cinematographic version, yes, but in the Graphic Novel it makes sense and even if I'm still in mourning for Delphine I will praise the director and all the staff involved in Atomic Blonde for remaining loyal to the original work while giving a new course and a \"truly shinny happy 80's\" version of The Coldest City. Now the most important thing…. NO heteronormativity and NO machism YAS! /o/ I mean, the -female- main character didn't have sex/ended up with the -male- \"villain\". Percival did hit Lorraine a lot yet she didn't fall for him plus he was never forceful towards her, he wasn't a total jerk trying so hard to get inside her pants. Lorraine was a independent woman FOR REAL, she just did what she needed to without asking help or being imposed to have a male help just because she was a woman. Or a weak/inferior woman. She got help because she is a fucking spy and spying requires a vast contact list, spying is about gathering information, right? And it was good to see that we didn't get a -mostly male- character saying absurd things like \"You only reached your status because you are a pretty woman\", \"Say, they made it easy for you, right?\", \"You can't/ you're not allowed to do this, you are a woman!\" among other atrocities that we qualified and professionalised women in our designed field area have to endure almost always only because we are what? Women. Anyway, better I stop my fangirling right now or else my end notes become endless! Haha (280917) ; (300917) ","Summary":" Alt. Title: Ciano ; Magenta. Playlist [not in order]: Psychedelic Furs - Love My Way, Mylène Farmer"},{"Movie":"Open Range","Title":"Open Range:Sugar in the Camp","Author":"Baxley","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10810305","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Open Range: Sugar in The Camp (Disclaimer: I don't own the movie or the characters and I am getting no compensation from this story. There is so much that's not told about what happened between Button and Mose when Boss and Charley left them at the camp together. Here's just one explanation. This is entirely my creation.) After Boss and Charley left, Mose grinned over at Button. \" I got some sugar when I went to town,\" the big man giggled, a bandage wrapped around his head. His left eye was still swollen and bruised although not as badly when he was being held in the jail. The last thing he wanted to do was to think about what the Sheriff and his henchmen had done to him. \"Want some?\" \" Si'!\" Button grinned back widely. The two ran for the wagon giggling like little girls where the white cotton bag was stored. \"But won't Boss get mad if we eat it?\" Button asked, ever the worrier. He had his own demons from his past and he feared being beaten like the saloon owner used to do just a year before. \" Nah,\" Mose answered plopping down on the ground by the campfire. Carefully opened the bag and he peeked inside. Taking a tin cup he dipped it into the bag and withdrew some of the white granules. \" I'd be real good if'n we had some butter. We could spread it on some bread and make sugar sandwiches,\" Mose said, admiring the sugar, his eyes twinkling at the thought. \" But we don't haves no butter,\" Button stated the obvious. \"Maybe when we get to 'nother town we could buys some,\" he grinned widely at the thought. \" Maybe,\" Mose chuckled, \"but until then we'll just have to eat it raw, I reckon.\" Button laughed at the thought and, taking the cup, poured some into his mouth then handed it back to Mose. As though sipping tea from fancy china cups they delicately handed the cup back and forth until it was empty. The sugar sweetness was a delight as it melted in their mouths. Ol' Tig laid by Mose's side watching with interest, he panted happily. In a short time, both of them were laughing, feeling hyper from the sugar rush. Tig saw a rabbit hop across the hillside and, giving a yip, bolted off in pursuit of the hare. Laughing, they both ran after Tig. Mose stuck out a big foot and tripped Button, sending him tumbling head over heels across the grass. \" I'll git you!\" Button yelled, a huge smile on his face as he jumped up and charged after Mose. Big Mose ran a short distance then simply grabbed Button shoving him back to the ground. Button tackled one of Mose's legs causing the big man to tumble. Hitting the ground and howling with delight Mose gingerly jumped to his feet with Tig also jumping and barking with the same carefree joy. Suddenly Tig stopped and stood his ground, growling menacingly. \"What is it, boy?\" Mose, who had just pushed Button to the ground again, skidded to a halt realizing the dog was warning them. Alerted now by Mose's reaction Button quickly sat up and looked in the direction both Mose and Tig were looking. Neither of them had realized anyone was watching. \"Is that Boss and Charley already?\" Button asked perplexed as he stood by his friend's side, squinting at the onlooking group of riders looking back. \"That don't look like Boss and Charley.\" As Mose studied the riders his eyes widened in disbelief. \"That's 'cause it's not,\" he answered Button, trying to make out who the five riders on horseback were watching back. Button shot him a concerned look, \"Then, who is it?\" \"I don't rightly know,\" the big man said, \"But I think we oughta get our guns.\" Button nodded understanding but not moving until the riders began to move towards them in unison. \"Mose?!\" Button looked open mouthed at his friend uncertain of what to do. \"I know, Button. Git back to the wagon! Fast!\" Mose hadn't realized they had gotten so far away from the covered wagon as the two ran towards it. The sound of approaching horse hooves seemed to be nearly upon them. Glancing over his shoulder Mose could see smoky mists snorting out of the horses nostrils from the cool evening air looking as though they were from hell itself. Reaching the wagon just moments before the riders did, Mose grabbed the rifle that laid just inside the wagon as Button sprinted for the other rifle that laid on the ground that laid by the campfire where they had previously been snacking on the sugar. Shots rang out. The five riders were on them, whooping like crazed men, burlap sacks with slits cut for their eyes disguised their faces. A thought went through Mose's mind. ' If they're going to kill us then why wear bags over their heads?' As he turned to confront them the butt of a rifle hit Button across the side of his head knocking him senseless as he fell face down on the ground. \"BUTTON!\" Mose yelled at the sight of his friend being attacked and raised his rifle in defense but before he could fire a round, a bullet struck him shattering his shoulder. Mose spun as he cried out in pain. His rifle fired wildly, missing its intended mark. Tig nipped at the horses heels causing them to spin and buck. One of the horses kicked the small dog sending it rolling across the grass. The little dog yelped in pain. Mose tried to get up on his feet, his shattered shoulder bleeding badly, as a bullet shattered his chest. A fine mist of blood exploded outward as Mose collapsed back to the ground. Wearing a brown derby on top of the bag, one of the horsemen rode over to where Mose lay writhing in pain and squeezed the trigger on his pistol. The shot bore through Mose's head. His body jerked then moved no more. Button was on his hands and knees, blood pouring down the side of his face blinding him as he struggled to see. A rough hand lifted him up by his shirt collar dragging him across the ground. \"Let go!\" he yelled as he struggled, his rifle helplessly discarded to the ground. Button was dropped on the hard ground, pain shooting through his head. \"We don't like you free grazers,\" a man now standing next to Button, hissed then kicked Button hard inn the ribs with the toe of his boot. Button cried out again as he rolled. Finally coming to a stop he was saw a big hulk on the ground that was his friend. \"MOSE!\" he cried in agony for his friend. \"Stand up!\" the man growled out an order. \"I said, stand up!\" As Button rose to his feet as a fist smashed into his face causing his head to jerk backwards. Violently he fell back to the ground looking upwards, his head spinning. Another boot kicked him in the ribs again causing him to roll nearly under the wagon. Their furious attack stopped as they laughed and moved away from Button to where the little dog was yelping in pain and started kicking him mercilessly. Seeing their cruelty Button gathered what little strength he had left and, with great determination, grabbed the rifle he found then rose to his feet. \"WATCH OUT!\" one of the riders yelled as Button raised the rifle at them. If he could have he would have killed each one of them. Firing he hit the man wearing the brown derby in his shoulder. With a loud cry the man grabbed his shoulder as blood poured through his fingers. The loud report of a weapon firing echoed across the open range as a bullet struck Button in his stomach. He crumpled to the ground and moved no more. \"Serves 'em right! Filthy free grazers,\" one of the men who spoke as he pulled off his mask and replaced his derby on his head. A bloody circle spread through the expensive silk shirt. How long he had been out Button could not say but when he came to he was alone in the dark and bleeding badly. Seconds before blacking out again he wondered how his rifle had gotten under him. \"Boss,\" Button spoke the name looking up into the familiar sympathetic face. \"It's alright, boy. We're gonna take care of you,\" Boss reassured him. \"Mose?\" he asked but before getting an answer his world went black. ","Summary":" Open Range: Sugar in The Camp (Disclaimer: I don't own the movie or the characters and I am getting"},{"Movie":"Open Range","Title":"Revenge for the Despair","Author":"P1pp1n's Mushr00ms","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1996620","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Open Range – Despair for Revenge Summary: [OPEN RANGE FIC] They didn't go deep enough into what happened to their friends, so I'm doing it. They never showed what happened... This won't just be what happened then. It will also be Button's view throughout the movie when he wasn't on camera. (They didn't pay enough attention to poor Button...) Disclaimer: Now, if I owned the characters, do you REALLY think I'd be writing a FAN FICTION? I thought not. [Missing Scene] – What Happened to Button and Mose. They were just having fun. Mose and Button were just sitting around the campfire playing with Ol' Tig and getting hyped up on the sugar the huge man had bought at the town. They had finally gotten some down time, now that Boss and Charley were looking for the men that had been scouting the herd earlier today. They wrestled for a while, chased each other, just having a good time. The two were unaware of there ever being any danger. They didn't know anyone was watching... \"Pass me some more sugar please, Mose?\" asked Button. (In his lovely Spanish accent) The huge man dipped the cup into the burlap bag, scooped up some of the sweet white powder and passed it over to his friend. \"Hey, who is that?\" the younger boy asked, \"It can't be Boss and Charley already.\" Mose looked and his eyes widened ever so slightly. He knew who they were, and he didn't like it. \"That's 'cause it's not.\" Button gave him a look, \"Then who is it?\" \"I don't rightly know,\" the big man said, \"But I think we oughta get our guns.\" Button nodded and stood up with Mose. He looked at the small crowd of about five men and gulped. They and their horses were now half way to the camp. \"Mose?\" \"I know, Button,\" he replied, picking up the pace to the wagon. They were so close now. Mose and Button could hear their horses snorting, blowing white clouds of steam into the air. \"Button, when I say run, you run. Hear me?\" For a moment, the boy didn't answer, Mose was going to ask again, but before he could, Button nodded. The men moved forward again, faster this time. \" Hell ,\" Mose muttered, \"Run Button.\" \"Not without you.\" \"I need to get the guns,\" Mose replied, \"Now GO !\" Mose shoved the boy, giving him a head start, while he took off towards the covered wagon. Shots rang out in the air, followed by the sound of the men hooting and hollering. Button could hear hooves pounding just behind him, and he ran faster than he ever had in his life. A sudden, severe pain lanced through his head and he fell to the ground, clutching his head, blood coated his hands. Someone picked him up by the back of his shirt and started hauling him towards the wagon. Button looked up through watering eyes to try to see his attacker, but all he could see was someone with a bag over his head. \"Let go!\" he yelled. Immediately, he was dropped roughly to the ground. His head hit the dirt and more pain shot through his head, making him whimper softly. The man that had been carrying Button leapt down from the horse and stood over the boy. \"We don't like you free grazers,\" the man hissed, kicking him savagely in the side with his boots. Ribs cracked and Button yelled. \"BUTTON!\" The boy looked up to see the huge man pulling three men off of him in an attempt to reach his young friend. \"Mose!\" \"Stand up and fight like a man, boy,\" said the man, yanking him to his feet. His vision was swirling. If he couldn't see straight, how could he fight? Button was taken by surprise when a fist smashed into his face, making his ears ring and his head throb worse than before. He just stood there, unable to fight back as fists rained down on him. Finally, a strong, hard kick to his left side sent Button back to the ground, moaning softly as he held his aching body. \"Mose...\" \"Oh, you want your friend?\" asked the man. He bent down and grabbed a handful of Button's hair, yanking his head up. \"Hey, boys! Go ahead and kill him!\" he yelled. A man in a bowler hat pulled a pistol out of his holster. Then everything seemed to happen in slow motion. The man put the gun to Mose's temple, pulled back on the hammer and fired. Blood sprayed from Mose's head wound and he fell to the ground limply. \"Mose!\" Button yelled, fighting off his pain and standing up. He started to dun towards his friend's body when there was a crack in the air, followed by an excruciatingly severe pain in his back that spread through his entire body. Button stopped running, dead in his tracks and fell, meeting the ground once more. He could feel blood seeming through his clothes as he rolled over and met the eyes of his attacker. He could only say one word. \"Revenge.\" And the young man's mind went dark... Author's Note: Because FF.N doesn't have an Open Range catagory, I'm posting this in Young Guns. It sounded like a western to me! Tell me what you think! Review!! ","Summary":" Open Range – Despair for Revenge Summary: [OPEN RANGE FIC] They didn't go deep enough into what hap"},{"Movie":"Open Range","Title":"A Cowboy's Perspective","Author":"Sonofthebattle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4442927","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is a one-shot fromnthe movie \"Open Range,\" on the night that Mose is murderednand Button is shot. I don't know the names andnpersonality of the horses, so I made up my own. This is told through thenviewpoint of Mose' horse, a chestnut gelding named Cowboy. Please R & R! -- A Cowboy'snPerspective I tossed my head,nlistening to the bantering chatter. It seemed usless, I assumednButton and Mose were fighting over wheter or not to eat the rest ofnthat sugar. The day was boring, dusk falling away to dark. I wonderednbriefly where Smoke and Rancher where coming back with Boss andnCharlie. It was so boring to be left alone with Black Eye while theynmeandered around. Grazing had been takenncare of for the day, and my bridle was still in place, so I stoodnnext to my black companion and snorted in amusment. He was lipping atnhis tie of the rail, in that playful colt way. He reminds me so muchnof his rider. I was content, watchingnthe flames from the fire dance, reaching higher to the sky that theynwould never to able to accend to. The cattle were happy in the waynthat it dosen't take that much to please a cow. Give them safety andna field of grass and they're happy as clams. This all took somenexplaining to Black Eye, who was still an immature youngster withoutnmuch of a brain. I'd much rather have Smoke and Rancher hear to snortnwith. Man, I thought to myself. I wonder whatever Bossnand Charlie had to do on a night like this. So quiet and peaceful. I cast an eye at BlacknEye, who was now pawing the ground in frustration. He couldn't figurenout how to get lose, so he'd decided to show his discomfort to me.nStupid colt. He whickered to me, andnpawed to my face. The dirt sprayed around my legs and near my face. Inwinced at him, then layed my ears back and snapped right at hisnlittle neck. He pulled back in surprisenand I glared him down for a moment. \"Stupid boy!\" I snorted back at him. \"Don'tnyou know we just went through the river and won't go again untilnmorning? You have to learn patience!\" Inscolded. Black Eye lowered hisnhead, miserable and upset. I turned from him, fed up with hisnimmanurity. Suddenly, something in thendistance caught my attention. There was the sound of approachingnhoofbeats. I raised his head and whickered before I could stopnmyself, assuming that it was Smoke and Rancher coming back for thennight. But I could instantly hear, the hoofbeats were different,ndistintly different. There were dark shapes in the distance, but theynwere not his companions. My entire body tensed. Inshifted with uncertainty. Beside me, Black Eye nickered, his fearnbetrayed by his voice. I didn't answer him, my eyes glued to thenspot. Then, a shot awas fired, piercing the wagon. I panicked, rearingnagainst the ties and pawing the air. Something was after me. Thenpeople were getting closer, Mose rose from the fire quickly, butnsuddenly fell back to the floor with a thud. \"Mose?\" Buttonnasked, his voice quivering. \"MOSE?!\" then he was silenced,nwith another thud. I heard a soft whine, that became silent as well. The men came close to campngalloping on strange horses. I was becoming deperate, I reached backnand snapped my head to the left in a quick motion, severing the ropenthat bound me. I snapped at the rope that held Black Eye, not aboutnto leave him to his self. I galloped off towards the cows, seekingnsafety. I saw the strange horses galloping into camp and didn't care.nI wondered about Button and Mose breifly, but surely they could carenfor themselves? There were loud noisesncoming from camp, sounds of rumaging and such. Then, one of the mennstarted toward the cattle. I whickered to Black Eye and was offnagain. I wanted to find Smoke and Rancher. Where ever they were, Bossnand Charlie were they are well. And with Boss and Charlie there wasnalways safety. I galloped off, makingnsure Black Eye was beside me. I sure as anything was not going to letnthe last one get lost. The colt galloped beside me, his insecuritynoblivious on his face. I felt a strong need to protect him from thenmen around us. Suddenly, I heardnhoofbeats in the distance. I turnde my head to the sound, and wasnoverjoyed to hear Rancher's familar whinny call out. I responednquickly and was off towards him. Closer, I could see his and Smoke'snbroad blazes, and Smoke's patches of white in the dark night. I wasnjoyfully reunited with them, Black Eye at my side. \"Whoa!\" Charliencalled out to me in surprise. \"What'er you boys doin' out here?\"nhe asked, reaching for the end of my rope that droped to the ground.nI butted Rancher playfully in the head, happy to be back with them.nBoss caught up Black Eye's rope, his thoughtful eyes playing over thencolt's body. Besides being extremly shook up, he seemed alright. \"What spooked ya,nboys?\" Charlie asked, turning towards camp, wondering how longnthey'd be lose. Not long, or Mose and Button'd be after them.\"nHe turned for camp, Boss following him. Charlie's face turned fromna smile to a frown the closer we got to camp. The, Rancher shiednaway, clearly afraid of something. I felt it too. It was the stench of deathnand blood. Charlie stared in thendirection of the camp, then hollered for Boss to hurry. He dug hisnheels into Rancher's side who bounded off, me beside him even thoughnCharlie had dropped the rope. I could hear Smoke and Black Eyenfollowing us, even as we came into camp and Charlie made a flyingndismount and rushed to the smoldering fire. Even as Boss followed suitnand left the four and us standing alone. Even as the darknessnerupted into sorrow in the blackness. Even as this war's tanglednarms, ensnared us as well. For now, all we can do, isnsleep. ","Summary":" This is a one-shot fromnthe movie \"Open Range,\" on the night that Mose is murderednand Button is "},{"Movie":"Open Range","Title":"I Will Always Return","Author":"BobWhite","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4316911","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Full Summary: FullnSummary: Suenhasn't seen Licata Donahue for six years, ever since she wasngrabbed by Renegade Indians. What happens when she returns with hernIndian husband, children & parents? Will Sue & the rest ofnthe town accept her back into their lives? ","Summary":" Full Summary: FullnSummary: Suenhasn't seen Licata Donahue for six years, ever since she wasngrabbe"},{"Movie":"Open Range","Title":"Daughter To A Texas Ranger","Author":"BobWhite","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4316902","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Full Summary: As the only daughter of a Texas Ranger, sixteen-year-old Maniya has always had to act like a grown up. But now that her father is dead, she's taken over the family business. She's been pursuing a band of Outlaws for ten days when she rides into Harmonville. Will they help her catch these men? Maniya: Hi, my name is Maniya and I am sixteen-years-old. My father was a Texas Ranger and my mother was of the Cheyenne tribe. They married and my father quit being a Texas Ranger for awhile and stayed with my mother's tribe. But when the white men started encroaching on the Cheyenne land, he decided to take up being a Texas Ranger again to keep his family safe. Shortly after trying to keep his family safe, the white soldiers attacked the village, killing nearly everyone. The Chief, my mother's father, never blamed my father for the attack. He had tried to prevent it. But in trying to prevent an attack from happening, one was issued on the village all the same. My father couldn't get back in time to save those in the village, but he told my grandfather that he would enact a revenge that the Cheyenne had never seen before. And in doing so, I was left with my grandfather. All those that were killed in the village attack, including that of my mother Snow Bird, were buried in the tradition of our people. Shortly after enacting revenge on the soldiers that had attacked the village, my father was captured and hung for his crimes against the white people. I, being only young thing at the time, promised my father's spirit that I would take up reins and be just like him, a Texas Ranger. Life was constantly filled with hardships from that moment on and I knew that I would not be looked upon as a normal child anymore. When I turned sixteen, I left my people on the Reservation we had been ordered onto and journeyed to Texas to look for the leader of the Texas Rangers. When I found him, he was looking at me like he knew me or something. When I told him who I was and who I was related to, he said that I could have the job for fifty dollars a month if I wanted it. I took the job, along with my father's horse, which had been given back to the Texas Rangers after my father was killed. Thus began the journey to take down the worst criminals the 1800's had seen in a long time. For the next two years, I rode all over Texas and the surrounding properties and caught the criminals and took them back for my pay. Most of the men I took in were mad that a girl had been able to capture them in the first place. The fact that I was part white, part Cheyenne meant that I had my mother's blood in me as well as my father's. I kept my medicine bag around my next under my shirt so that no one was able to steal it. The bag also carried most of my money as I did not want people knowing where I kept it. My whole life revolved around the two horses I owned and my being a Texas Ranger and all. Two years is a long time to harbor feelings most people wouldn't want to harbor or had already let go. But as I rode into town for the first time since starting out after the Dooley Gang, I knew that most people probably wouldn't understand why I chose the profession that I did and I really didn't care. I was there for one thing and one thing only. The Dooley Gang was known to hang around Harmonville and I was going to be arresting them one way or another. ","Summary":" Full Summary: As the only daughter of a Texas Ranger, sixteen-year-old Maniya has always had to act"},{"Movie":"Open Range","Title":"Open Range: Button's Story","Author":"Baxley","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8318895","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Open Range Button's Story (Disclaimer: I don't own any of the characters from the movie and I am getting no compensation for this. Now I know in the movie Charley tries to explain to Sue Button's story and it was a sorry explanation. So I decided to write my own version just 'cause it made more sense.) Boss and Charley rode across the valley and travailed the river heading to the town where they had sent Mose to buy some supplies. Mose had tarried too long, nearly four days, and so the two of them rode to inquire about their friend. Slowing down a bit so their horses wouldn't get over heated Charley looked at Boss. It was apparent a question had formed in his mind so Boss waited to hear what Charley had to say. \"You think Button will be alright by himself with the wagon?\" he asked the older man. \"If I didn't think so I'd never left him,\" Boss answered as he watched a hawk circle above the trees in the distance. \"Why? You got a feelin' about it?\" he looked at Charley, a frown knitted across his forehead. \"No, just wondering.\" They were both rode quietly for several minutes before Charley continued. \"Where'd you find Button anyway?\" Not getting a reply right away Charley look over at Boss as a small grin spread across Boss's jaw and he chuckled softly while rubbing his chin thoughtfully. \"Found him in a bordello,\" Boss announced and looked at Charley expecting a look of shock and not being disappointed. \"A bordello?\" Charley could hardly believe his ears. \"What was he doing in a bordello? Looking for work?\" \"Something like that,\" Boss look off into the blue sky as though gathering his thoughts. Slowly Button's story unfolded like a book. A baby was born in the back of a dirty barn by a young woman named Karen. She was one of the young prostitutes who worked at the Lucky Pair Saloon in a small town that sat on the banks of the Rio Grande River. For $3.00 American you could buy any gal of your choosing for fifteen minutes. The girls got to keep 50 cents while the establishments kept $2.50 of it for their expenses. The only way the girls could make any money was to take on as many patrons as they could. It was rumored once that one girl had taken home $15.00 for her efforts. It was a hard and difficult life but it was the only way they could survive. One day Karen realized she was pregnant but she kept the pregnancy to herself fearing what the owner would do to her. Depending upon the girl if one came up expecting the owner would call a so called doctor who would rip the unborn baby from the mother's womb. Too often the girl would bleed to death in a backroom. But if she was lucky to survive she would be so damaged she'd never be able to bear children ever again. It was either that or be thrown out into the street to fend for herself and her bastard. Charity was hard to find for soiled doves or their illegitimate offspring. Karen chose to keep it a secret for as long as she possibly could until there was no hiding it. One day she sought the solitude of the barn and, alone, she bore the child. It was a boy but that was not the worst. He was a Mexican. Or at least half Mexican. How many Mexicans came into the brothel and paid for her services over the many months, even she couldn't say. Unfortunately the delivery had been extremely difficult. A stable boy found Karen barely alive holding a squalling infant in her arms. The Sheriff was called and she told him who she was and who her employers were and promptly died. Not knowing what else to do with the newborn he was taken to the brothel. For three years Karen's baby boy lived with and was cared for by various prostitutes. One of the first memories he could recall was of him dancing to the tune being played on a piano for the drunken patrons. They roared with delight at the antics of the little half cast. \"What's your name, boy?\" one wealthy customer with red cheeks asked him. The tyke thought hard for a moment and came up with the name of one of the gals that worked there. \"Button!\" he announced in an attempt to say Burton and grinned widely, his tiny hands on his waist. The entire saloon erupted with laughter. The name stuck. Button grew into a skinny, gangly boy and, at the age of 10, did various jobs around the saloon. He couldn't read or write and barely spoke at all. The Chicanos who would visit and stay taught him to speak fluent Mexican and how to cheat at cards. Late at night after the saloon would close he'd sweep the wooden floors. Sometimes he would entertain the patrons with a dance. Any tips he received were taken away by the saloon owner with the excuse that it cost too much to feed him. At 12 years of age he was given the glorious job of cleaning and polishing the spittoons. If a customer spit a spray of tobacco juice and miss the spittoon Button would have to clean it up with a rag. On one occasion a drunken, rowdy man, claiming to have been robbed by Mexicans, beat Button with a cane. If the owner didn't make his financial quota he blamed Button for keeping the customers away and gave him a sound thrashing. One night when Button stole some food from the kitchen because he had not eaten all day the owner used a buggy whip to teach Button a lesson. Button was constantly sporting bruises on his arms and back or a black eye from being smacked in the face. This was how he looked when one grand afternoon Boss came into town. Boss had just brought in and sold a herd of beef cattle and, after paying the crew that had worked for him on the drive, Boss decided he deserved a hot meal, a drink of whiskey and a hot bath, and maybe one of the gals that worked the saloon. Boss sat at a table eating a meal when he noticed a skinny Mexican boy that was not more than a child sporting a shiner and a fat lip. The boy couldn't have been over 14. He carried a heavy tray of beer mugs to a waiting bunch of rough looking cowboys when a man with dirty boots stuck out his foot and deliberately tripped the boy. The boy hit the floor as the tray and mugs of beer shattered on the floor sending the brew over the cowboys. Dirty boots guffawed with wicked delight as the men jumped up from their seats and began angrily pushing and hitting the boy with their fists yelling insults at the lad. One who never liked to see another being taken advantage of Boss tried to intervene in the defense of the boy but the cowboys were having none of it and turned on Boss. For every fist he was hit with Boss hit back with two back until the group of rowdies were on the floor moaning in pain and Boss stood over them catching his breath. Picking up Boss's hat and, wiping blood from his nose with the back of his hand, the boy looked up at him. \"Gracias, Senor,\" he said to him. \"You're welcome, son,\" Boss nodded at the boy as he took his hat from him. \"What's your name, son?\" \"Button, Senor.\" \"What's a young man such as you working in a place like this?\" Boss asked him, wiping blood from his own nose. \"BUTTON!\" the bartender yelled over at him. \"Quit bothering the customers and clean up your mess! Those glasses are coming out of your pay!\" \"HEY!\" Boss yelled back at the big bellied bartender who stood behind the bar as though it were a fort. \"He's not bothering anyone and if anybody pays that muddy booted son-of-a-bitch bleeding on your floor ought to pay. He's the one that tripped the boy on purpose. Get you money from him!\" \"Get out, you half-breed bastard!\" the brothel owner yelled from across the room. \"But where will I go? I have no where else to go!\" Button pleaded with him. \"I don't care,\" the owner moved over to Button. \"And you! Get out, too! We don't need your kind in here causing trouble.\" \"I'm leaving, Mister,\" Boss told the owner and turned to say something to Button but the boy was already gone. Boss made sure he had all his belonging and headed for the door. Stepping outside on the boardwalk he saw Button sitting on a bench curled up in a ball crying bitterly, his thin shoulders quaking as he sobbed. Sitting next to the boy for the next several minutes Button told him his short life story as he knew it and had been told. The brothel had been the only home he had ever known and now he had nothing and no one. There was only one thing Boss could do. \"I'll be going on another drive in a few weeks and I need a hand. You ever rode a horse?\" Button looked at him with tear stained cheeks and shook his head no. \"Shoot a gun? Herd cattle? Drive a wagon?\" Each question was answered with the same shake of Button's head. Boss nodded and sighed. This boy was in a fix and no one was willing to lend a hand. \"Where's your Mama? She one of those gals working the there?\" Boss motioned towards the brothel. \"No, sir. She's dead. They told me she died when I was born. I don't know who my Padre is. I am sorry, Senor.\" \"No need to be sorry, son,\" Boss patted the boys leg.\"Tell you what, you come with me and I'll teach you how to be a cowboy. The work is hard and the pay is low but I'll treat you fair and you'll never have to fear being beaten ever again.\" \"Button's been with me for the last two years,\" he told Charley. He's uneducated and untrained, hard headed and stubborn as a mule but he's a good boy and works hard. I think he'll grow to be a good man, one day. He's the only thing closest to a son I'll ever have.\" \"If it hadn't been for you, Boss, he'd died in that place you found him in,\" Charley told him. \"Reckon so.\" \"Makes me understand him a whole lot more,\" Charley replied after digesting this new information. \"Yup,\" Boss spoke and nodded as the town seemed to rise above the hills as they approached it. The End ","Summary":" Open Range Button's Story (Disclaimer: I don't own any of the characters from the movie and I am ge"},{"Movie":"Open Range","Title":"Open Range: Discussing Button's Future","Author":"Baxley","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8329202","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Open Range (Disclaimer: I don't own anything of Open Range. I just like the movie. Got most of this conversation from the deleted scenes. Thought it was very beautiful and interesting.) Discussing Button's Future The sun was nearly to the horizon so the drive stopped in a suitable place where the cattle had plenty of grass and water. Supper served and finished Mose washed the tin plates and cooking pot with hot soapy water, dried and was putting everything away when Boss sat down with Charley for a cup of coffee and a smoke to relax in the cool evening as dimming beams of sunlight played in the trees. \"Button,\" Boss told the young man, \"Just ride easy like through the herd out there just to keep an eye on 'em.\" \"Yes, Boss,\" Button stood up setting his black hat on his dark hair and mounted his dark stallion that was near by. Boss watched as the boy ease his horse through the quiet herd. He kept looking towards Boss and Charley. As long as neither of them said anything he knew he was doing the right thing. Both men could be hard on him. He hated to disappoint either of them, especially Boss. \"In a couple of years he'll be a pretty good hand,\" Boss said to Charley as they both watched the boy in the distance. \"He's pretty good now, Boss,\" Charley replied taking a drink of his coffee. \"Well, there's more to life than lookin' at the back end of cows.\" \"Maybe in a few years he'll take him a wife. He's livin' better now than when you found him,\" Charley was referring to the brothel Boss had told him about a few days earlier. \"Maybe so. But this ain't what a young feller ought to do.\" \"You can't make up another man's mind for him, Boss. They were both watching Button walking around the cattle leading his horse. Button kept looking in their direction like he'd much rather be with them than where he was right now. \"He ain't no man,\" Boss scolded Charley. \"He's a boy and he's growing up as wild as a cougar. You've seen him here in the crik. Tell you the truth, Charley, this kind of life ain't been good to either of us. What have you got to show for it?\" Charley snickered softly. He knew Boss meant the best and he admired him for it but sometimes he could sound down right mean. \"Hell, Boss, you got a fortune in cattle! You're livin' alright.\" \"Button should have more than a couple of saddle ponies and a saddle to ride,\" Boss pointed out. \"Well,\" Charley was getting aggravated with the old man, \"don't need more. Don't want more,\" he stated sharply and got up from his place on the ground grabbing the reins where his horse had been tied up close to him. . Boss knew he'd stepped over the line with Charley. \"No insultin' intended, Charley,\" he looked up at the man. \"Point is we've gotten just about everything we'll ever get out of this damned life. But Button, hell, he's ripe for better things.\" Charley stopped for a moment and took a deep breath to compose himself than mounted his horse. \"Too bad you never had a son,\" he looked at Boss now atop his ride. Sometimes there was just no talking to the old man. Spurring his horse on he rode over to where Button, now mounted on his horse, was watching the herd, his back to them both. Boss watched both men, the light from the peach colored horizon lighting tracing their silhouettes. Charley said something to Button and then handed him a jacket to put on to protect himself from the cold night air. As Boss watched he felt pride swelling in his chest and he felt as though both men were his own sons. THE END ","Summary":" Open Range (Disclaimer: I don't own anything of Open Range. I just like the movie. Got most of this"},{"Movie":"Open Range","Title":"Mose's Sister","Author":"BobWhite","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4316907","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Full Summary: FullnSummary: Mosenhad only told Button that he had a younger sister, kidnapped bynIndians. She's the same age as Button. What happens when she ridesninto Harmonville looking for Mose's friends? Will they allow her tonstay? Or will she ride out, looking for the Indian family that hasntaken care of her all these years? ","Summary":" Full Summary: FullnSummary: Mosenhad only told Button that he had a younger sister, kidnapped bynIn"},{"Movie":"Open Range","Title":"WANTED: Missing Lakota","Author":"BobWhite","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4035477","Passage":"[Chapter 1] FullnSummary: Shenis the only woman Lakota Warrior trained by the Crow in herngeneration. But what happens when Button comes upon her? Will Buttonntake her into town and to Doc Barlow? Will she survive and be able tonget back to her people before they go on the warpath to find her? ThenLife of A Woman Lakota Warrior: Inwas born into a poor family. My mother died a couple hours after Inwas born. Another mother put me to her breast until I was able to eatnreal food. My father was killed in battle shortly before I was born,nor so that is what I'm told by Chief White Feather. Chief Whitenfeather took me in because my father had married a slave and didn'tnhave any family left that was alive. I was raised so that I couldnbecome a good wife. But my destiny was not to be a wife. I wasndestined to be a warrior. But not just any warrior, a Lakota warrior.nMy father's people were the Crow. I was told be the Seer that thenday would come where I would have to leave the Crow tribe and venturento my mother's people, the Lakota. That they were waiting for me tonlead them to greatness. The Seer went to see Chief White Feathernafter what he had seen. There was a meeting to which I was invited. Thenmeeting: \"ThenSeer has seen a future to the young woman I have been raising for thenpast sixteen moons. The young woman, Nzingha White Feather, mynadopted daughter, was named for her ability to fight like no othernI've seen yet. She is the only woman I know that will fight to herndeath if we give her the chance. But she will not do it among ournpeople, the Crow. The Seer has told me that her mother's people,nthe Lakota, are in grave danger, that they need a Chief to lead themnto a safe place. Starting right after this meeting, Nzingha willntrain with the warriors and become a great warrior and hopefully wenwill be allies to the Lakota people instead of enemies, like we arennow.\" Training: Instarted training right away. I learned how to throw a spear as goodnas any man, to hunt with bow and arrows better than any man, andnfight with knives, tomahawks, and any weapon that was needed to winnagainst any enemy. I could shoot a gun better than the Chief himselfnby the end of the day. I had been riding my whole life, ever since Incould remember. But now I was taught how to ride with no hands, hownto ride with a weapon in my hand, how to ride while shooting annarrow, how to ride while shooting a gun. I was taught how to ride thenhorse so an enemy wouldn't see me. I was taught how to mask mynhuman smell. I was taught that it wouldn't be a good idea to goninto a fight while I was menstruating. My teachings, the Chief saidnwould come in handy when I went to find my mother's people andnhelped them move to a safe place. I would be ladened (riding) withnmany gifts. JourneynTo The Lakota's: ChiefnWhite Feather gave me four horses. One to ride while the others wouldnbe used to carry my belongings. The Crow people, from all around thencountry, came to see me off. I was given four buffalo robes, fourndeerskin dresses, four pairs of deerskin leggings, four pairs ofnmoccasins, four pairs of deerskin boots, enough meat to get me to mynmother's people, enough water to last a couple days before I had tongo to the river and get more. ThenChief and his family were packing my stuff onto the horses while Ingot ready with my weapons and gear. I wore a deerskin shirt that hungnoff one shoulder, deerskin leggings, moccasins. My arrows were slungnover my shoulder and my bow hung across my chest. My skinning knifenhung at my waist in its sheath next to my tomahawk. Two more knivesnwere strapped to both of my ankles. Another knife was strapped to mynright thigh. The gun would be on my saddle. My spear was strapped tonmy saddle as well. I would wear my shield on my arm as I rode to thenLakota's. My robe would be slung over my saddle in front of me. Inhad painted my face to be that of the Lakota way. I had painted mynarms to be that of the Crow way. I came out of the tipi fully dressednlike a Crow/Lakota warrior. I was the only woman warrior know in anynhistory and I wouldn't be the last. Inpulled myself onto my horse after hugging everyone goodbye. Inpromised the Chief that we would be friends and left for the Lakotancamp. ","Summary":" FullnSummary: Shenis the only woman Lakota Warrior trained by the Crow in herngeneration. But what "},{"Movie":"Open Range","Title":"WANTED: Missing Lakota","Author":"Starykid","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3616651","Passage":"[Chapter 1] FullnSummary: Shenis the only woman Lakota Warrior trained by the Crow in herngeneration. But what happens when Button comes upon her? Will Buttonntake her into town and to Doc Barlow? Will she survive and be able tonget back to her people before they go on the warpath to find her?[Chapter 2] ThenLife of A Woman Lakota Warrior: I was born into a poor family. My mother died ancouple hours after I was born. Another mother put me to her breastnuntil I was able to eat real food. My father was killed in battlenshortly before I was born, or so that is what I'm told by ChiefnWhite Feather. Chief White feather took me in because my father hadnmarried a slave and didn't have any family left that was alive. Inwas raised so that I could become a good wife. But my destiny was notnto be a wife. I was destined to be a warrior. But not just anynwarrior, a Lakota warrior. My father's people were the Crow. I wasntold be the Seer that the day would come where I would have to leaventhe Crow tribe and venture to my mother's people, the Lakota. Thatnthey were waiting for me to lead them to greatness. The Seer went tonsee Chief White Feather after what he had seen. There was a meetingnto which I was invited. Thenmeeting: \"The Seer has seen a future to the young woman Inhave been raising for the past sixteen moons. The young woman,nNzingha White Feather, my adopted daughter, was named for her abilitynto fight like no other I've seen yet. She is the only woman I knownthat will fight to her death if we give her the chance. But she willnnot do it among our people, the Crow. The Seer has told me that hernmother's people, the Lakota, are in grave danger, that they need anChief to lead them to a safe place. Starting right after thisnmeeting, Nzingha will train with the warriors and become a greatnwarrior and hopefully we will be allies to the Lakota people insteadnof enemies, like we are now.\" Training: I startedntraining right away. I learned how to throw a spear as good as anynman, to hunt with bow and arrows better than any man, and fight withnknives, tomahawks, and any weapon that was needed to win against anynenemy. I could shoot a gun better than the Chief himself by the endnof the day. I had been riding my whole life, ever since I couldnremember. But now I was taught how to ride with no hands, how to ridenwith a weapon in my hand, how to ride while shooting an arrow, how tonride while shooting a gun. I was taught how to ride the horse so annenemy wouldn't see me. I was taught how to mask my human smell. Inwas taught that it wouldn't be a good idea to go into a fight whilenI was menstruating. My teachings, the Chief said would come in handynwhen I went to find my mother's people and helped them move to ansafe place. I would be ladened (riding) with many gifts. JourneynTo The Lakota's: Chief White Feather gave me four horses. One tonride while the others would be used to carry my belongings. The Crownpeople, from all around the country, came to see me off. I was givennfour buffalo robes, four deerskin dresses, four pairs of deerskinnleggings, four pairs of moccasins, four pairs of deerskin boots,nenough meat to get me to my mother's people, enough water to last ancouple days before I had to go to the river and get more. The Chief andnhis family were packing my stuff onto the horses while I got readynwith my weapons and gear. I wore a deerskin shirt that hung off onenshoulder, deerskin leggings, moccasins. My arrows were slung over mynshoulder and my bow hung across my chest. My skinning knife hung atnmy waist in its sheath next to my tomahawk. Two more knives werenstrapped to both of my ankles. Another knife was strapped to my rightnthigh. The gun would be on my saddle. My spear was strapped to mynsaddle as well. I would wear my shield on my arm as I rode to thenLakota's. My robe would be slung over my saddle in front of me. Inhad painted my face to be that of the Lakota way. I had painted mynarms to be that of the Crow way. I came out of the tipi fully dressednlike a Crow/Lakota warrior. I was the only woman warrior know in anynhistory and I wouldn't be the last. I pullednmyself onto my horse after hugging everyone goodbye. I promised thenChief that we would be friends and left for the Lakota camp. ","Summary":" FullnSummary: Shenis the only woman Lakota Warrior trained by the Crow in herngeneration. But what "},{"Movie":"Bandslam","Title":"Dear Dad","Author":"The Ghost of Shugar Highs Past","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5330828","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dear Dad, This is an Idea I got from the movie because they never mentioned Sa5ms father so I decided that he was a man whom doesnt care about her. Dear Dad, I know you wonder who this is. It's me your daughter that you abandoned my mother with years ago. I know you send mom checks , but do you know my name? No ... probably not. Do you know my favorite movie? Nope. Do you know that I'm famous for singing in bandslam? Probably. Do you know if I have friends or a boyfriend? No. Do you know anything about me? no. Here is something about me .... My name is Sa5m , the 5 is silent. My favorite movie is Evil Dead 2 , I suggest you watch it. I sang at bandslam and It was awesome , I sang 'everything I own' . I have a few friends to name 3 Will , Bug , and Charolett. I love to drink coke using a twizzler as my straw . I like indie and rock music. I know I will probably never get a reply , but I just want you to know me. I want you to know the daughter you left behind 18 years ago. Now I'm going to travel with my friends singing at local bars and clubs. I'm getting an online degree and i also want you to know that I wat to meet you. but also I dont I dot know it this can be controled . I dont know if you will try but sometimes life is a force that is controled like me writing you this letter is probably controled by someone other than my self as my hand randomly moves without me controling it , It is forced to write and it makes me wonder if there is such thing a free will. There is one Will I know and love. That would be my boyfriend of 2 years and I love him eventhough I dont tell him becuase im supposed to be this really cool , loner girl. Who loves to perform. I hope you write back, Sa5m I know this seems a weird letter , and contains spoilers , but I just wanted you to see Sa5m contact her father. ","Summary":" Dear Dad, This is an Idea I got from the movie because they never mentioned Sa5ms father so I decid"},{"Movie":"Bandslam","Title":"Born to Run","Author":"redbeanmochi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6446799","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Another year, another school. It had been exactly 4 years, 3 days and approximately 30 minutes since I had stayed in one school for more than a year. But I guess that's what you get when your mom is indecisive and has a mental breakdown if she stays in one place for too long. I guess it was because dad left and after a year without him, mom just couldn't stand the house that reminded her of him and we just up and left. Since then, every time she's found something that reminds her of dad, we pack up our stuff and move out. She says it'll be different this time and that she can control herself now. She says that every year and yet, we still move. So here I am Martin Van Buren High School, standing in the middle of the hallway trying to figure out my schedule. I have lunch now, but I can't even figure out where the cafeteria is. It's not that the school is particularly big, it's just that I've given up on trying to figure out schedules and getting to class on time and giving the, \"Hello, my name is Lacey Powell and I like to do this and I don't like that and my life is just so fucking dandy you should all be friends with me.\" Some dorky kid with curly brown hair approaches me. I think he's going to come over and try to bond with me because we're both \"loners,\" but instead, he asks me if I need help with my schedule. \"What?\" I ask, staring dumbly at him. \"Schedule. Help? You're new aren't you?\" he asks, thinking he's mistaken and I'm just standing in the middle of the hallway for fun. \"Oh. Yeah. Where's the cafeteria?\" I ask finally. \"So you are new. I'm Will. Will Burton. And the cafeteria's over there,\" Will explains, pointing in the cafeteria's general direction. \"Thanks,\" I mutter. I expect him to leave, but he just stands there, staring at me. \"What?\" I ask, noticing a hint of annoyance in my voice. \"Name. What's your name?\" he asks me. He's an awkward guy and I smile a little at how comfortable he is with his awkwardness. \"I'm Lacey. Powell. Lacey Powell,\" I say. Why did I say my name twice? Stupid. \"Well, Lacey Powell, welcome to Van Buren,\" he says, smiling. \"Come on, I'll take you to the cafeteria,\" he says, and without letting me object, he grabs me by the arm and we're running through the mass crowd of people. \"The trick to getting through the halls quickly,\" he shouts to me, \"is running as fast as you can so people can't see who's pushing them.\" Seconds later, we're standing in the cafeteria, which is nice, not as impressive as the ones in some of the schools I've been to, but it's ok. \"You make any friends yet?\" Will asks me. I shake my head. \"Good. Let me introduce you to the band,\" he says. Band? ","Summary":" Another year, another school. It had been exactly 4 years, 3 days and approximately 30 minutes sinc"},{"Movie":"Bandslam","Title":"Letter To My Father","Author":"Mrs.McGinty08","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8332088","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dad I know you're gone and never coming back, but I want you to know a couple things about me. My name is Sa5m. The 5 is silent. I live in Lodi, New Jersey. My favourite drink and straw is respectively, Coke and Twizzlers. I used to stutter when I was young but my stuttering has cleared up. I talk without emotion because I feel emotion is overrated, all emotion does is hurt you. I loved you, and you left. Without emotion, my dreary repetitive existence hurts a lot less. Although you're paying my mom to help raise me, I can never be sure that the cheques are an act of love. For all I know a higher intelligence could be controlling your actions, meanwhile, you could not care at all. I gave up singing after losing the last competition I entered. Mom tried to keep me singing. She kept telling me that the judges were idiots and that I had a beautiful voice but I just couldn't take another loss. I bet if you were here you would tell me that quitting is never the way to go, but considering that's exactly what you did I wouldn't listen. You quit our family a long time ago. I don't have many friends because of my pessimistic outlook and slow monotonous tone of voice, but I do have a few. My best friend is named Will Burton; he is also my boyfriend and the one person who got me to sing again. I am the lead vocalist in the band he manages called I Can't Go On, I'll Go On and sang at Bandslam. Although we lost, we ended up being signed to David Bowie's new Indie label. Normally being signed to some hoity-toity record label wouldn't be exciting to me but after Bandslam, and seeing the crowd's reaction to my singing, I have more confidence. Until Will came along I was comfortably numb, and although he has hurt me, being hurt by him hurts a whole lot less than the hurt I felt when you left. I'm not expecting a reply from you. I would only be kidding myself if I did. You're going to read this letter and soon after forget all about me again, my name will slip your memory, and you will go back to living in ignorant bliss. But before you do, I just wanted you to know a little about me, know that I'm still alive (if you even care), and that I forgive you. Sa5m ","Summary":" Dad I know you're gone and never coming back, but I want you to know a couple things about me. My n"},{"Movie":"Open Range","Title":"Think Twice","Author":"BobWhite","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4323524","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Full Summary: FullnSummary: Buttonnhas a twin sister he hasn't seen since they were four years old.nWhat happens when she comes back into his life? And what happens whennhe find out what she's been up to for the past six years. 6nYears Ago: Willnbe in Italics. Prologue: Buttonn& Elysia had been living in Texas since they were younger thennfour. Their parents had died when they were two & they becamenorphans when they were three. Nobody would take them in. They livednoff the streets until they got separated when they were four. Elysianwent looking for food and when she came back, Button was nowhere tonbe seen. If Elysia had known Button would disappear she wouldn'tnhave left, but she had and now she had to fend for herself. FendingnFor Themselves-Button: Buttonnhad wandered down the street and was taken in by an elderly lady. Henwas kept until he was ten. He'd gone to school but dropped out onlyna couple months after joining, when the elderly woman he'd grown tonknow as mom, had died of a heart attack. He soon was out on thenstreets again. And that's where Boss, Charlie & Mose picked himnup. FendingnFor Themselves-Elysia: Elysianwandered around, trying to look for Button, but couldn't find him.nShe joined a small band of children heading out for another town tonlook for families, but she was never chosen. She moved from one statento another and then ended back up in Texas when she was ten. At thatntime she joined a local gang of outlaws and started dating thenleader. She caught only a glimpse of button on her travels and that'snwhen he was leaving Texas with a bunch of men and there cattle. Shensaw him for only a second and then he was gone. He never looked atnher. He was gone & she was with a new family. Littlendid they know, they would see each other again in six years, in antown called Harmonville...[Chapter 2] Right where the movie leaves off Rightnwhere the movie leaves off. PresentnDay: Harmonville-ThenRiders: Button hadnjust come out of the General store & was walking across thenstreet to the bar to talk to Boss when a group of men rode into town.nHe walked up to the bar, yelled inside for Boss & Charlie, thennwaited for the riders to come up. He noticed that one of the ridersnwas a girl, pregnant, but he couldn't tell what she looked like.nFor more then six years, he had kept hidden the fact that he was antwin. But he didn't know if he would be able to anymore. The ridersnstopped in front of the bar, looking at the men that had just comenout, along with the boy that was starting at them. The boy lookednoddly familiar & John, Elysia's husband figured it out beforenanybody else. This must be the twin brother Elysia had mentionednlosing when she was four. But why did he look so Mexican when shenlooked so Indian? Maybe she had more of her mother in her & henhis father. \" Cannwe help you folks?\" Boss Spearmen asked. \" Wenlookin for a doc. My wife here is pregnant & needs a doc to looknat her. We was ambushed two days past & she be injured. Got a docnwho can look at her?\" John asked. \" Dependsnon if that's the only thing you folks are here for.\" Charlie said. \" Buttonnis that you?\" I asked. \" Yeah,nElysia what happened to you?\" \" Howndo you know this girl, Button?\" Sue asked.nI took the 'kerchief from my face, exposing the same face Buttonnhad. \" I'mnhis twin sister. We was separated when we was four. I guess he camenhere with these men. I joined this gang after joining a small groupnof kids trying to get adopted by folks from the states. But nobodynwanted a half-injun, half-Mexican, so I was never adopted.\" \" Sonyou joined these men and started riding the country doing what?\" Button asked. \" Believenme, if you knew, ya'll would kick us out 'fore I got looked at.\" \" Trynus.\" Boss said. Button looked at us. \" We'renoutlaws. We wanted all over the country. We befriended some Indiansnafter they learned I was half Lakota. They delivered my first childnwhen I was fourteen, but he died only a couple months later, whennsome sheriff recognized us and started shooting. When he learned he'dnkilled a baby, he let us pass by without arrestin' us. Guess henfelt sorry for me, losin' a kid and all.\" \" You'venalready had a kid?\" Button asked. \" Uh-huh.nDoes that bother you Button? Or should I say Emanuel.\" I laughed. Button turned bright red at his given name. He likednButton a whole lot better then Emanuel. His friends kept themselvesnfrom laughing out loud. they had never known his real name.[Chapter 3] Something's Wrong With The Baby: Something'snWrong With The Baby: John, thengang and I were camped just outside of town. John and I had set ourntent up and I was lying down. The doc had told us that I shouldn'tntravel anywhere until the baby was born, which would be a couplenmonths. That suggestion didn't go over well with John and the boys.nThey didn't want to stay in an unknown town where a quick Marshalnprobably thought he could get some quick cash on capturing one of us.nJohn moved from the tent to the fire and I was left alone. The babynwas very active and I didn't want to alert them for no reason. Mynfirst child had been very active as well, although I hadn't justnbeen injured when I was pregnant with him. I driftednoff to sleep, but my mind wouldn't rest. I couldn't believe thatnButton was alive and well after all these years. I had thought thatnmaybe he had survived somehow, but I never knew if he was. My eyesnshot open. The baby was kicking hard now. John and the boys werentalking by the fire about some job. I gritted my teeth, something wasnwrong. My hand moved under my belly. I tried to sit up, but the painnstopped me. I gulped, I could barely breathe. The baby kept kicking;nI heard someone get up from the fire and move to the tent. I rollednonto my side and closed my eyes. I didn't want one of the guys tonknow something was wrong. But it wasn't just one of the guys, itnwas John. John cameninto the tent, pulled back the blanket and laid down next to me. Henput his arm around my waist and on my hand, which was still under mynbelly. He kissed the back of my neck, then stopped. He could feel howntense I was and he sat up. He pulled the lantern forward and lit it,nthen looked into my face. He saw the pain etched in my eyes andnyelled for some of the guys. The guys pulled back the tent flap andnlooked at John. He yelled at them to get help and quick. Some ofnthe guys grabbed their horses and left for the town immediately. Johnnheld me in his arms and I held onto him, whimpering. I had nevernwhimpered, not even when I had given birth to my first child. Johnnkept his hand under my belly, keeping me from pushing. He feltnsomething sticky on my legs and when he pulled his hand from mynbelly, he saw blood. The baby was in trouble and we weren'tnanywhere near the town. About halfnan hour later, we heard the sound of horses approaching and fast. Butnby that time, the blood had stopped. Doc Barlow came into the tentnand knelt down. He wasn't alone. They had brought a wagon withnthem. Sue, Button, Charlie & Boss Spearmen were with him. DocnBarlow looked at me and saw the blood on John's hand. He told Johnnthey had to get me back to his house quickly. John picked me up; thenblanket wrapped around my body, my arms around is neck. He put me innthe wagon; Sue was already in the wagon. She pulled me in then Johnngot in after me. Sue put my head on her lap; John kept my hand in hisnhand. Doc Barlow got in after John and Boss Spearmen turned the wagonnaround and headed back into town. The guys followed after putting thencamp fire out and gathering up all our gear. By the time the guys hadngotten to the Doc's house, we were inside and I was on the bed. John heldnmy hand, my eyes tightly shut. I gulped, moaned in pain. Sue was innthe room with Doc Barlow, but Button, Boss Spearmen and Charlie werenout in the sitting area. The guys were outside, pacing, waiting to bentold what was going on. ","Summary":" Full Summary: FullnSummary: Buttonnhas a twin sister he hasn't seen since they were four years old."},{"Movie":"Bandslam","Title":"Comfortably Numb","Author":"KuuipoGirlxo","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5618665","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey everyone! I haven't written in too long, and I litterally wrote this in a couple of hours. It's my first Bandslam fic so it may be a little rusty. Thanks Tamy for fixing my English-ism. :P Happy reading! xo Comfortably Numb. Dear Journal, I don't know why I'm writing in this journal, but I have nothing else to do. So, I guess I better introduce myself. I'm Sa5m. The five is silent. Don't ask why, it just is okay? Okay now I'm asking a journal to not ask why. I'm losing my mind. I guess you'd probably call me unpopular. An outcast. Introverted. Whatever. But that's only because no-one's ever tried to change that. No-one's ever even tried to get to know me. I'm a little bit different, so what? Don't I deserve a chance? I've never had a proper friend. Well I did in kindergarten, but that was before I could talk. It all went downhill when I could. I'd hate to think people are that shallow, but the truth is they are. I use to have a stutter and as soon as people discovered that, they didn't want to know. Who wants to wait five minutes for someone to complete a sentence?…That's what I thought. Thank goodness I'm writing this, because you'd get bored of my monotonous voice. But I've always said; emotion is overrated. I said \"I've always said\" but what I mean is, I've always said to…myself. You can't say that to high school kids without getting a colossal amount of raised eyebrows, and I get that just walking down the halls anyway. I guess I'm not a \"normal\" high school student, I'm not popular, or cool. I like to listen to music by Bread and The Sex Pistols, not The Backstreet Boys or Fergie. I like to watch movies like Bram Stoker's Dracula, and Evil Dead 2, rather than The Notebook and Along Came Polly. With Martin Van Buren being a school known for it's Battle Of The Bands, more well known as; Bandslam, you would think this school would live for music, breathe for music, like I do, but I guess this student body's idea of rock n roll is slightly different to mine. I've always been old-fashioned in my tastes in music, The Clash, and Velvet Underground is my kinda thing, whereas most of Van Buren's students rock knowledge goes as far as Pink and Evanescence. I mean, those artists are great. But my feelings for music just go further than listening to people you hear on the radio everyday. I pride myself on being able to listen to something and wondering \"how many other people have even HEARD of these guys?\". It may sound stupid, but I don't care. I love it. I have yet to find someone who feels the same, I wonder if I ever will. So yeah, as we've clarified I'm not a natural high school student, because natural high school students have friends, no? I am actually a nice person, ask…my mom. She's the only person who'd know I guess. My dad would probably say the same, but he died when I was eleven. I miss him more & more everyday. He was the one who got me into all of the music I love today. There wouldn't be a day gone by where he wasn't blasting out Chuck Berry or Jerry Lee Lewis from his tatty old radio. He'd always say \"This is REAL music, Samantha. Don't you forget that.\" with one of his famous winks, one of the winks that captured my mom's heart in the late 70's. She's never had the same twinkle in her eye since he died… Man, this is depressing, this is basically counselling. I've not told anyone at all about these feelings, because I've never had anyone to tell it too, no friends remember? But…you're my friend journal, aren't you? Sheesh. I think I may go now journal, this is bringing me down majorly, and that's saying something, since my natural facial expression looks like my dog just died. But if you were me, wouldn't you be the same? I don't expect you to reply. No-one ever does. Anyway, I've learnt to accept my social status now. Let's just say I've become…comfortably numb. Sa5m, signing out. _________________ Thanks for reading, hope you enjoyed! Reviews are much appreciated! xo ","Summary":" Hey everyone! I haven't written in too long, and I litterally wrote this in a couple of hours. It's"},{"Movie":"Bandslam","Title":"Girl Problems","Author":"ChasingGhosts","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5310059","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I wish Bandslam had been mine. Author's Note : I haven't written anything in a very long time, so I'm apologizing in advance if this is crap. There are several moments in the movie that should have warranted a, \"Dear David Bowie\" letter, and this is one of those moments. This hasn't been edited or proof read yet. I'm not going to lie, I just really want to be the first person to post a Bandslam fanfic, so I'll go back and edit this later on. Dear David Bowie, I never thought I'd say this, but I, Will Burton, have girl problems. I bet that's something you never thought you'd hear. Heck, I'm still having issues comprehending it. Will Burton has girl problems. I have girl problems. I. Have. Girl. Problems. It still doesn't seem possible. A few months ago I didn't even have a friend, save for my mother, but let's face it; if you consider your mom your friend, then you definitely don't have any friends. And now, I'm managing a band, I'm friends with the schools ex-head cheerleader, and I have girl problems. It doesn't seem right does it? I'm not entirely sure if moving to New Jersey thrust me into an alternate universe or not, but if this is all real, then I definitely need some advice. It sounds girly, I know, but now that I know what it's like to have friends, I don't particularly feel like talking to my mom about this. Charlotte will probably offer me advice and help me plan some way to fix this. But considering the fact that she already had to educate me in how to kiss a girl, I fear that I may be totally emasculated if I ask her for help once again. I don't think I'm close enough to the guys in the band to ask them for advice. At least not without Basher giving me another glare that leaves me quivering in my Chuck Taylors. The guy is a drummer. He's got that whole broody, wounded soul thing going for him, that I've heard girls like, and only dates older girls; I'm doubting whether he's ever had girl problems other than the fact that they're too clinging or not old enough. So that's why I'm asking you for advice. Not something I'd usually do in my emails, but ever since we moved to New Jersey, I've been doing different things; might as well do something different in my emails too. You know that girl I kissed last week? The one with the hat? Her name is Sa5m, and I think I really screwed things up with her. No, that isn't a typo, she really does spell her name with a 5. It's silent. It's part of what makes her so unbelievably cool. I know I said Charlotte was the coolest person on the planet, but Sa5m… Sa5m's different. She used to stutter, so now she talks with this really deadpanned, monotone voice, which admittedly I thought was kind of weird. But she doesn't even care that people think it's weird. That's another thing that makes her cool; she doesn't seem to care that she's not like every other girl at school. She's always reading, like always, she drinks her coke using a twizzler as a straw and her favorite movie is Evil Dead 2. Side note, I looked up the movie and it's prequel on Wikipedia, this is definitely no chick flick, and I doubt Sa5m invited me just so she could hide in the crook of my neck when a scary moment happened. Overall, the word 'normal' isn't exactly what I'd use to describe Sa5m. But it's all part of why I like her. I feel like on some sort of level she gets me. I'm feeling really girly right about now. Almost like I'm a guest on Oprah and the topic is something lame like, 'How to get a guy to feel emasculated in three minutes flat.' But yeah, Sa5m knows what it's like not to have friends, so we can relate on that level. I don't feel overly nervous around her like I do with Charlotte sometimes. Not that it's a bad thing; it's more comforting than anything. And I haven't gotten to the best bit yet. She likes The Aggrolites! Well, at least the song, 'Free Time.' But the best bit is that I didn't even have to explain what kind of music it was, she just got it! The fact that she understood it moved her up to like, number four in my book. Not even Charlotte got it when I played the song for her; though to be fair she's more of a rocker chick than anything else. I went over to Sa5m's house after school today to apologize again. She wouldn't listen to a word I said. But her mom showed me this old video of Sa5m at a talent show. Sa5m's full of surprises. Just when I think I might actually have her figured out, she does something that throws me off. I found out today that she knows how to play the acoustic guitar. I have no idea how that never came up in our conversations before, especially since she knows about the whole Bandslam thing. But she knows how to play the guitar, and how to sing too. And she's amazing. Like, really, really amazing. And I'm not just saying that because I like her. The judges had to be morons not to give her first place. She played a cover of Bread's, 'Everything I Own,' and I've never seen her look so vulnerable, and so unlike herself. Sa5m's definitely more complicated and interesting than anyone gives her credit for. Finding out about this other side to her is only making me want to know more, and making me feel like more of an ass than I did before. I need to fix this whole mess. You see, I kind of stood her up on Saturday night. And by 'kind of', I mean, I did. I know what you're thinking, how could I stand up the only girl that's ever really liked me? To be honest, I have no idea either. I don't know what happened! Charlotte invited me to see one of the bands that are competing in Bandslam, The Burning Hotels; they're kind of a mix of The Killers and maybe Franz Ferdinand, and the next thing I know I'm at my first gig ever doing a stage dive into the mosh pit. All the while Sa5m is standing on the side of the street, outside the college, completely dateless and feeling rejected. Rejected by Will Burton. That can't be a good feeling. I don't know when I turned into this huge jerk, but I have to fix this. Sa5m may not be like other girls, but something tells me the saying, \"Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned\" applies to all women. Do you have any tips or ideas on how I could fix this? I thought about the whole serenading her thing, but Sa5m doesn't strike me as the type to fall for that. Even if Charlotte claims that Sa5m likes me enough to be doodling \"Mrs. Will Burton\" on her Chuck Taylors. That, and well, there's a reason I'm the manager of I Can't Go On, I'll Go On, and not the lead singer. I've got to think of something unique and heartfelt, without looking like a total cheese ball. Humiliating myself might work too. If my plan doesn't work, and she doesn't forgive me, at least she'll feel better that she wasn't the only one humiliated when I stood her up. I still can't believe I did that to her. I'm not exactly being chased by every girl at school, who am I to stand up anybody, let alone the coolest, most unique girl I know? Now I've really got to stop this segment of Oprah before I feel even more emasculated than I already am. I'm fairly certain the segment was a hit; it didn't even take three minutes to achieve the goal. Nice work Oprah. Your number one fan, Will Burton. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I wish Bandslam had been mine. Author's Note : I haven't written anything in a very lon"},{"Movie":"Bandslam","Title":"An Unexpected Friendship","Author":"ChasingGhosts","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5444956","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: Sadly Bandslam does not belong to me. If it did I would have marketed it better than Summit did. Author's Note : Sa5m is definitely no Gabriella Montez, that's for sure. I have no idea whether it will turn out well or not, but this is my attempt at giving Sa5m some much needed back story and fulfilling my wish for more Sa5m/Charlotte interaction. This plays off the scene where Charlotte \"meets\" Sa5m, and is meant to be after the Bandslam competition. Summary: \"Charlotte, if you're expecting me to be best friends with you, just so we can have girl talk and gossip about guys, then please let me out right now.\" They weren't exactly friends, but maybe one car ride could change that. Friendship oneshot. Charlotte: Don't tell me you're the world famous Sam, the five is silent? For that alone you are my hero. I'm Charlotte, nice to meet you. Sa5m: I've known you since fifth grade. You used to babysit me. Charlotte: Oh. …… …… …… Carefully taking a bite out of her twizzler, Sa5m wordlessly made her way through the dark streets of New Jersey, on her way to the nearest bus stop. Upon hearing a group of Glory Dogs' fangirls on the other side of the road, who were apparently distraught over their loss, she looked up. All the girls were dressed in cheesy band shirts that had the band members' faces printed on the front, with the American flag being used as a backdrop. Unable to resist, Sa5m rolled her eyes and let out a small scoff; any local band that thought that they were cool enough to put the American flag on their band merchandise deserved to lose. Ben Wheatly and the Glory Dogs were cheaters. She didn't care whether or not Charlotte knew that they were going to play her song. Wasn't it fair to assume that if the person who wrote the song was no longer in your band, that using their song was out of line? Screw the fact that Ben probably thought singing Charlotte's song would be \"sweet,\" that was their Bandslam song! They had a much better arrangement for \"Somebody to Fall Back On,\" than they did anyway. And not that Sa5m was one to toot her own horn, but she was certain she would've sung it better than Ben too. If they had performed the song it wouldn't have sounded like a cheesy country song either. Caught up in her own thoughts Sa5m hadn't even noticed that Charlotte had been slowly driving along side her. \"Sa5m?\" Charlotte asked, as she called out her passenger side window, \"What are you doing?\" Sa5m stopped momentarily glancing at who was talking to her before she continued to walk. \"Walking to the bus stop,\" she answered, as if it were the most obvious thing in the world. \"But why?\" Charlotte questioned, as she continued to drive along side Sa5m. Out of the corner of her eye Sa5m shot Charlotte a lazy look. \"So I can get home,\" she replied, still not bothering to stop walking. \"No, I know why, I just thought Will and Karen were giving you a ride home.\" Sa5m tilted her head to the side giving Charlotte a half shrug. \"They were. Until I noticed that Karen kept giving me these looks,\" she answered, taking another bite out of her twizzler. \"It was like she wanted to know what my 'intentions' towards Will were,\" she added, rolling her eyes slightly. Sa5m was fairly certain that Will wasn't a five year old boy disguised in an older boys' body, and that he didn't need his mother watching out for him every second of everyday. It wasn't like she was going to corrupt him or anything. What was the worst that she could do? Show him the wonders of 80's cult comedy/horror films, and teach him that life existed outside the realm of music? Yeah, she was real life threatening. If anything her presence was helping Will. It was just weird that someone who insisted on filming random life events and who created his own movies knew nothing about classic cult movies. Charlotte let out a small laugh, \"Yeah, well I know first hand how protective of Will Karen can be.\" \"Figured as much,\" she replied, still making her way down the street. \"But all this parental involvement is a little too much for me,\" she continued, shaking her head slightly to show her distaste. \"So I'm taking the bus.\" Finally bringing her car to a halt, Charlotte leaned over and opened the passenger door. \"Hop in.\" Coming to a complete stop, Sa5m turned to look at Charlotte who offered her a kind smile. She considered her options; she could either take Charlotte's offer and would undoubtedly have to sit through an extremely awkward and potentially life threatening car ride; Will had told her about Charlotte's treacherous driving. Or she could continue towards the bus stop and could potentially have to sit next to an old perverted man, who would surely try to hit on her. Charlotte… Old man… Charlotte… Old man. Surprisingly, this was a very tough decision. \"Come on, you'll get home faster if I give you a ride,\" Charlotte commented, sensing the younger girls reluctance. Still Sa5m didn't make any movements to get into the car. \"I'd hurry and decide if I were you, because those Glory Dogs' fangirls up ahead look like they might try to bring you over to the dark side,\" she added in amusement, as she cocked her head towards the group of girls walking towards them. Sa5m turned her head to where Charlotte was looking, and sure enough there was another group of Glory Dogs' fangirls. These girls were dressed similarly to the previous ones, only this time these girls seemed to be handing out flyers, and trying to get people to sign what looked to be a petition. Sa5m rolled her eyes, only fangirls would try and fight the decision. Accidentally she caught one of the girls' eyes, and unfortunately unable to recognize her as the opposition, the girl called out to her. Deciding fast that Charlotte and her reckless driving was a better option than crazed fans, Sa5m hoped into the car. \"Thanks,\" she murmured quietly once she had buckled her seatbelt. Now the only sounds that could be heard were the screeching of Charlotte's tires, the soft melody of some band that Sa5m could not identify, and the quick snaps of the twizzler each time Sa5m took a bite. To say the car ride was awkward would be an understatement. Sa5m didn't think it was possible, but the car ride was potentially even more awkward than she had anticipated. Whilst Sa5m had come to watch the band practice a few times before Charlotte had quit, the two had never actually built up a friendship. In fact, the pair had never really had a proper conversation. And whenever they did talk, Will had always been present and had served as a buffer between the two. Not that they hated each other or anything, but Sa5m was just cautious whilst in Charlotte's presence. Unlike Will who had seemingly forgiven Charlotte for using them as an 'experiment,' Sa5m was still a little bit wary. She had been fortunate enough to experience what Charlotte had been like before the year began, and even though she appeared to have changed, Sa5m hadn't been entirely convinced. It wasn't just that however that made Sa5m so guarded in her presence. But it was also because Charlotte was the talented, gorgeous, older girl. She had been the head cheerleader, and had been the lead female singer in two of the schools' biggest bands. She was exactly the kind of girl that she would expect Will, and the rest of the male student body, to have a crush on. Even though Sa5m had forgiven Will for standing her up in favor of going to The Burning Hotels gig with Charlotte, it still didn't change the fact that it hurt to know that the one time she had put herself on the line and asked a guy out, that he had stood her up to be with Charlotte. Someone he claimed to just be friends with. Realistically she knew that it was more likely to be Will's obsession with music that caused him to forget, but just the fact that Charlotte was involved made her feel uneasy. Girls who always had their noses in books and who spent their nights watching old movies didn't compare to rock goddesses. Even if Sa5m did think she rocked out with the best of them tonight. \"So… you and Will huh?\" Charlotte asked, abruptly breaking the awkward silence between the two. The younger girl narrowed her eyes at the question. \"What about us?\" Ignoring Sa5m's reaction, Charlotte gave her a bright smile. \"You're together right? Or almost together? I knew you liked him!\" she exclaimed happily. Turning her head sharply, Sa5m shot Charlotte a menacing glance. Given the size of the younger girl, it was surprisingly intimidating. Had Basher seen the look, he would have been proud. \"Charlotte, if by accepting this lift you're expecting me to all of a sudden want to be best friends with you, just so we can have girl talk and gossip about guys, then please let me out right now.\" Charlotte rose one perfectly arched eyebrow, and bit back the amused smile that was now playing across her face. \"Touchy subject?\" she prompted jokingly. \"I don't do girl talk,\" Sa5m grumbled out, her voice sounding even lower than it usually did. Removing one hand from the steering wheel, Charlotte gave Sa5m a mock solute. \"Noted,\" she replied, the tone of her voice making it clear that she hadn't been offended. Sa5m thought for a moment, normally she would have dismissed the conversation completely, but Will and Charlotte were pretty much best friends. Well, with the exception of Karen. And if she ever wanted for things with Will to move past the 'Friends' stage, she would have to make some sort of an effort to play nice with Charlotte. Even if it was going to be excruciatingly painful. The younger girl sighed and gave in, \"It's just… I don't have many friends, especially not ones that want to talk about guys and gossip. This is kind of new,\" she spoke, hoping she hadn't sounded too pathetic. Charlotte smiled back effortlessly. \"Don't sweat it. I'll remember to stick to safe topics next time.\" Immediately Sa5m felt more at ease and felt herself smiling back at Charlotte softly. She had her uncertainties about Charlotte, but it was easy to see why Will liked spending time with her. As much as it pained her to admit it, despite the fact that Will had ditched her for Charlotte, the girl was kind of cool. At least for someone who used to be the head cheerleader and had her own Wikipedia page. Seriously, who in the world had their own Wikipedia page? Only famous people needed Wikipedia pages, and Charlotte was hardly what Sa5m would classify as famous. \"You were pretty amazing up there tonight. Don't think I could have rocked out any better if I played it myself,\" Charlotte complimented, hoping she hadn't sounded too self conceded. \"And the fact that you guys pretty much got it together on the spot, major kudos.\" Out of the corner of her eye, Charlotte could see how apprehensive the younger girl was. \"Seriously,\" she added with a wide grin. \"Um, thanks. It was mostly Will's idea though.\" \"Maybe so, but you guys got up on stage and performed it like you'd done it a million times before; couldn't tell that it had been your first time at all.\" When Sa5m didn't respond, Charlotte continued in hopes to keep the conversation flowing. \"So, I never knew you could play.\" \"I'm not surprised,\" she replied simply, as she took a bite out of her twizzler and watched the flurry of houses fly by the window. \"I think I'm missing something here,\" Charlotte concluded, clearly confused. Sa5m turned her head back towards the blonde. \"You really don't remember any of it, do you?\" she asked in disbelief. Charlotte shook her head slowly, feeling as if she should have known exactly what Sa5m was referring to. \"No, but I'm guessing I should know.\" On the inside Sa5m wanted to laugh. Wow. Charlotte Barnes really did have absolutely no recollection of ever babysitting her, or meeting her before Will came along. Considering the fact that Sa5m had once upon a time idolized the older girl, this new revelation was slightly disheartening. \"So, what exactly should I be remembering?\" Charlotte hinted. Sa5m shrugged, no longer wanting to divulge the pairs past. \"It doesn't matter anymore. Forget I even mentioned it.\" \"Okay now I really want to know,\" Charlotte exclaimed, as she waved her right hand around the air for emphasis. \"Who knew your guitar skills could be such a touchy subject.\" Maybe for you it isn't, Sa5m commented mentally. Sighing, she wished that for once that she could have stopped herself from making a snarky comment. Maybe she should have decided to brave the crazy fans and the perverted old man, and taken the bus instead. At least talking to either of them would have led to this conversation. Once again she weighed up her options. She could continue to avoid the topic of conversation entirely, which truthfully sounded like the best option to her. But Charlotte was persistent; she wouldn't give up easily, and if she talked to Will about it, then he would be on her case too, and she'd eventually have to tell them both. Telling one of them was going to be hard enough, but telling both of them would just be plain torture. There were some things she would prefer Will found out later. Much later. Or not at all worked too. Alternatively she could tell Charlotte the truth… after all, Charlotte had experienced some of it too, and now that Sa5m had sparked a memory, it was entirely possible that she could just remember exactly what had happened herself. Sa5m didn't think it was very likely, but it was possible. At least if she straight out told Charlotte the truth she could limit what Charlotte knew of the story. But telling her would be the right thing to do if they were ever to become 'friends.' Mentally she groaned at the thought. This whole playing nice and making friends thing was beginning to sound like a real drag. Why did Will have to be best friends with the blonde again? Couldn't he have picked someone who didn't know details about her past? Although, now that she thought about it, if anyone was to understand, it would be Charlotte. She may have been the leader of the peppy jumping jacks, or as they were more commonly known as, the cheerleaders, but she try to change for her father's health, that must've been a sign that she understood. At least Sa5m hoped it was a sign. Letting out a reluctant sigh, Sa5m prepared herself for the big confession. Feelings and emotions didn't need to be shared, as far as she was concerned. If she stuck to the facts, and told it like it was, the whole thing would be over faster, and be a whole lot less painful. \"I used to love playing the guitar,\" she began as she continued to look out the window. \"My dad had played it for as long as I could remember, and like the Daddy's girl I used to be, I wanted to be just like him. So I asked him to try and teach me,\" Sa5m said, reminiscing on the past. \"I remember the first time you came to babysit me. You had your guitar, and I remember being instantly in complete awe of you. You were so pretty, and nice, and you could play, so you were automatically one of the coolest people I had ever met. By then my dad had taught me a bit, so I tried to impress you with my skills. You never really paid much attention. You'd make snide comments about how maybe if I was older I'd be as good as you were and stuff like that, but it just made me want to try even harder.\" Sa5m gave a short laugh, \"It was actually pretty pathetic looking back on it. I admired you so much, and you never really gave me the time of day. The only time you ever noticed was the first time I stopped trying to get your attention.\" Charlotte winced at Sa5m's words, now regretting pressing the issue. It was no secret that before her dad had gotten sick, that she wasn't exactly the nicest person in the world, but to dismiss a ten year old like that was just plain cruel; especially one that had idolized her so much. \"What happened?\" she questioned tentatively, unsure whether to even wanted to find out the rest of the story. Sa5m breathed in deeply and took a bite out of another twizzler before continuing. \"My dad got hit by this idiot drunk driver. He was pretty broken up, but he was going to live. I guess like you did, I tried to do something that would make him better. In all my naivety, I thought that if I entered this talent competition and I won, that he'd get better. I learnt one of his favorite songs on the guitar and I played it at the competition. I didn't win. My dad said he was proud of me anyway, but then he got hit with his infection… He didn't make it. After that I didn't want to keep playing, and I haven't actually touched my guitar until now,\" she finished, her voice feigning disinterest, but Charlotte knew better. Silence encircled the two as Sa5m's words sunk in. Hearing the whole story only seemed to further Charlotte's guilt. As if it wasn't bad enough to be a bitch to her, but to do it when her dad was sick just made her feel a whole lot worse. \"I'm sorry. For your dad, for being such a bitch to you,\" she apologized sincerely. \"I know it doesn't mean much now, but I am.\" Inwardly Sa5m smiled, two apologizes from the girl in one day. That was definitely a far cry from the Charlotte she had known when she was ten. Maybe she had really changed, Sa5m mused. On the outside, Sa5m simply shrugged, not wanting to make a big deal out of it. \"It's in the past, but thanks. And I'm sorry about your dad too.\" Nodding Charlotte went back to concentrating on the road, tapping the steering wheel as she tried to remember exactly what she had been like to Sa5m, but she couldn't remember babysitting any little girls that played the guitar except for this one bright, bubbly girl with wild curls. Cocking her head to the side she took a moment to really look at Sa5m. The little girl she remembered could have been her. They did have similar hair, but Sa5m didn't exactly smile enough to be her. \"Don't take this the wrong way, but the only kid I ever remember babysitting that played the guitar was this girl who used to always smile. She had this stutter; it was cute until she got so excited that you couldn't understand a word of what she said. That couldn't have been you right?\" she asked carefully. Rolling her eyes Sa5m took another bite out of her twizzler and looked directly into Charlotte's eyes. \"I guess losing a parent can change a girl then,\" she confirmed monotonously, purposely replying ambiguously, knowing it could be applied to both of them. Charlotte nodded thoughtfully. \"I guess so.\" Finally pulling up to Sa5m's house, Charlotte parked the car and turned off the engine. \"Thanks for the ride,\" Sa5m said, as she made a move to unbuckle her seatbelt. \"Wait,\" Charlotte said as Sa5m halted her movements, and looked at the blonde curiously. \"I know I don't remember him much, but your dad… I'm sure he was really proud of you up there tonight.\" Sa5m couldn't help but smile back. \"I hope so.\" \"And if you wanted you could come by and practice sometime. Maybe I could teach you a song or two,\" Charlotte offered trying not to seem too desperate to help. \"Charlotte, you know you don't have to try and make up for the past now. Its fine,\" Sa5m said, questioning the girl's intentions. The blonde shook her head, \"It's not like that,\" she paused when Sa5m looked at her pointedly. \"Okay, maybe a bit. But I really feel bad, and I want to make it up to you. This isn't some pity thing. You enjoyed yourself on stage today, don't lie, you did. And I just think it'd be really sad to see your talent go to waste like that.\" She watched Sa5m consider the offer. \"Your dad would be really glad to see you doing something you love again,\" she added softly. Sa5m smirked, \"That was a little desperate.\" Charlotte laughed lightly, \"A little, but did it work?\" Sa5m shrugged. \"I suppose I could come around sometime.\" \"Great!\" Charlotte responded enthusiastically. \"Charlotte, just because I told you everything about my dad doesn't mean that we're suddenly best friends or anything, I'm not going to-\" the brunette began before she was cut off. \"Yeah yeah, I've heard it all before. Just 'cause you told me all this super private stuff and we're going to jam together doesn't mean you're going to go all girly on me, and gush about how much you're into Will, yada yada,\" Charlotte finished off. Sa5m opened her mouth, slightly appalled and shot her a glare. \"First of all, I'm never going to 'gush.'\" \"You deny the gushing, but I noticed you didn't deny liking Will.\" Charlotte teased jokingly. The slightly more menacing glare Charlotte received in response was enough to tell her to shut her mouth. \"Okay, stopping.\" Sa5m narrowed her eyes, but continued. \"Secondly, I was going to say that yes, I'm not going to go all girly on you, but… thanks. For you know, listening to me talk about my dad and offering to teach me a few things,\" she said not wanting to seem ungrateful. \"And I guess… I just wanted to say, that if you wanted to talk about your dad or anything, you know, to someone who knows what it's like… I'm here if you want,\" she added quietly. Charlotte grinned. \"Thanks, I'll keep that in mind.\" She watched the girl thoughtfully as she unbuckled her seatbelt and stepped out of the car. \"You're not half bad at this girl talk, you know.\" \"Don't get too attached to it,\" Sa5m countered dryly. \"I wouldn't dare!\" Charlotte called out the window as she started up the car and reversed down the driveway. As she opened the door to her house, Sa5m turned back to see Charlotte waving her hand in goodbye, gesturing likewise, Sa5m entered the house smiling slightly to herself. She may have been apprehensive about Charlotte before the car ride, but now she was sure Charlotte had changed. After all, she couldn't hold a grudge on the girl for the past forever, and it wasn't like Sa5m herself didn't know what it was like to want to change yourself to help a loved one. Maybe Sa5m would never be that girl that she was when she was ten; that girl who laughed, and smiled all day long. And maybe that would mean she'd never want to stay over at Charlotte's house, whilst they painted each others nails some horrid color, and talked about celebrity gossip and guys. But maybe they didn't need to ever be the classic best friends that all the books and the movies depicted. Not that she believed that one conversation meant they would be best friends, but it was a start. In the very least tonight had proved that the two shared some common ground, and that they weren't as different as Sa5m initially thought. It wasn't much, especially given the fact that the chances of Sa5m willingly wanting to discuss her dad again, so soon after tonight, were very slim, but at least it was something. And something jump starting their friendship was better than nothing. Maybe for now something was enough. Author's Note: So… how was it? Reviews would be lovely! ","Summary":" Disclaimer: Sadly Bandslam does not belong to me. If it did I would have marketed it better than Su"},{"Movie":"Agent Cody Banks","Title":"The Red-Shining Sun","Author":"90TheGeneral09","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9289954","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Red-Shining Sun From the beginning, this business of going to Airborne school for three weeks this coming summer had been deadly serious. Hans had needed to join the German Army- literally called that even in German, \"Deutsches Heer\"- before he could even be considered. Basic training in Germany had taken a month and a half and been challenging, but Hans was up for it. At seventeen years old, he was in superb shape, working out regularly with highly intensive four-mile runs a part of his weekly routine. Hans had graduated on time from basic with the German Army's basic armour school in June, and on July 1st was sent to Fort Benning, Georgia to attend the United States Army's Airborne School. There were ten other Germans present and a lot of ROTC cadets, as well as a handful of cadets from the American military college, the one the Army operated at West Point, New York. The Germans of the summer 2005 class were not exactly what any of the ROTC cadets had expected they would be. Too many Americans grew up- even in 2005, a full sixty years since the end of World War II- knowing about Germans only what they had gleaned from a lot of video games, movies and pop culture references- the majority of which, even in the 21st century, are focused on the Nazi years and a Germany long since vanished into the past. Instead, the German soldiers of today- two of whom had already passed the German airborne infantry school in Altenstadt, Bavaria- were a completely different kind of German soldier. They were not taught to obey orders unquestioningly, but instead to always consider the moral implications of what they were doing. To not act blindly, but carefully- and always, to be accountable to their conscience before anyone or anything else. The days of blind obedience in the German Army had been over for years by the time Hans Schreuder came to Fort Benning in the summer of 2005. However, this was not to suggest that they were not skilled in the tasks and drills of being a soldier, or that they did not know how to obey their superiors inside and outside of combat. The difference simply was that the modern German soldier was expected to obey his conscience most of all. Too many had died because of the mistakes of the past- because the old Germany had let its collective conscience fall by the wayside in its pursuit of greatness. The soldiers of the new Germany- the ones that accompanied Hans Schreuder to Airborne school that summer- were a completely different breed of soldier from the ones their grandfathers and great-grandfathers had been, but they were unmistakably German soldiers. Used to seeing foreign soldiers come through from time to time- and thankful that the Germans in particular could be trusted to reliably speak English- the airborne instructors were demanding just as they were with any of the others to come through their school. Hans spent a lot of time shouting \"Yes, Sergeant Airborne!\" or \"No, Sergeant Airborne!\" and doing a lot of things very well, very quickly. Or rather, learning to- and then doing them that way. In Airborne school, Hans right away, there was only one speed. Not your speed, or even the Army's speed, but Sergeant Airborne's speed. It was the only one that counted and that was the speed at which every task and drill would be done. Of course, after already attending Basic Armored Troops School with the German Army in June and having done extensive, regular workouts and runs for over a year prior to basic, Hans was in superb shape when he reached Airborne school. The course was still demanding for Hans, each of the three weeks a challenge. He had to pay attention every minute of every day, and to be ready to give it 110% at any time. Of course, there was a difference between being ready to give it your all and then some, and actually doing it. Something Hans realised within the first week was that you needed to pace yourself; you would never last if you were quite literally throwing yourself into it and then some, every minute of the day. You were just gonna wear yourself out that doing it like that. It was a hard lesson for many of the ROTC and West Point cadets to learn- for they turned out to make up the entirety of Hans' class besides himself and the other nine Germans. Hans, a fast learner who was rapidly growing into a skilled soldier, taught the cadets his way as best he could, teaching them to pace themselves and not drive too hard, too often. Many of them listened, and of those who did nearly all of them ultimately made it. The Germans with Hans were all young soldiers, some attending as part of completing their commando training for assignment to Germany's Special Operations Division, and the oldest of them was Lukas Wilhelm, the twenty-year-old sergeant with two first names. Strong-jawed and handsome, he quickly nicknamed the consulate staff member's son \"Bubi Hans\", effectively nicknaming him \"Baby Hans\" due to his being not only the youngest German soldier present, but the youngest in the entire airborne class. Hans was not only young- 17- but he looked it too, so a nickname like the one he was given was more or less inevitable. In spite of this, however, Hans earned not only the respect of his fellow Germans but of all the American cadets, going by the words of the Latin motto: \"Facta Non Verba\", or \"Actions Not Words\". Hans believed not in bragging or bravado, not in telling someone all about what you were going to do, but in simply stepping up and doing it. And doing it so well that even a hundred years later, people would still step back and marvel at how well you did it. It was a common attitude among Germans, the reason their cars, tanks and aircraft, their machine guns and electronics equipment, stood among the very best in the world in the 21st century. The cause of this was not so much a relentless pursuing of excellence- which was true in its own way- but a matter-of-fact intolerance for anything that wasn't done right. To a German, if something was to be done at all, it was to be done as well as possible. Otherwise it was shoddy work, not worth the maker's or the customer's time. Hans had come to Airborne school hoping to give his English some practice- which he did, though truth be told he actually spoke perfect English- but ended up speaking almost as much German instead. Among the ROTC and West Point cadets were several who were learning the language that the foreign soldiers spoke, and in the off time they had in the evenings Hans and the other Germans were often asked if they would be willing to help a West Point or ROTC cadet practice his German. Hans was grateful for the chance, too- though of course he had to pretend to be calm and gracious in granting these requests when he had time, rather than elated at the chance to continue practicing his German and making sure he did indeed speak it fluently. The American cadets, despite being several years older than Hans- in 19-21 to his 17- were also coming to him for advice on PT, parachute rigging or just general curiosities about Hans' mottled, dark green-brown uniform and the German Army in general. The American college boys had so many questions for the German teenager, and it was a wonder Hans found time to answer even half of them. They were so curious, those American cadets. They had never met German soldiers before and knew they had a rare opportunity to learn about them firsthand. All of the Germans at Airborne for that class were professionals, polite and respectful to both their instructors and to the American classmates alongside them. The American boys seemed particularly interested in \"Bubi Hans\", however; they were amazed a teenager who was not even finished high school was not only attending airborne school but excelling at it. Hans was up front in the formation on every PT run, and sometimes when he was walking around the barracks in his trousers and boots after the end of the day's training Hans was sure he could see one or two of the American cadets trying not to gawk at the German teenager's impressive physique. Impressive might have been an inadequate word, however; Hans was more than impressive. He could almost surpass the instructors at their own PT games. His shoulders were massive, boulder-like things, looking as if at a quick flex they could block up a doorway. His arms were like a football player's- professional, not high school- and Hans' paving-slab-like pecs overshadowed a cobblestone of six strong ab muscles that was steadily growing to eight. The other Germans were impressed- after enough nights of Hans being seen shirtless in the barracks the name \"Bubi Hans\" certainly saw less use- but they also knew how to conceal this better than the American cadets, some of whom almost literally gawked when they saw what incredible shape the teenager was in. The American ROTC and West Point cadets' respect for Hans went beyond just his physical condition, however. They were impressed enough at his quiet courage, his willingness to volunteer and his calm, steely resolve to be the best at absolutely everything. Hans could have swaggered around the barracks like a modern teenage Hercules, but instead chose not to- he preferred to remain a more subtle figure, letting his actions instead speak for him. The Americans- and the Germans- all respected him for that. On the final day of Airborne school- the last day and the first night jump had been saved for this last day of Jump Week by a kind and caring set of Sergeant Airborne's- Hans got a fantastic idea. The 0500 PT run was unexpectedly moved up to 0430, with the result that when the airborne instructors got up to wake their charges for formation, they noticed a most unusual sound. Coming up the road past the barracks- distant but growing louder every second- a formation of some 50 soldiers, all of them joyously shouting the same words. The same song. An airborne song, but not an American one, and a lot of the American cadets in the formation struggled to keep up with the words. All of them enjoyed immensely, however, the upbeat, rousing cadence of the song. It was clearly intended to steel the nerves of men who had every right to be scared, but had volunteered to surrender that right. They would do better- be better- and this song was all about that. Rot scheint die Sonne, fertig gemacht Wer weiß ob sie morgen für uns auch noch lacht? Werft an die Motoren, schiebt Vollgas hinein, Startet los, flieget ab, heute geht es zum Feind! An die Maschinen, an die Maschinen, Kamerad, da gibt es kein zurück! Fern im Osten stehen dunkle Wolken Komm' mit und zage nicht, komm' mit! As the formation jogged up to the front of their barracks and halted before their stunned instructors, Hans- and more than a few of the others- had to fight to keep a grin off his face. This was clearly a new one. The PT they had for that morning's scheduled run was the hardest the July 22nd, 2005 class had ever endured, not to mention it doubled the number of miles they ran from four to eight. The instructors cleverly pointed out that even if the Krauts wanted to get everybody up to sing some German airborne cadences, the Americans were still running this school and had the morning's PT schedule at 0500, and that had not been done yet. Even so, the cadets and soldiers alike all but laughed their way through it- they knew and the sergeants knew that they were just hours away from being badge-wearing paratroopers. They had made it. The ten Germans and their forty American ROTC and West Point comrades continued to enjoy their newfound and fierce comradeship at morning mess; Hans suddenly had a thousand new questions about the German airborne forces. Where had that song come from, who wrote it- was it still used today? Those and so many more were fired at Hans like so many bullets from an enemy's rifle. He answered them all as best he could: the 1940's, Friedrich Schäfer- himself a member of the legendary 6th Fallschirmjäger Regiment- and yes. Some of the German-speaking students- like Jason Watterson of West Point- asked about the name of the song and what exactly the lyrics and title meant in English. That part was harder for Hans to answer. A good student of languages can find that many- surprisingly many- phrases and terms can be translated from one language to another. Sometimes one can even discover how similar words can be between languages and between cultures- and laugh at the irony that while the French and Germans cheerfully fought and killed each other for hundreds of years they sometimes had surprisingly similar words for things. However, that was not a guarantee. From German to English, just as from German to French, some things translated awkwardly or didn't make the transition at all. The name of the song, Hans told Watterson, was \"Red Shines the Sun\" in its most literal form. Its lyrics featured many themes quite familiar to any nation's paratrooper- facing the enemy in spite of one's fear, fighting for the honour of the fatherland and for the love of your family at home. The close, fierce comradeship of the paratroopers- and the excitement that every one of those elite troops knew when it was time for a jump. One repeated theme was \"no retreat\"; you heard it in each verse, with the words \"Kamerad, da gibt es kein zurück\". That came out as \"Comrade, there is no going back,\" and it served well to show that the Fallschirmjäger had not been in the business of retreating. You fought with everything you had and made no plans of surrender or retreat. As long s you had strength with which to fight, you fought. Hans explained all that as best he could, answering questions about particular lines in each of the three verses, but some he could not offer a straight translation for, and had to explain more carefully. The song, even if you got a passable translation into English, still didn't rhyme. There were some parts of \"Rot Scheint die Sonne\" that simply were unique to the German language, and why not? It was a song for, by and about the Fallschirmjäger- airborne troops of Germany. The very toughest and best in the world. Not all of the Germans themselves had known the song by heart, but Feldwebel Wilhelm had, as did Obergefreiter Montag, the other Fallschirmjägertruppen Schule graduate in the group. When Hans had asked during the second week, they had been more than willing to teach it to him, smiling as they guessed his intention. The German Army's modern airborne troops stood proudly as some of the finest anywhere in the world, hence their motto: Einsatzbereit, Jederzeit, Weltweit, meaning \"Ready for Action, Anytime, Worldwide\". German fallschirmäger had been the first-ever airborne troops to jump into combat, doing so over Crete in 1941, and the \"Green Devils\" of World War II remained legends in the history of airborne forces worldwide. While no modern-day German airborne unit traced lineage back to the 1940's- the entire German military had been reconstituted and reorganized after World War II- the Fallschirmjäger of the modern day still looked back to their grandfathers' actions and elite status with admiration, showing it by dedicating themselves to attaining that same skill and prowess in combat. The old song of the 1940's Fallschirmjäger was another piece of German airborne history that had survived to the modern day; its use wasn't official, but virtually every German paratrooper knew it. Official recognition of this didn't really matter. But Hans' disruptive and uniquely daring act of the morning did not end there. During the march to the airfield for the final day jump, as the class neared closed within sight of the C-130 transport they would be riding out to the drop zone, Hans began singing aloud the second verse of the song. Before long Wilhelm, Montag and the rest of the Germans had picked it up, and not long after that the ROTC and West Point cadets started singing it, the better German speakers among them almost following the words as well as the German soldiers themselves. Donnern Motoren, Gedanken allein, Denkt jeder noch schnell an die Lieben daheim. Dann kommt Kameraden, zum Sprung das Signal, Wir fliegen zum Feind, zünden dort das Fanal! Schnell wird gelandet, schnell wird gelandet, Kamerad, da gibt es kein Zurück! Hoch am Himmel stehen dunkle Wolken, Komm mit und zage nicht, komm mit! Not as surprised at this as they had been the first time, the airborne instructors let it go, but vowed- to the Germans in particular, knowing they were behind all this for painfully obvious reasons- that no such \"nonsense\" would be tolerated on the C-130 today, or tonight. Naturally, Hans exchanged a few knowing smiles with his comrades in the German Army- a third verse still needed to be sung, and the airborne instructors' words could only be taken as a challenge. So while the German and American students at this three-week cycle of airborne school made their evening march to the airfield without fuss or incident, a specific plan had already been worked out beforehand. The American cadets had briefed on part of it- the rest was shared only between Hans and the other nine Germans. As the C-130 took off from the airstrip after dark, the men aboard excited beyond words at knowing this was their final jump before graduation tomorrow morning, Hans exchanged a few quiet smiles with the trainees around him. The Americans thought the plan was merely to sing the final verse of the song, which they had been trained in briefly during a little down-time in the barracks. It had to be done quietly, mostly through writing down the words and reminding them of the tune. But the American cadets didn't need to know that the German soldiers present for this cycle had a plan that was a little more ambitious than that. Only the Germans needed to know. Listening to the roar of the four propeller engines as they began the ten-minute flight to the drop zone, Hans' heart raced with excitement. This was easily the most thrilling thing he'd done in his life- and he'd been living dangerously for one long, intense year before he'd ever joined the Army. There was just nothing like getting ready to steal your senior airborne instructor's hat- the iconic Black Hat with silver Airborne wings that each and every one of the instructors wore- right on the date of your first and final jump in Airborne School. Nothing like it in the world. Hans had anticipated that the instructors might try to silence the Germans from singing their song on the plane. If yelling it like they no doubt would out of enthusiasm and to out-shout the engines, the German soldiers' singing would make the instructors' words difficult to hear. If the American West Point and ROTC cadets joined in, it would be next to impossible. And that was exactly the plan. Secondly, Hans had figured that only one man should be the one to steal Sergeant First Class Patrick Milburn's black hat, and of course he had volunteered to be the one that did it. He would work out the plan of just how on his own- in fact he was still doing that right now, riding in one of the flat bench seats in the C-130's massive cargo bay- but the plan for what would be done next when the instructors came for Milburn's hat was already worked out. Each man would slip it off to another while they were being questioned together, taking advantage of momentary distractions and the natural inclination of the sergeants to focus their attention on the man they were currently questioning. That way, the game would continue just as long as was necessary, and Sergeant Airborne would never get back his Black Hat. When Milburn, standing at the front of the troop bay, shouted for the men to stand up, that was the signal. Hans and the other Germans began shouting out the words of the third verse, not even caring as they and the cadets went through the necessary pre-jump checks on their own- doing so just as they'd been taught- over the outraged shouts of the instructors. Hans lifted his voice, really warming to the song as he went. It made him almost wish he was… truly what he claimed to be. Being a German soldier at American airborne school was awesome- no doubt about it. Klein unser Häuflein, wild unser Blut, Wir fürchten den Feind nicht und auch nicht den Tod, Wir wissen nur eines, wenn Deutschland in Not, Zu kämpfen, zu siegen, zu sterben den Tod. An die Gewehre, an die Gewehre! Kamerad, da gibt es kein Zurück! Fern im Westen stehen dunkle Wolken, Komm mit und zage nicht, komm mit! Then the green light came on, and a thoroughly-pissed Sergeant Milburn shouted, \"SCHREUDER! Stand in the fuckin' DOOR!\" \"Yes, Sergeant Airborne!\" Hans shouted obediently, as if nothing unusual had happened. The head of his jump \"stick\" of ten men, Hans stood in the doorway, bracing himself briefly as the roar of the wind and the engines hit him in full. Then Hans did it. In a lightning-fast movement, so quick some of the ROTC cadets weren't even sure it had happened, Hans snatched Sergeant Milburn's black hat clean off his head and with one powerful flex of his athlete's legs threw himself clear of the aircraft- diving out headfirst, as the Fallschirmjäger of World War II had done. It was a grave risk in the daytime given how those past German airborne troops had jumped that way out of necessity- that was simply how their parachutes worked- but at nighttime it was positively insane. But he did it anyway, and laughed his ass off as he righted himself, deployed his chute and sang all three verses of the song on the way down. The stars shone above him, the ground was a dark emerald and brown beneath him, and Cody Banks felt absolutely free. Notes: First off, for clarification, this story is set in the summer of 2005, when Cody would be about 17 if I have it right. His graduation from high school would be close at hand, coming up in June of 2006. His attending the German Army's Basic Armour School and the U.S. Army's Airborne School would have occurred the summer before his senior year. The CIA's principal motive for having him go to BAS and AS would be so Cody has an even greater degree of fitness and professional skill- CIA operatives need to be able to assume many disguises, go many places and fill many roles. Cody Banks now knowing how to be a German tanker or an American paratrooper would be an immense credit to his usefulness as an operative. I got the idea for this story after I thought about a sort-of sequel to \"Cody's Home\". The decision is made here to send Cody as a German- Hans Schreuder- partly to give him a great opportunity to practice a foreign language as he would doubtless be learning one, and partly so Cody can learn more about covers and false identities more complicated than being another type of American. Pretending to be a German- and simultaneously convincing Americans and other Germans- is no easy task, and it says a lot about his skill and dedication that Cody manages to do both so well, as I imagine he would. His girlfriend- Natalie Connors in my preceding story- would likely have only acquiesced to Cody attending German Army basic and Airborne on the condition that he take the whole rest of the summer off after that, CIA or no. The song I use in this story is real, as are the lyrics and the man who I state as its author, Friedrich Schäfer. I have no idea, however, who Schäfer was. His service with the 6 th FJR is mentioned as an explanation of who he was and why he wrote the song. It would make sense that a song so clearly indicative of the elite status and intense comradeship of the Fallschirmjäger would be written by one of their own. Another German military song, \"Panzerlied\", was written by a tank crewman in the German Army during World War II, so I could see \"Rot Scheint die Sonne\" as having similar origins. Soldiers of the German Army really can attend the U.S. Army Airborne School at Fort Benning, Georgia. Allies and even neighbors of the United States often cooperate on such things. Germany, France and the United Kingdom are the most cooperative- American servicemen go to a number of their elite service schools each year, and vice versa. I have met U.S. Marines who had completed the Royal Marine Commando course in England. The armed forces of today are surprisingly interconnected- just another sight of how this really is one planet and we've got to find some way of living with each other. However that may sound, it's true. I personally have hardly ever been more proud of humanity than when I learned a few years ago that British, French, German and American soldiers were all serving together in Afghanistan. Two hundred years ago soldiers of those four nations couldn't have been put in a room without fighting each other within the hour; now they are all comrades, standing together and fighting for the same thing. Gives one reason to have hope for the future. Last of all, Cody's theft of Sergeant Airborne's hat is based off a real incident at the Fort Benning school years ago, when a team of Navy SEALs just out of BUD/S had one of their number steal the senior sergeant's hat during a jump and then worked together to hide it afterwards, each feigning ignorance over who had stolen the hat and what had become of it. If Cody Banks one day wrote an autobiography or some memoirs, as one of the mentioned Navy SEALs did, I could easily see him ending the chapter about this part of his life with these words: Wenn Sie dies lesen, Feldwebel Fallschirmjäger, haben wir noch Ihre verdammtes Hut . \"If you are reading this, Sergeant Airborne, we still have your fucking hat.\" ","Summary":" The Red-Shining Sun From the beginning, this business of going to Airborne school for three weeks t"},{"Movie":"Agent Cody Banks","Title":"The Death of Cody Banks","Author":"Discordant Night","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11147891","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N Hey all you agents out there. Just wanted to try my hand at a Cody Banks fic. It's a little sad, but I hope I caught the moment right. -D.N. Contrary to Hollywood belief, the world does not cry when a good man dies. But many people do. The funeral was in full swing by the time the blonde agent arrived, stepping from her personal lorry as an elder gentleman presses a kerchief into her hands before backing away. Her head is bent as she approaches the family of the deceased, raising it only to kiss the cheek of the mother, who, like herself, is crying. The younger brother of the dead boy looks up at the blonde. \"It was all true, wasn't it?\" His brother asks. \"Everything was true?\" The blonde agent nods sadly before answering in her British accent. \"It was all true. The training, the missions, the secrets. It was all true.\" The young teen's eyes widen. \"Then you're-\" \"I am.\" She cuts him off with those two simple words, tears falling freely now. \"I was... \" she whispers. The crying blonde returns to her handler, the elder gentleman who arrived with her. In her stead is a motley crew of musicians, led by a middle aged woman with curly brown hair. She hugs the parents of the dead boy, speaking softly to the mother and father before moving on to the closed casket, placing the lilies in her hands down next to the memorial wreath. A young Indian girl, flanked by a stocky Russian boy, approaches the casket. The boy places his hand on the lid, as if to open it, but instead pats it, sighing, and presses his lips together grimly. \"War. What is it good for, anyways?\" His heavy accent is laced with sadness, unsung words pouring from his lips as the girl beside him sniffs softly. She blinks away tears as the Russian boy finishes his impromptu eulogy, then lowers her head and places a kiss on the polished wooden surface. \"Goodbye, woodwind buddy.\" She says softly before moving on. The loud thwop-thwop-thwop of a helicopter breaks the somber silence as a private chopper touches down a small ways away from the funeral pavilion. AS the blades die down the cockpit opens, a beautiful blonde american emerging in a black dress. She races to the casket, throwing herself across it while she weeps for her fallen hero. Hands rub her back comfortingly, the earlier blonde Brit pulling her aside to cry with her. \"He saved me...\" The new blonde says through sobs. \"I never got to thank him...\" The Brit smiles softly. \"You're not the only one. He saved all of London, and I never thanked him either.\" She holds her handkerchief out to the crying American, who takes it and wipes her eyes. \"Thank you,\" the American girl says, handing the cloth back. \"How did you know him?\" \"We worked together, undercover,\" the Brit replies. \"And... we dated..\" The two girls talk as they move along with the service, not noticing the large African American that steps up to the microphone. \"Um...\" He says into the device. \"If I could have your attention please...\" Conversation stops as all heads, American, Brit and otherwise, turn to show attention to the man at the podium. \"Um, thanks. Hi. I'm Derek, and I'd like to say a few things about the deceased, if that's alright. I was his handler for a couple missions, which I guess I can talk about since he's...\" Derek trails off, not wanting to say the words everybody is thinking. \"Anyways, our first mission was to London, which is where some of you met him. We were sent to retrieve... something, it doesn't matter now, but we didn't expect to make nearly as many friends as we did there.\" He pauses, looking around the pavilion at each of the individuals. \"He got me back into the agent program, and I'm grateful for that. But there's more that he never got recognition for. Like saving the president, with the help of Miss Summers.\" The blonde Brit smiles and nods, thinking back to the mission that almost failed. \"He was always there for his friends,\" Derek continues. \"I know he'd be happy if he saw you all here today. There's nothing he loved more than his job, so much so that he went out of his way to accept missions. But be that as it may, he loved his friends even more. Thank you all for being here.\" A spattering of clapping follows Derek's speech, mixed with sniffles and sobs. The British agent, Summers, steps up to the podium as Derek steps down, moving her hair away from her face as she speaks. \"Hi. My name is Emily Summers, and I'm a British Intelligence agent. I first met...\" Emily's words fade away as Derek leaves the scene, making his way to his custom-built car and the chauffeur waiting inside. \"Sad day, Sir.\" The driver says. \"Yeah, it is.\" Derek replies somberly. \"Where to, Sir?\" Derek says nothing, only sighs and looks out at the funeral, still in session. \"Where to, Sir?\" The driver asks again. The handler turns, facing ahead with an ashen expression. \"Kumar, take me to the crypt.\" A/N Well, that's the end... Hope I made you all cry, because I did when writing this. Tell me what you think! Later! - D.N. ","Summary":" A/N Hey all you agents out there. Just wanted to try my hand at a Cody Banks fic. It's a little sad"},{"Movie":"Agent Cody Banks","Title":"Emily get's captured","Author":"Gryffindorgirl17","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5968403","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Emily get's captured *one day at Cody's house* *ring ring ring* (Cody picks up the phone) Cody: agent Banks here what's up Veronica Veronica: Cody I'v got some bad news Cody: what's up Veronica: do you remember Emily the girl you meat in London Cody: ya why Veronica: she's been captured Cody: WHAT HOW COULD YOU LET THIS HAPPEN VERONICA Veronica: Cody calm down I'v already told the director that your on the mission Cody: k you can count on me (Cody hangs up the phone and goes outside) *in London* Emily: ya'll never get away with this Dez Cody will come for me Dez: oh ya what makes you so sure about that Emily: because I know Cody when it comes to my safty he doesn't fail Dez: whatever I'v heard it all before now you have one last chance tell me Cody banks weakness (Emily stays quiet) Dez: won't talk will you then maby this will make you talk (Dez takes out a zap gun) Emily: AHHHHHHHHHHH *in the CIA* Cody: alright what have I got to work with Veronica: jet pack of course, stun gun, and a little something to give to Emily when you see her Cody: oh wow is this a 80 karet dimond ring Veronica: sure is now go get her tiger (Cody takes off to London) *back in London* Dez: still won't talk (Emily stays quiet) Dez: fine you leave me no choise *CRASH* Dez: WHAT Cody: LET HER GO DEZ Emily: Cody I knew you'd come Dez: how did you get here so fast (Cody pulles out a tracking device) (Dez turns around and looks at Emily) Dez: impossibul (Cody tapes Dez on the shoulder) *PUNCH* Dez: uhhhhhhhhhh Cody: if you come any were near Emily aging ya'll regreat it (Cody runs over to Emily) Cody: arn't you glad I gave you that bracelet now Emily: heck ya Cody: come on we gota get you outa here (Cody cut's Emily's binds and Emily falls into Cody's arms) Emily: thanks Cody I knew you'd come (Emily and Cody walk out) Emily: Cody can I tell you something Cody: sure thing Em Emily: the first time we ever worked together on that assinment I...Cody what I'm trying to say is that I Lo...mph (Cody kisses Emily on the lips and raps his arms around her waist) (Emily rapes her arms around Cody's neck) Emily: ...wow... Cody: I love you to Em and I got you something (Cody pulles out the ring) Emily: Cody it's,it's betifule Cody: not as betifule as the girl who's wereing it Emily: your the best Cody: come on why don't you come to seatell with me and we can have ourselfs a real date Emily: I would love to (Cody grabes Emily around the waist and they fly back to seattlel) ","Summary":" Emily get's captured *one day at Cody's house* *ring ring ring* (Cody picks up the phone) Cody: age"},{"Movie":"Agent Cody Banks","Title":"Hott Rescue","Author":"The Dark Knight's Revenge","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5843566","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Finally. Finally he, Agent Cody Banks, had some time to ask a girl out on a date. He leaned back in the booth, watching the object of his infatuation. Sara Sydney, the hottest girl in the ninth grade. And she had agreed to go out with him. He was a lucky man. A lucky man indeed. That was, right up until the FBI came into the picture. His cellphone rang right in the middle of their conversation, just perfect. He groaned and looked at it, seeing the number of agent Amanda, his 'caretaker'. \"What\" He said brisquely into the phone. \"Hey Cody, I know it's your big date and everything, but we have a captured agent, and we need back up, there's no one else in the vicinity\" He mentally face-palmed. \"Do I have to?\" \"Yes! This is a young child and they've been captured, they could be dying for all we know! So get your lazy ass over here!\" He held the phone an inch away from his ear, Amanda could be really loud sometimes. \"Come on\" He whined. \"Mr. If you don't get your butt down to HQ right now, I will come and get you myself!\" And with that, Amanda hung up. Cody rolled his eyes and turned to Sara. \"Hey look, i'm really sorry, but I have to go. Something about a damsel in distress\" He flipped some cash on the table, and left. --- Once in the Jr. FBI building, he was met with a very different scene than he was used to. \"Whoa, what's happening here?\" He asked Amanda, who had been waiting for him. \"That Agent that's gone missing was one of our junior officers, not quite a full Agent, so it's top priority to bring them back\" Cody nodded. \"How soon can I get there?\" \"We're fitting up the Jet Pack now\" -------------- Please review!! ","Summary":" Finally. Finally he, Agent Cody Banks, had some time to ask a girl out on a date. He leaned back in"},{"Movie":"Bandslam","Title":"Idle Thoughts of a Basket Case","Author":"MissImagineThat","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6045442","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Idle Thoughts of a Basket Case Summary: Sa5m is going through the world of high school one day at a time. She is a thoughtful teenager, but where do all of those thoughts go? Who do you tell your deepest secrets to, when the whole world thinks you're a pariah… This is starting out Pre-Will so as to not get you confused. When he comes into the story, you'll know. Prologue Who am I? Do I even know? Basic questions and facts could be answered, but do I really know… who I am? My name is Sa5m. Yes... the five is silent. Simple facts about me? I live in Lodi, New Jersey, and it is the saddest excuse for a town I've ever seen. My favorite color is black. My mother is a lawyer and overly attentive. My father was an asshole who left us on our own when I was just ten. And I like, no love, twizzlers. I started with my new therapist, Dr. McCain, today after my mother realized I was getting nowhere with my last therapist. This would be the fifth therapist she would try on me. She's convinced I have some mentally depressed illness that needs to be treated by a professional. I think she's hoping that fifth times the charm. If I was being honest with myself, I actually enjoyed this new therapist. ... Actually, enjoyed is a bit too strong feeling of a word. I would reword that as slightly tolerable. I met with her in your typical psychiatrist's office. The first time I did this, I was nervous as shit. Now, it's just something to pass the time by. As I came in and sat down on one of the couches, she asked me if I wanted anything to drink to make me more comfortable in her presence I guess. I didn't ask for anything so we just started on the session. She asked me main questions, ones that did not run too deep, and talked to me about herself. This was a surprise because I've never really heard a psychiatrist talk about themselves. They usually talk about you like they know everything about your life. She was a little bit of fresh air, and I relaxed around her. Then she asked me if there was anything I would tell her. I knew that psychiatrists don't spew your secrets to anyone, even if I was a bit skeptical at first... So I told her I felt like no one listens or tries to understand me. She nodded and took on a thoughtful look. She then turned to me told me to write down my thoughts; put it in a what she called a memory box. This memory box did not have to be fancy. She said that it could even be a shoe box for all she cared. So I took an old shoe box from my mother that she was going to throw out. It was a larger type of shoe box so I guessed that it cased a pair of boots. She told me to write down my thoughts. Any thoughts. I was to bring the box in with these thoughts every week that I saw her. It was a way for her to get to know me without me having to talk. I didn't like talking so this idea was good with me. But where would I start?[Chapter 2] A/N: Well there were no responses to this yet, but that does not discourage me! Keep. Moving. Forward! Summary: Sa5m is going through the world of high school one day at a time. She is a thoughtful teenager, but where do all of those thoughts go? Who do you tell your deepest secrets to, when the whole world thinks you're a pariah… Chapter One I feel like the days are bleeding together, and one day I'm going to spontaneously combust. ... It's been winter break for two weeks. Two weeks of pure quiet and bliss. No loud and rowdy classmates or stupid people littering the halls. I've had the entire house to myself since my mother decided to get some extra money by working holidays. This meant I could lounge around the house all I wanted without my mom reprimanding me. Another plus side is that Dr. McCain, my therapist, didn't work holidays. It was the vacation I've been asking for all year. Now... reality has come crashing down on me, and the dawning of school is approaching. It was another Monday (and many more) to dread. Wake up. Get out of bed. Go to the bathroom… remember to flush this time. This routine will quickly wear on my nerves once it becomes the norm again. Not that I'm looking for serious excitement... I'm just looking for something a bit different than usual. I head to the kitchen after I get done with my mundane Monday routine. There's a note from my mother on the table counter. Sam, I know today is not going be your favorite day so I bought you a little treat to bring with you on your day back to school. Maybe it will cheer you up. You never know, something exciting might happen. I also need to talk to you tonight so don't be surprised. Have a nice day, sweetheart. Love, Mom I look down at the table top again to find a packet of ®Twizzlers and a can of ®Coca-Cola. A rare smile makes its way to my face as I get my backpack to put my \"lunch\" in. I usually don't eat lunch (I read most of the time), so now it's nice to have something to look forward to. I'll have to remember to thank my mom later once she gets home from work. There is still fifteen minutes till the bus comes so I go to the cabinet to get a bowl. A box of cereal is sitting on the counter top so I just pour whatever is in it into my bowl along with some milk. As I'm crunching on some calorie-inducing sugar, I think about my latest session with Dr. McCain. The memory box idea has been a really nice idea since she brought it up that first session. I've been putting pieces of paper with random little thoughts into the box and it's been accumulating. I'm actually quite proud of myself that I'm doing what I've been told to do in the first place. She's also been talking to me about letting my outlet out somewhere else. I was to take up a little hobby. She asked me if there was anything I liked to do like singing or playing a sport. I have absolutely no athletic bone in my body so that option was out. Singing was something I never wanted to think about again. In fact, music in general I wanted to shy away from ever since what happened. Another story for another time. She kept listing things to see if I was interested in anything. Swimming? No. Knitting? Hell no. Mountain climbing? What the hell? Bird watching? Where the fuck does she make up these things? Reading? ... I could deal with that. English was my favorite subject in school, and I loved to read the assigned books the teacher gives even if my classmates would probably disagree with anything school related. Dr. McCain smiled at me and excused herself to go get something. She came back with a few books in her hands. The Perks of Being a Wallflower by Stephen Chbosky Water for Elephants by Sara Gruen O Pioneers! by Willa Cather Middlesex by Jeffrey Eugenides I took the four books in my hands and tentatively smiled at her. ... I heard the bus coming up and grabbed a book to put into my bag. Van Buren High School. The center of hell. My morning classes bored me to tears as usual. I was tempted to start eating my snack in some of my classes, but dismissed the idea because I really did not want it to get taken away. I slept with my head down in math class and shot out of my seat after the bell rang signaling lunch. Lunch was always boring because I didn't really have any friends to sit with. I didn't really have friends in general. I walked into the large lunchroom and sat down at a less crowded table. Some freshmen were off to side goofing off so I just ignored them. I took out my Twizzlers and cracked open my coke. Taking out one Twizzler, I bit on each end and put the twizzler inside of the coke can. Some kid to the side of me looked at me strangely and got up to sit at another table. Figures. Sipping on my drink, I took out my book, O Pioneers! I've been reading it throughout all of my classes. I actually liked it. I mean... it talks a lot about feminism, and if I was being honest with myself, I was getting really drawn in by a lot of what is going on in the book. A head of curly brown hair caught my eye, and I saw some new guy sitting next to the group of freshman who immediately got up after he sat down. I felt bad for the guy then because I knew how he felt. I looked back to my book until I felt a pair of eyes on me. I looked to the guy's direction to find him staring at me. He quickly looked down at the table and I felt a side of my moth quirk up. \"Happy New Year, Van Buren! What's up?\" I rolled my eyes. Not another one. These surprise \"concerts\" during lunch are really a nuisance. They let them put on these shows to advertise Bandslam . Now, I'm not opposed to Bandslam , but when it interrupts my daily activity that's when I start to get annoyed. It was sort of a battle of the bands. Whoever won gets a record deal with some fancy pants record company. Usually the bands who won would become one hit song wonders that would disappear after a year. The entire cafeteria cheered and I struggled again not to huff in annoyance. \"I just have one question for you. What's gonna happen 3,600 hours from now?\" Seriously who was this guy? \"BANDSLAM!\" Ugh. \"And who's gonna bring home the gold?\" \"GLORY DOGS!\" \"Give it up for Ben Wheatly and the Glory Dogs!\" Okay. Now I have just one question. What kind of dumb ass name is Glory Dogs? Sounds like some tragic name for a school mascot. The curtains opened up and the faces of the Gory Dogs appear. I swear. Nuremberg rally from MTV is happening right now. \"All right,\" Ben Wheatly, leading front-man of Ben Wheatly and the Glory Dogs, announces, \"As we all know, last year at Bandslam, the Glory Dogs tied for second with the Burning Hotels. Well, that's not happening this year. You know why?\" Some stupid kid in the cafeteria reiterated with, \"Why?\" \"Cause there's some new dogs in the pound.\" Oh Lord. You have got to be kidding me. There's new dogs in the pound? Good God. Where does he come up with these things. \"First up, all the way from Montclair, living with his dad, who he hates, just to play with the Dogs: Dylan Dyer!\" The guy on second guitar then proceeds to show off by playing with a string with his guitar. \"Exactly how big is this whole Bandslam thing around here?\" Huh? The new kid is talking to me. I know this because everyone else is paying attention to the stage but me. I'm too afraid to look up from my book. I try to think of some comparison to give off how big and important Bandslam is to these bimbos and jerk-wads around here. \"Texas-high-school football big,\" I say. \"You're new.\" Pointing out the obvious here, Sa5m? Geez. \"Yeah.\" This guy looked like he needed a friend for a bit so I ask to see his class schedule. It won't be long till one of the sharks here tell him what kind of person I am. Then, he will proceed to pretend I don't exist. So now I will just give him a little boost so as to not let him feel so alone. He scooches over to where I sit and hands me his class schedule into my open hand. I quickly scan it, and hand it back to him. \"We have human studies together.\" It was the dullest class that I had so it would be interesting because the only open seat in that class was next to me. \"What's your name?\" I ask him. \"Will Burton. What's yours?\" Like Tim Burton? I wanted to ask, but that sounded really weird even in my head. I didn't really know how to answer his question without sounding stupid so I rifle through my bag looking for my notebook. I write down my name and put it on the table in front of him. \"The five... is silent.\" He looks at the paper weirdly and I take up my stuff to leave.[Chapter 3] A/N: Um… hi. It's MissImagineThat here. Yeah… I know how annoying this chapter filling author's notes can be, but I promise all of that's in here is good news. So don't have an aneurysm. An anonymous reviewer pointed out what Sa5m was reading in the cafeteria, so I'll be editing the book choices that Dr. McCain gave her. If you don't remember, Dr. McCain is her therapist. I'm only reminding you because I know I haven't written in a while. I DO have valid excuses for not updating. I've been in California and Florida the whole time, and I was not able to write updates. Trust me on this. A new chapter should come out in a couple days or so. Not too long I hope. Today, I'm going to be editing the story a little so don't kill me because I faked an update. Um… yeah, thanks. ","Summary":" Idle Thoughts of a Basket Case Summary: Sa5m is going through the world of high school one day at a"},{"Movie":"Bandslam","Title":"You Said Everything","Author":"EricJames423","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5366463","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I do not own BandSlam. I'm just anfan. Please go easy on me as I haven't posted a fic on here since Inwas about fifteen. Dear David Bowie, Quick recap of the past few months: I move fromnCincinnati to Lodi, New Jersey, I meet Sa5m, meet Charlotte, becomenmanager of \"I Can't Go On, I'll Go On,\" kiss Sa5m, leave hernhanging at the movies, get told I was Charlotte's experiment, thenndo BandSlam. Now you're sending me comments over Myspace to ask ifnwe'd join your Indie label. The fact is, we'd love to join.nThere's just one slight problem. ------------- \"I want my spot back Will.\" Charlotte exclaimed asnwe drove down my road. See, Charlotte just graduated from Martin VannBuren High, leaving me, Sa5m, and the rest of our band there. Sam andnI are just sophomores. The rest are juniors and seniors assorted. \"Even if I could give you your spot back, we couldn'tndo BandSlam Charlotte.\" I told her. Bandslam was just a couplenmonths away. We had planned to do \"Everything I Own\" again and Incouldn't imagine anyone but Sa5m singing it. Ever since BandSlam, Sa5m and I have been prettyninseparable. We are dating, yes, but we're still the best ofnfriends. Even Sa5m and Charlotte are getting along great. \"Will, it originally was my band to start with, I quitnbecause of a lot of pressure from outside forces, and anyways, thenband is signing a contract with David Bowie right? So, why not let mentake back over?\" She asked as she pulled up to my house. \"I can't do that to Sa5m. You know that.\" I saidnopening the car door. \"Can't? Or won't?\" She asked driving away beforenI could completely shut the door. I groaned to myself as I walked into the house. Mynphone had died earlier. I seriously need to get that battery checkednout. It sucks apparently. I glanced at the clock. It was 10:40pm. Insighed. Sa5m would probably already be asleep, so I figured Inwouldn't bother calling her tonight. I'd see her in schoolntomorrow right? Plus, it had been a long day in practice. Sundaynpractices kill everyone for some reason. No one seems energeticnenough. It's like they want to get out and actually go watch thenJets or Giants play football or something. I don't have a clue. Thenonly one that seemed focused was me. Sa5m seemed to be off in anothernplanet somewhere. I logged on the bands Myspace to reply to DavidnBowie. Before I had the energy to do anything, I fell asleep at thenkeyboard. So, as you see Mr. Bowie. I'd love to accept yournoffer, but I don't have the wildest clue on our lead singer rightnnow. I want to say yes to Sa5m, and I want to say yes to Charlotte.nSo, what should I do? Your Biggest Fan, Will Burton. --Short. But its just an introduction. Please read andnreview. Ej423.[Chapter 2] Thank you so much for my review.nIt means a ton to me. Even if it is just one, I'll keep writingnjust for you uf04a . Disclaimer: I own no one. Talk tonSummit. Although they'd deny making this movie. Poor advertisementnkilled this amazing film. Will Burton'snmom, Karen, came into his room. It was about 8:00. She saw that Willnwas still sleeping at his computer. She sighed. Ever since they movednhere, it seemed like he just, didn't want to communicate with hernas much anymore. She was his only friend in Jersey. She hated that henbarely spoke to her anymore. \"Will? Will sweetie, it's timento wake up for school.\" She said. (A/N: I guess the rest will be innWill's POV now.) I awoke with a start. What time wasnit? I looked over to the door and saw my mom standing there. \"Mom, what time is it?\" I askedngroggily. \"It's 8, now get ready the busnwill be here in about thirty minutes.\" She replied. She had a sadnlook in her face. I wanted to ask why, but I had no time. I grabbednmy I Can't Go On shirt and some ripped jeans and raced to thenshower. I showered up, and finished preparing for the morning. I rannoutside just in time to see the bus go by. \"Really!?\" I yelled at the busndriver. \"The bus waits for no one, notneven the kid taking a shower.\" Charlotte said from inside her car.nI looked over her way and saw someone was occupying the passenger'snseat. Ben Wheatley sat there glaring atnme. He was still mad because I took Charlotte away from him. Well,nnot in the dating sense, but in the way that she wouldn't competenwith his band. \"Hey Dewey, I mean Will.\" Hensaid with a cocky grin on his face. I turned away and started walkingnto school. Charlotte pulled up beside me. \"Will, stop. Ben tell him you'rensorry.\" Charlotte said with an angry tone in her voice. \"But Charlot…\" He began \"No. Ben. Apologize. NOW.\" Shensaid very angrily. \"Sorry Will….\" Ben mumbled. Inbelieved his apology about as much as I believe that the cafeteriasnfood will be good today. \"Yea..Whatever.\" I replied. Inagain continued my walk. Charlotte cut the car off and got out. Shenran up to me. \"Will…Hop in. I'll drive younto school.\" She said calmly as if that whole ordeal didn't justngo down. \"It's fine. Really. I'll walk.nNo big deal.\" I again tried to continue my walk, but once again wasnstopped by Charlotte. \"Will, you'll never get there inntime for class. It's on my way to work. Please? Just hop in.\" Shensaid. Why was she trying so hard to get me to ride with her? It madenno sense to me. \"Charlotte. Please. I'm fine. Inwant to walk anyways.\" I continued my walk. This time, I put myniPod in so that I couldn't hear her anymore. She apparently gave upnand got back in her car. The next thing I saw was her red car drivingnby me. She was right. Walking I didn'tnmake it to class on time. I was about ten minutes late to my mathnclass. Who needs math anyways? I mean I pass it every year withoutnreally studying. Math is the one of the 4 classes that I don't havenwith Sa5m, which really sucks. I didn't even get to see her on thenbus this morning. So instead of listening to the teacher, I kept myniPod in and started listening to Sa5m's recording of \"EverythingnI Own.\" Granted Bread did an amazing job with the song, but no onencould do better than Sa5m. I see no possible way. Her voice, our skanbeat, and just the electricity that is felt when she sings that songnis unbeatable. I sigh as I feel my leg vibrate. I slowly take mynphone out to see who texted me. I smiled as I saw Sa5m flash acrossnthe screen. She was asking where I was this morning and to go to thenbathroom. I put my phone up, took the headphones out, and raised mynhand. \"Yes Mr. Burton?\" Ms. Lockwoodnasked. \"May I use the bathroom?\" Inreplied casually. \"Go ahead.\" She sighed. I jumped up and hastily left thenroom. I shut the door and saw Sa5m waiting for me. \"And where were you this morning?\"nShe asked with a smirk on her face. \"I missed the bus. Stupid showers.n\"I replied. \"Oh yes, curse the thing thatnmakes us smell better.\" She shot back taking my hand into hers. \"Trying to say I don't smellngood?\" I asked firing back. I loved getting into little argumentsnwith her about stuff that really didn't even matter. \"No. You smell awful.\" Shensarcastically said giving me a little push. \"So, where are we going? I have anmath class that thinks I'm using the restroom.\" I said. She shrugged and turned her headntowards me. A lock of her beautiful hair fell in front of her face. Ingently brushed it aside. \"Whoa there. Don't start pettingnme again.\" She laughed. Her laugh sent a shiver down mynspine. I loved her laugh. She didn't do it enough. For some reason,nalthough I know she's happy, she seems so unhappy. \"Not my finest hour, no. You werenmy first kiss. I was nervous.\" I said. For all she knew she WAS mynfirst kiss. No one had mentioned to Sa5m that I had kissed Charlottenfor practice. Nor would I like for her to find out that I kissednCharlotte for practice. \"By the way, I want a new Sensenand Sensibility book. You destroyed mine.\" She said completelynserious. \"Fine. We'll go buy you onenafter school, if you want to hang out?\" I asked. I had become sonmuch more comfortable around her now. Not just her. I finally hadnfriends. I had Sa5m, Bug, Basher, Omar, Kim, Irene, and Charlotte.nCharlotte. I still don't know how sincere she is to me. Ever sincenyesterday in her car I wondered how much she really considered me anfriend. \"Um. Will, your class is there,nunless you want to keep going with me.\" She said. She gave me anlook. Her beautiful brown eyes were looking at me with concern. \"Oh yea, so I'll see you in anfew then?\" I asked. \"Of course.\" She replied with ansmile. She raised up and gave me a peck on the lips. \"Bye Will.\"nShe said with a wave. I stood there for a couple ofnseconds before I whispered. \"Bye Sa5m.\" Oh, so I wonder what happens next?!nWell, not really because I know. Please, if you read this. Review it.nEven if you don't I'm still writing. You guys tell me some thingsnyou'd like to see in here.[Chapter 3] A/N: Thank you so much for thenreviews. You guys are great (:. Although I'm not getting many, fornthe ones that has reviewed. You guys are my favorite people ever. Fornthe one's reading and NOT reviewing. I still like you. Lol. Here'snchap. 3. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ \" Of course.\" She replied withna smile. She raised up and gave me a peck on the lips. \"Bye Will.\"nShe said with a wave. I stood there for a couple of seconds before I whispered. \"ByenSa5m.\" I sighed. I walked back into thenmath class. What was wrong with me? She seems like she is extremelynhappy now, which makes me happy. I smiled. Sa5m. Her voice, hernsmile, her touch, just everything about her made me feel so amazing.nEverything that went on with Charlotte yesterday was still fresh onnmy mind. She wanted her spot back, but I couldn't give it to her.nThat was Sa5m's spot. I couldn't do that to her. Then again, thenspot WAS Charlotte's before it was Sa5m's. I didn't know whatnto do. I finally accepted the offer from David Bowie. We were wantednin New York next week for recording. Just so happened, that isnThanksgiving break. My mom wasn't pleased, but honestly, what couldnI do. Tell David Bowie no? I sighed again. I just didn't know whatnto do anymore. \"Will, is there something I cannhelp you with?\" Ms. Lockwood said to me. I looked around. No onenwas there. I figured that class was over. I was so deep in thoughtnthat I didn't even hear the bell ring. \"No, Ms. Lockwood sorry.\" Instood up and walked out of the class. I walked into my Human Studiesnclass. It apparently was a two part class. I missed that when it camento get classes after I moved here last semester. I took my seat innthe back next to Sa5m, who gave me a big smile. I smiled back. Inlooked to the front. I saw that we had a substitute teacher. I smilednbecause I knew it was just going to be a free period. I looked atnSa5m. I scooted my desk next to hers. \"So, where are we going to afternschool?\" She asked me. I shrugged my shoulders. \"We couldnalways go to the Barnes & Noble in New York. Or you know, thenWal-Mart down the street?\" I said. She looked at me. \"Let's go to New York. I mean ifnyou want to?\" She asked. \"Yea, New York sounds really good.nI want to get out of here for awhile. Getting to…Crowded.\" Insaid. \"What do you mean?\" She asked. \"I'll tell you later.\" I said.nI knew I wasn't going to tell her later. It upset me to know I wasnlying to her. She nodded. Why I don't know, but she nodded. Maybenshe knew that I was keeping something from her. Maybe she was justndropping the subject. The truth is I don't like this. I just wantedneverything back to the way it was a few weeks ago. She looked at me. \"What's wrong Will? You aren'tnacting like yourself.\" She said. The bell rang. I got up to leavenand she grabbed my arm. \"Will, tell me. Please?\" She asked. Inlooked at her. She looked really upset. I pulled her into a hug. \"Ben called me Dewey thisnmorning.\" I said partly telling her the truth. She looked at menlike she didn't understand. \"Dewey….?\" She asked. Inremembered. I never told her the story. I swallowed. \"It's nothing. He's just beingna jerk.\" I said. She pulled away from me. \"If you want me to leave younalone, that's all you have to say.\" She said looking hurt. Shenwalked away. \"Sa5m, wait. Come back.\" I saidnstanding outside of the doorway. She was gone. The rest of the day passed by verynslowly. We had the rest of our classes together, but she hardlynlooked at me, much less spoke. She sat with me and Basher. She hardlynspoke to either of us. Basher got up and left us before lunch wasneven over. I sighed. Lunch ended and we went to the last class of thenday. The class went by very slow. The bell rang and Sa5m jumped upnand left very swiftly. I followed her. \"Sa5m… Sa5m..Will you pleasenjust talk to me?\" I asked her. She turned around with a huge amountnof hurt in her eyes. \"Why? You won't even tell menwhat's bothering YOU Will, why should I talk to you?\" She snappednat me. I was taken back just a little bit. What was I going to say. \"Sa5m. Just please come to NewnYork with me. Please. I'll explain everything there. I promise.\"nI said. She looked down. A second passed and she looked back up at menwith a smile. \"Okay.\" She said softly. \"I'llngo.\" I smiled at her and took her hand.nWe walked to the subway station to get on the subway. We got therenand we started on our way to New York. We arrived and got off thensubway. \"I'm hungry Will, I didn't eatnlunch today.\" She said. \"I know..I was there.\" I saidnslowly. \"Why didn't you eat?\" I asked. \"I was upset and worried with you.nI just think that something's wrong with you, and I really want tonknow what.\" She said. I looked at her and sighed. \"I'll tell you. I will, just notnright now. Before we leave New York I'll tell you everything younneed to know Sa5m. I promise.\" She smiled at me and took my handninto hers. \"Okay.\" She gripped my handntighter as we started walking. \"Where do you want to eat at?\" Shenasked. I heard her stomach rumble. \"Tell you what, you can pick thisntime. Anywhere you want.\" She was quiet for a minute. \"I don't know. Pizza?\" Shenasked. \"Pizza it is then.\" We went tonthe little pizzeria and ordered a pizza. We sat there and had a greatntime. We paid and we got up and went to the bookstore. She found ancopy of the book and I bought it for her. We walked to the edge ofnthe river and we sat on a bench. \"Okay Will, please tell me what'sngoing on.\" She pleaded with me. I knew it was coming. I had hopednshe had forgotten about it. \"Sa5m. I lied. About my dad. Younknow how Charlotte said he was a sideman for anyone who needed him\"nI asked her. I was really nervous. \"What? Your dad's not a sideman.nI pretty much figured you were trying to impress Charlotte.\" Shensaid with a laugh. \"Yea.. You see, when I was twelve.nMy dad got drunk one afternoon. He.. Always was drunk. I don'tnthink I remember him being sober. Well, anyways, he took the car keysnfrom my mom. Well, he hit my mom and took the keys pretty much. Henabused her a lot. Well, then he started driving. He hit a little boy.nHe killed him on the spot. My dad got arrested for a DWI. Everyonenjust… figured that I was such a screw up because my dad killednsomeone and was locked up for it. So every day for the rest of thentime I was in Cincinnati I was called Dewey. I was the kid whose dadnkilled a kid while he was driving drunk.\" I explained to her. Incouldn't help but tear up by the end. I looked towards her and shenwas crying. I took her into my arms and just held her for awhile. Itnseemed like hours later she pulled away. She looked into my eyes andnleaned in to kiss me. I looked at her. \"Sa5m.. That's not all.\"nI said nervously. \"Tell me, please.\" She saidnwiping her eyes. \"Charlotte wants her spot back. (A/N): I felt like this chapterndidn't live up to my standards towards the beginning. I just kindanfelt like I should give some insight into Will's mind. Towards thenend of it, I felt like it was good. Hopefully you guys still likednit. Read and review please. Thank you guys so much. ","Summary":" I do not own BandSlam. I'm just anfan. Please go easy on me as I haven't posted a fic on here since"},{"Movie":"Agent Cody Banks","Title":"Don't you trust me?","Author":"Kathleen Abaestian","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5766523","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I do not own Agent Cody Banks, but I do own everything else. She strode confidently into the room. The power that hung around her waist made her feel able to do anything. In the other door her partner slid, he turned around saw her and quirked an eyebrow. She rolled her eyes and reached to her belt. The unimaginable things that hung there! A lipstick that turned into a laser, a hairbrush that shot sharp quills at the flick of her wrist. As she mulled over her new found weapons a smell caught her attention. a burning smell, then she saw it. The fiery smoke swirling straight towards her! She jumped for the door. Too late! The smoke and the wind filled the room. But not until she'd seen her former friend, Mason Carlson stalk in after the smoke. That loony bin! Didn't he realize that there were innocent teenagers here? No time to think! She flipped out her tracking device and stumbled in the direction it showed her \"friend\" to be in. Mason was easy to track ever since she'd planted that device in his water that now coursed through his blood. Her pen gun on the ready she moved farther into the depths of the room. Lungs screaming in pain she staggered just as the tracking device beeped just as her hand fell upon something. \"Elizabeth,\" The voice came muffled as though through a mask. \"Come,\" She didn't move. Not only could she not move, there was no way she was following the enemy. \"Don't you trust me?\" \"No!\" Those were the last words out of Elizabeth's mouth before darkness took control of her mind. The next thing she knew she was laying on a cold pallet in a dark cell. \"Mason...\" the words hurt her dry throat. Her brain emerged from darkness. \"Idiot!\" was her word. Elizabeth normally known as Eliza stared at her waist. Her weapons were gone. \"He's gonna pay!\" immediately she rose feeling her boot's heel was heavy she clawed it off. In the high heel was a hidden phone. The text illuminated the room. Send help with tracking device. Mr. Alestar's son has down his job, I am locked up! Please hurry Evan, no jokes here . She flipped the phone back into her heel. Nice one Eliza, why do you never think? She thought. Up on the surface of the earth Evan's phone beeped. He'd made it out of the smoke but he hadn't found Eliza. Elizabeth's message flashed on the screen. Evan tightened his gloves. His dark glasses hid the worry in his eyes as he sprinted to his motorcycle. Mason! he was the one who'd set the smoke bomb! But what was he trying to accomplish? The options were endless. Mason's dad Alestar wanted complete control of the United States no strings. Evan and the Company he and Elizabeth worked for were fighting Alestar and his allies. So most likely Mason wanted info. Unfortunately he wouldn't be getting any. Evan typed in a code and clicked send. That code would break through any lock. Eliza would escape and they'd meet at the rendezvous. It all seemed so simple. Yet around the next bend on the highway, Everything Evan knew would change. Mason stared at the flashing screens on the wall in front of him. He tried to tune out his father's triade but it wasn't working. \"Come on son! I need action and I need action now! I want the United States cowering at my feet! Do you hear me?! I want complete control, I want to be the complete ruler!\" Mason rolled his eyes. How many times had he heard that? Complete control! The noise grated on his ears. Just as he was about to fall asleep a blinking light appeared on the closest screen to him. Access granted. Flashed on every screen. Then a warning notice New administrator in charge Then all the screens went black. Mr. Alestar Mason's dad stopped yelling mid sentence. \"What have you done?\" He screamed. \"Me! Me! It's ALWAYS me! Right after I go and capture that agent that has all the knowledge we need you're blaming me!\" \"Wait! Who'd you capture?\" \"Agent Elizabeth!\" \"No! Son, can't you see the connection?\" \"What connection? You're making zero sense...\" \"If you have an agent in our HQ then all the screens go blank... and they that some one else has taken over control just who exacty am I thinking of?\" \"Elizabeth is locked up!\" \"You can never be too careful around our enemy agents!\" Mr. Alestar growled as he stomped out the door. Mason stared after his dad in surprise. I'm never good enough! I can never it right! Well, I'll show him! Were his last thoughts before he clicked open his lap top. Using the code Evan had sent her, Elizabeth opened her cell door then tapped into the master computer. Access Granted Her cell phone blinked once then she was in. Opening all doors for an easy escape was simple. A click of a button. Down the unmanned corridors she ran. This was too easy. But here she was out of the building and standing in the wide open. Flicking open her cell she dialed Evan. \"Hang up!\" Evan's voice blasted her ear. Then a strange unearthly sound filled her ear that was pressed to the phone. Screaming then an explosion. \"Evan? Evan!\" Elizabeth yelled. \"Eliza?\" A boy's voice asked. \"Cody?\" Eliza was startled. She hadn't heard from him since the beginning of this frenzied fight. \"Eliza, meet me at HQ!\" Cody yelled. \"Wait! What's?\" the line went dead. Elizabeth paused. Something didn't seem right. It might be a trap or it might not. A click of a gun came from behinde her. \"Move, and you're dead!\"[Chapter 2] Okay sorry I put up that other chapter 2 and well I kinda didn't think about it and now I want to change it so, sorry if you really liked it... here's the replacement... and bonus! It's longer! Elizabeth rolled her eyes, seriously! How many times would some one say that? She thought for a minute longing for all the cool gadgets the lab guy made. All of hers were gone. So instead she slowly she turned around. \"Hey! I said not to move!\" The Skinny guard's hands were shaking on the trigger. He just might accidentally pull it… Eliza reached out suddenly and wrenched the gun from his hands. He stood there stunned. Eliza cocked her head and grinned, \"Good bye,\" She knocked his feet out from under him then whacked the side of his head. He was out cold. No more time to waste Eliza's heels clicked on the pavement as she sprinted out the exit. Just as Evan had rounded the turn in the highway a dark green mist had started to swirl around the mountain nearest to him. He remembered it clearly there had been no smell, no feeling just silence as the mist crept down upon the cars around him. No engine noises, nothing. Then the loudest bang he had ever heard or felt ripped through the valley. The ground turned into waves and made Evan fight for control over his bike. Trees were falling. Building after building was being flattened. Screaming people. Evan desperately radioed HQ, \"Cody! I need back up!\" Agent Cody Banks was Evan's second favorite person to work with when Eliza wasn't around. After Cody yelled that he was on his way, Even saw the monster truck hurtling for him! He wrenched the bike desperately and then at the last moment jumped, rolling to the side of the road. It was then that the mist began again… Cody ran for his helicopter. On the phone it had sounded like, like, Cody didn't know what. But something exciting! Ever since he'd been assigned to work with Evan and Eliza his career had gotten a lot more exciting. Or maybe it was because Mr. Alestar trying to take over the USA… yah, that was probably it. Evan and Eliza had been trained like he had been. Now they were all in for what he like to call the ultimate challenge. While thinking all this Cody had arrived over the valley Evan' s tracker had indicated. Below Cody a green mist hid the city. As he circled down the buildings began to take shape. Well they weren't exactly buildings they were more like mounds of rubble. Then just as Cody was about to try to find a place to land he noticed about 15 helicopters flying towards him. Worst of all, these helicopters had Alestar's mark on them! Evan stared at the sky there! He saw Cody! The boy was swinging down a rope ladder held by the co-pilot. Evan ran to meet Cody. \"Dude! What the heck is going on here?\" He yelled. \"I think it's Alestar again,\" Cody groaned. Evan rolled his eyes, something he and Eliza did a lot. \"Did he ever learn that Seattle is the biggest city around here, not Issaquah?\" \"I don't think so,\" Cody laughed but was cut short by another louder explosion, and both boys landed on the ground. Then in the midst of the cracking of the pavement and collapsing of buildings came the Batman theme song. Evan grabbed his phone. \"Hang up!\" He yelled then another explosion sounded and Evan threw the phone to Cody. Cody yelled to the person on the other end to meet at HQ then hung up. \"Why's you yell hang up?\" Cody yelled in Evan's ear. \"Because I think they're tracking my phone!\" \"Who?\" \"Alestar!\" \"How?\" \"I sent Eliza a message, they have my number now!\" \"Oh this is great! Just great!\" \"We need to get away from my phone!\" \"Come on!\" Cody yelled as he dove for an abandoned Mini Cooper. The two boys got in turned on the engine and drove like mad men around the giant split pieces of the road. Mason was so mad! He pounded the keys on his lap top. This will show dad! He clicked send command. Then turned and ordered a tall guard to send out 15 helicopters to Issaquah. The guard didn't argue even though he thought the kid was crazy. Mason clicked release and then watched on web cam as the green mist enveloped the city. Now to blast the stupid people's ears! He clicked another button and set off the earthquake. He loved doing this! Buildings collapsing! This was totally wicked awesome! Little did he know what his dad had planned. It was way worse then this! Eliza raced into HQ yelling for Tad the lab guy. He was no where to be seen. \"Calm down, This is totally normal,\" Eliza's cool voice lasted for only one sentence then suddenly she jumped up and down. \"What's going on?!?!?!?\" Cody ran into the room closely followed by Evan. \"You made it!\" Eliza cried. \"Duh! Do you really think an earthquake and a mist could stop us?\" Evan crowed. \"I guess not...\" Eliza giggled. Cody looked around the room. \"Where's Tad?\" He asked. \"I don't know...\" Eliza said while chewing on her lip. Cody reached the back of the room. The main computer's hard disc was gone. \"Evan, you said that they were tracking us with the number you sent on Eliza's phone. I don't think that's what happened. I think that Tad was tracking us,\" Cody stated calmly. \"He always tracks us!\" \"What if he was tracking us from some where else?\" \"Why would he do that?\" \"You are so dense! He's switched sides!\" Cody yelled. All patience lost he stormeed around the room. Evan and Eliza looked shocked. Cody was quickly learning that to trust someone was a very risky thing to do, and trusting Tad was a very stupid thing to do. So that's the new chapter 2! What do you think? PLEASE review! I really really want feed back! BTW which chapter did you like better? ","Summary":" I do not own Agent Cody Banks, but I do own everything else. She strode confidently into the room. "},{"Movie":"Agent Cody Banks","Title":"Kidnapped","Author":"Radiant Arabian Nights","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10061074","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: All Characters belong to their original owners. Author's Note: I am Handicapped so please bare that in mind if my spelling is off. I use spell checker Introduction Agent Cody Banks is now 25-years-old and still in the CIA full time now. Away from his family. That when he gets a Ransome call. They want him for them. Now Agent Banks only has one week to find his family and save everyone. Will he make it in time? Prologue Agent Cody Banks now 25 was fully trained to perform in any situation. He could fly a helicopter and a plane and use all types of weapons. His Girlfriend/fiancée is Emily Sommers from Britain. He had 15 successful operations under his belt in such a small time he was a legend at the CIA. Emily and Cody had been together since they were 16 and they were used to each other and sometimes pairing up on missions. They both made a good team. Emily fully supported him with being a CIA Agent. She was used to spending time away from him. But at the end of the day they both missed each other. Cody moved out of home when he was 18 to a CIA training camp to learn more. He spoke to his parents and brother rarely. But that was the price he paid for being a CIA Agent. His family didn't know he was an Agent. That was his best kept secret. Before he moved out he did CIA missions during the Summer Holiday's. But now he did it all the time. He really liked his job he had many friends within the CIA and other contacts in different countries. He was the youngest successful agent to agency had ever seen. He moved around quite a bit so he didn't have a permanent home. His parents thought he had an apartment in New York and was going Music. It was better this way to not put them in any danger. But little did he know danger was coming their way… Author's Note: What do you think of the idea? Please review and i'll update as soon as possible. Sorry for the short Prologue the next will be longer promise:)[Chapter 2] POLLS: In the next two weeks I am putting up polls for all stories. To see which ones I should continue first. Each poll will be different with different story names. Some you can only vote once others for four or more. So choice wisely I am taking all your opinions to heart and these polls very seriously. If the story is not chosen. I will continue it at some stage but it will go in the order of the votes. Thank you all Dragons_Twilight1992 ","Summary":" Disclaimer: All Characters belong to their original owners. Author's Note: I am Handicapped so plea"},{"Movie":"Agent Cody Banks","Title":"Because They Deserve To Know","Author":"Danni Lea","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6035902","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Because They Deserve to Know A/N: This just randomly popped into my head while I was meandering around Facebook and Deviantart. Cody is probably (more than likely) OOC. I might have a few things wrong because I haven't seen the movie in years and I can't really find it in good quality. Oh yeah, Cody is sixteen in this story. Don't expect regular updates. Darth Real Life has reared its ugly head. And for this story chapters will be really short. They're meant to be kind of drable-ish. The reason being: I plan on turning this into a bigger story when Darth Real Life buggers off. So this is an outline of sorts I guess. And Cody just got back from a mission. Nothing big. Summary: Cody was tired of lying to his parents. And they we tired of Cody lying to them. They want the truth. Too bad Cody can't give it, no matter how bad he wants to. Cody touched the bruise that was forming on his face. He was honestly surprised Big Ugly Henchmen #1 hadn't broken his jaw. He was really hoping that the bathroom mirror made it look worse than it actually was, because he knew his mom was going to flip out and then he'd have to make up some story about bullies or something. He actually might want to start working on that now…. Cody sighed. He ducked down to grab the First Aid kit under the sink. He peeled off his shirt to look at the bruises forming on his stomach. Tentatively he poked one of the nastier looking bruises and winced. Definitely not letting mom see this one. He eased himself down on the toilet and opened the First Aid kit and pulled out one of the two ace wraps. Gently, Cody eased off his right sneaker and sock to get a better look at his swollen ankle. Wincing, he un-wrapped the ace wrap and began to wrap up his ankle. Absently he noted it was a pretty bad sprain, and he might want to get that looked at. Bully story? Definitely not going to work, Cody decided. Maybe tripping down stairs? As Cody was contemplating what story to use to explain his injuries, the front door slammed open, announcing the arrival of his parents and brother. Cody grabbed his shirt off the floor after finishing with his ankle and yanked it over his head. \"Cody?\" \"Up here Mom!\" He scooped up his sock and shoe and was about to stand up when his mom opened the bathroom door. \"Cody! What on Earth-!\" \"I – uh. I tripped.\" Cody's mom narrowed her eyes and he lips pressed into a thin line. Cody looked everywhere but his mother. When she sighed Cody winced and stood up. \"Straight to your room. Prop up that foot and I'll bring up some ice Cody.\" \"Thanks, Mom.\" Cody knew his mom hadn't believed him. Knew she wouldn't before he opened his mouth. She deserved the truth. In the end, it just wasn't safe. End, Part I. Comments? Constructive Criticism? Flames? Suggestions? You know which pretty little button to hit.[Chapter 2] Because They Deserve To Know – Chapter II A/N: Okay, maybe I lied on the infrequent update thing. Or maybe the plunnie for this is a stubborn little bugger that won't let me go to sleep at 4 AM (0400). The 12 Hour and 24 Hour time translation thing is more for my benefit than anything else really. Trying to get to where I don't even to think about it to know both. Anyway, this chapter/drabble/what-the-hell will center more around Cody and his dad this time. Next chapter I'm going to the try to get Cody and both his parents. Oh, and because I forgot this in the last chapter: DISCLAIMER: Seriously, I have to tell you I don't own anything on a site called fanfiction ? Oh all right. I, Danni Lea, do not own Agent Cody Banks or anything related to it. I don't even have copies of the DVDs. Sad, I know. Cody groaned. His head pounded in perfect harmony with his heart, right wrist, and left shoulder. He really should work on keeping his mouth shut when he was corned by the henchmen. Might save him some problems. Cody sneezed and scrunched up his eyes and nose. I really don't need a cold on top of this. \"Cody? You're going to be late for school.\" His dad opened the door and frowned when he looked at Cody. Cody rolled over to look at his dad and let out another groan. He knew the bruise on his temple was very clearly visible. He was sure some other part of his face was bruised, but he really couldn't bring himself to care at the moment. His head was hurting to much – even more so than the nearly broken wrist. His dad walked over to his bed and placed a hand on Cody's forehead. Cody let out a harsh cough and another groan as his headache intensified. Note to self: midnight swimming is a really bad idea, even if it wasn't mine to begin with. Or entirely voluntary. \"Well, you're not going to school today Cody. I'll be back up in a couple of minutes.\" Cody just rolled back over with a tired nod. He hadn't meant to fall asleep, but he must have. Because when he opened his eyes his dad was holding his arm and looking at his wrist and his bruised shoulder. \"Cody, how-?\" \"Bully,\" He murmured. And just like last month with his mom, he knew his dad didn't believe him. Not even close. But he couldn't tell the truth. Not a month ago, not now. \"Cody, try to get up. I'm taking you to the hospital. No arguments.\" Cody didn't have it in him to argue anyway. To Cody's surprise his wrist was broken, his shoulder dislocated, and he had a concussion. His right wrist was put into a cast and his left arm in a sling. His dad was told to wake him up every hour and to make sure he kept hydrated. His cold turned out to be low-scale pneumonia. The drive back home was quiet and uneventful, which suited the sick teen just fine. When they got home, his dad set Cody up on the couch, his reason being that he wanted Cody in eyesight the whole time he was working around the house. Cody decided he was perfectly fine with it. He knew his dad was worried. He knew both his parents knew he was lying. So he'd let them be overprotective and slightly paranoid. Because they were his parents and even though they deserved to know the truth, he couldn't them. Not yet, and maybe not ever. End Chapter II You know the drill. Reviews keep authors happy, and keep them churning out the chapters![Chapter 3] Because They Deserve to Know Chapter III A/N: Four days, three updates. Wow. This is the fastest I've ever done anything. Sadly there's only going to be a few more chapters for this story. It'll be my first completed story that isn't a one-shot! How awesome is that? Cody gently pried open the window to the living room and hoped with every non-aching part of his body that his parents and Alex were fast asleep. He pulled himself through the window and flopped onto the couch. The second his body hit the cushions, the living room light flipped on. He shot up and was half way standing in a basic defense form when h registered his parents sitting across from the couch. With a sigh he sat back down and waited for one of them to speak. \"Cody, we want the truth.\" Well, that was unexpected. \"Mom-\" \" Cody. You come with injuries you claim are from bullies, and falls, and skateboard crashes, and all kinds of other things. Your mother and I believed you at first, but not anymore. We want the truth Cody.\" He wondered if this time they would believe it really was bullies, because for the first time it truly, honest to god was. They threatened his little brother, so he let his mouth get away with him. Cody said so to his parents. His mom looked him dead in the eye, and for the first time in months, he didn't have to look away. She nodded slowly and turned to her husband. Cody's father had his mouth pressed into a thin line as his eyes searched Cody's face, eyes, body language, looking for any sign of a lie. And for the first time in months, he found none. His father looked him dead in the eye and gave him a faint smile. \"I'm glad you're defending Alex, Cody.\" Cody relaxed and slumped further into the couch. Distractedly he wondered if there was a reason his parents kept saying his name. There probably was, and Cody doubted he'd understand it even if he knew the reason. His dad stood up and coaxed Cody into getting off the couch and taking the stairs up to his room. His mom came in five minutes late with a glass of water and a couple of Excedrin, which she put into Cody's hands and watched as he swallowed them. He settled into his bed and finally let exhaustion overcome him. He fell into a deep, dreamless sleep. And for the first time it what felt like forever, his parents could sleep without worry. If only for that night. End Chapter III Chapter IV to come soon…maybe… You know you want to leave a lovely review :)[Chapter 4] Because They Deserve to Know – Chapter IV A/N: I think this may be the last chapter. This'll my first completed chapter story ever. I feel so proud :3. For those that want more than this: HAVE NO FEAR! I plan on coming back to this and making it an epic someday. However, it looks as if my first epic will actually be a Percy Jackson and the Olympians story. Completely AU too. –grins- Anyway, I have this focusing on his teacher, because, well c'mon. His teachers had to notice something. Especially his gym teacher. They can sniff out injuries like a blood hound, I swear. Mr. Kerr was observant if nothing else. He cared for his students and he always knew if they had an injury, how serious it was, and roughly how long it would affect them in gym class. Very few of his students every came in with constant injuries. The only ones that did were usually on a sports team or – ' god forbid,' he thought- abused. Cody Banks fell into neither category and that confused him. The boy was good at sports that was certain. He could easily make the basketball team, and that was why he never bought the kids bull about being clumsy. At first he really had thought Cody was being abused. He almost went to the authorities too, but the thing that change his mind was the call from his parents. Cody's mother had called Mr. Kerr and put him on speaker phone so both she and her husband could talk to him. Their first words out of Cody Banks' father's mouth was: Has Cody told where all those injuries are coming from? He keeps telling us bullies but… Mr. Kerr had become determined to find out what exactly was happening to his student. The rest of the staff had jumped right on board with his plan. They had all noticed the bruises and broken bones and sprains. And they were all scared. \"Cody, can I talk to you real quick?\" As Cody walked toward him, Mr. Kerr took in his appearance. To be blunt, he looked exhausted. There was a nasty bruise on his jaw, shadows under his eyes, and he was limping. Mr. Kerr frowned. \"I want you to sit out today. No arguments. You're injured enough.\" Cody just nodded. Mr. Kerr put his hand on Cody's shoulder and paused for a moment. \"Cody… I want you to know that, whatever you've gotten yourself into, you can always come to me, or any of the faculty, for help if you need it.\" He must have told the boy this a million times but he never talked, and every time he asked how he got the injuries… \" I tripped!\" \" Oh, I ticked off a couple of class bullies, no big deal Mr. Kerr.\" \" I was playing basketball with a few friends. I fell…and got hit with the ball…\" \" A couple of jerks we're going to go after Alex. So I kind of punched the lead dummy.\" Mr. Kerr actually believed the last one. If Cody Banks was anything other than a chronic liar it was a protective big brother. He knew as the kid's teacher he didn't deserve the truth as much as his parents or brother, but he sure as hell wanted the kid out of whatever trouble he managed to get himself into. Too bad Mr. Kerr didn't know how badly Cody Banks wanted to tell the truth. Hmm…on this note I do believe this story is finished unless I get bit by another plunnie and churn out something else. Any who keep an eye out for The Art of Teen Spying. It's my Cody Banks and Alex Rider cross over. It's a grand total of one sentence into the story. Like it? Hate it? Only way I'm gonna know is if you hit the pretty review button… ","Summary":" Because They Deserve to Know A/N: This just randomly popped into my head while I was meandering aro"},{"Movie":"Bandslam","Title":"Miracle Out Of Love","Author":"katie on the block","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5407090","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Yes, ANOTHER ONE. But, I think you'll like this one. Tell me what you think. Sam smiled, watching her four-year-old daughter run around the front yard, laughing as her godmother chased her around. As Charlotte scooped the tiny tot into her arms, Sam laughed lightly as the little girl squealed. She couldn't believe she was actually a mother. She had been, for four whole years now and it still seemed surreal to her. Born on July 2 of 2010, Jadira Charlotte Burton, now four years old, is the most eccentric child in their whole neighborhood. She's known to everyone. She's like a little celebrity. Of course, her mother being known for her singing talent helped with that. Jadira—nicknamed Jade—looks just like Sam. Big brown eyes, long curly black hair, cute button nose. She's a little small for her age, but she's always been little. She looks nothing like her father, Will. He has curly hair as well, but she got everything from Sam. Sam never thought of herself as a mother. When she found out she was pregnant, she couldn't believe it. She didn't believe it. She was still Sa5m—the five is silent. She was the biggest loser in school; she couldn't be a mother. She'd only had sex once and that was with Will . He was the loser that was tied with her. It never dawned on her that they didn't use protection and that she could have gotten pregnant. She didn't use birth control, so there was even bigger chance of pregnancy; they just didn't think about that. When she found out she was pregnant, Sam went to Charlotte first. Will was the last to know. Sam felt bad about it, but she didn't know how to tell him that they'd conceived a child without even trying. She remembered telling him. Sam walked into Will's house and she stopped quickly when she saw Karen. They looked at each other for a few seconds before anything was said. \" I need to talk to Will… Is he home?\" Sam asked. \" He's in his room,\" Karen said. \"But, keep the door open. No repeats of last month.\" Sam's cheeks turned a bright red and she bit her lip as she nodded before running to Will's room. \"Will?\" she asked. \" Hey,\" Will said. \"What's up?\" \" We need to talk.\" \" About what?\" \" It's kind of depressing,\" she said, sitting on his bed. \" What's not depressing these days?\" \" I'm pregnant.\" Will stared at Sam for a few seconds. \"…Rewind?\" \" I said I'm pregnant. You know, bun in the oven. It was conceived. I'm having a baby— we are having a baby. A little, teeny tiny person that's going to be lodged through my vagina in the delivery room, leaving me in even more misery that I'm in now. It's gonna—\" \" Sam, I know what it means, I… How?\" \" Oh, I dunno. It couldn't have been when we had sex because I wasn't on the pill and we didn't use a condom.\" \" Don't be sarcastic.\" \" Not even one of the flavored ones.\" \" Sam.\" Sam sighed and she ran her hand through her hair. \"…You know, this is kind of mostly your fault.\" \" Me?!\" Will said as his eyes widened. \"How is it my fault?!\" \" You're the one that carries the sperm, you ejaculated; not me.\" \" So? You participated in the same activities I did!\" \" Yes… But, I didn't get you pregnant; you got me pregnant.\" \" Who's pregnant?\" Karen asked from the doorway. \" Charlotte,\" Will and Sam said. \" Oh, well tell her I said 'congratulations',\" she said before walking down the hall. \" Do you realize that this is going to be a life changing decision for us?\" \" Yeah, no shit, Sherlock; it never occurred to me that I wouldn't be a normal person again after having a kid,\" Sam said. \" You're not even normal right now. You sound like Ben Stein.\" \" I had a stutter!\" Sam snapped, standing up from the bed. \"Don't bring that shit down on me, I get enough of it from the spoiled brats at school!\" \" Charlotte doesn't make fun of you.\" \" I'm not talking about her! God, Will, you just… You… Ugh, you drive me crazy!\" she said, walking out of his room. \" Wait a minute,\" Will said, running after her. \"We have to talk about this, you can't leave.\" \" You aren't showing any interest that you want to talk about it! I'm going home. Don't follow me, don't call me, just leave me alone!\" Sam shouted, slamming the front door behind her. That was almost five years ago. They worked it out the next day, but it was still filled with drama and sarcasm. Almost every conversation they have is nothing but sarcasm or jokes. Sam's the more sarcastic of the two, but when Will tries to be clever, he just ends up sounding dumb or rude, which makes her mad sometimes. \"Mommy, help!\" Sam snapped out of her daze when Jade's voice came to her. She looked over to the four-year-old, who was being pinned down by Charlotte, who was tickling her. She laughed a little. \"Sorry, Jade; no can do. Mommy isn't the one that started it.\" \"Auntie Char, wait!\" Jade said with wide eyes as she held her hands out. Charlotte stopped tickling Jade. \"What is it?\" \"I hafta go potty.\" \"Alright, get in there, Kiddo,\" she said, helping Jade up. Charlotte walked up to the porch and sat next to Sam as Jade ran into the house. \"So. Four years old. Seems like time's flown by, huh?\" Sam nodded, picking up a Marlboro box. \"You're telling me,\" she said, taking a cigarette out of the box. She put it in her mouth and picked up a lighter that was next to her. She lit the cigarette and took a small drag before blowing the smoke from her mouth. \"I thought I was nursing her for the first time this morning. And then I blinked,\" she said. \"Yeah, blinking is no fun. She's getting to look more and more like you, though. She's beautiful. When she's ten and she's staying the night at my place, it'll be like babysitting you all over again.\" Sam laughed lightly. \"Hey, you would have never known it was me if you hadn't introduced yourself to me that day in high school.\" \"I didn't pay attention. I never cared about the things around me.\" \"Amen, sister. That's the way to go; bad to the bone.\" \"It's called being careless.\" Sam shrugged and she took a drag from her cigarette. \"Careless is my middle name,\" she said, blowing the smoke out. \"No, it isn't. It's 'the five is silent'.\" Sam laughed. \"Nice. I don't spell it that way anymore. That's old news.\" \"It was creative. I love it.\" \"You love anything and everything.\" \"That's very true. Especially that little monkey of yours; I can't wait to have my own someday.\" \"You have to have a guy for that… You have to have sex for it.\" \"I've had sex!\" Sam laughed. \"Don't let the whole neighborhood know; they'll think I'm a freak or something.\" \"Well… Look at you…\" Sam stared at Charlotte for a few seconds and she took another drag from her cigarette. \"I resent that,\" Sam said. \"You really know how to break a girl's heart, Charlotte, thank you very much.\" \"You aren't phased by it; if you were, a knife would be to my throat.\" \"I don't own a knife. I don't own any kitchen utensils that will harm my daughter.\" \"That's why you have pizza every night.\" \"Yes… Yes, it is. Pizza is easy and simple. And it tastes good.\" \"Very good.\" \"Yep,\" Sam said, taking another drag. She blew the smoke out. \"Very good.\"[Chapter 2] ilovevanessahudgens: Thanks! I haven't even seen the movie yet, but I was itching to make a story of it. I added a special guest, just for the fun of it. She's my favorite actress, I thought it might be interesting. Sam walked into hers and Will's room and she let out a small breath as she closed the door behind her. She walked over to her dresser and looked at Will for a few seconds as he watched her. \"…What?\" she asked. Will shook his head. \"Nothing. You just look really beautiful right now.\" \"Thanks...\" she said, getting a pair of underwear and a sports bra from her drawer. \"Mhmm.\" Sam took her shirt off and threw it in the clothes hamper, before taking off her bra, jeans, and underwear and putting them into the hamper as well. She slid the sports bra on and pulled her underwear on, before sitting on the bed and getting under the covers. She stayed silent for a few seconds and brought her knees up to her chest, wrapping her arms around her legs. \"…Will?\" \"Yeah?\" \"Do you regret Jade?\" Will looked at Sam for a few seconds. \"Why would you think that?\" Sam shrugged, but Will didn't let it go. \"Sam, what's going on?\" he asked. \"Nothing, I was just asking. Is that a crime?\" Sam snapped. \"No… But, if you're asking me if I regret something, especially our daughter then that makes me think that something is going on and I think I have a right to know, as your boyfriend.\" Sam looked at Will. \"You're not my boyfriend. You never have been, Will; we've always been fuck buddies. You know that.\" \"Whatever, Sam; turn off your light,\" Will said as he turned over. Sam turned her light off and she couldn't help but let the tears she'd been holding back, fall down her cheeks. She never was a loud crier. In fact, when and if she ever cried, she was usually alone and no sound came from her. The only thing that had a voice was the quietness of those tears that fell and that was fine with Sam. She didn't know why she was crying right now. Maybe it was the fact that she hurt Will. Even though he didn't show it, she knows her words hurt him. You're not my boyfriend. You never have been, Will. Those words kept replaying themselves in her mind and she hated that they came from her mouth. If they would have come from anyone, it definitely would have been Sam, but she didn't mean to say it. She just said what was on her mind. Sam sighed and ran her hand through her hair, walking out of her bedroom. She walked downstairs and smiled, seeing Charlotte in the kitchen, eating a bowl of cereal… Actually, it was more like drinking the left over milk from a spoon. \"When did you get here, where's Will, and how long has Jade been awake?\" \"Since about 7:00, he's at the store, and she's been up since 7:02. I palm piloted it,\" Charlotte said. \"You don't have a palm pilot.\" Charlotte tapped her head. \"All in here, The Five Is Silent.\" \"You keep your information stored with air?\" A few seconds of silence floated through the air before Charlotte finally said something. \"Your sarcasm hurts, Sam.\" \"My child belongs to you if Will and I die,\" Sam said. \"I love you.\" \"Charlotte, do not open that door!\" Sam shouted, catching Jade running towards the front door. \"I'm not even by the door!\" Charlotte yelled from the living room. \"I'm not talking to you,\" she said in a sing songy, 'duh' tone as she progressed towards the door. She stopped at the door and looked at Jade. \"What did I tell you about answering the door? Have we not talked about this before? Do you know how dangerous it is for a four-year-old little girl to answer the door of her own home? Do you have any idea how hurt I would be if something happened to you, just because you opened the door ?\" she asked, emphasizing the last part. Jade looked at Sam for a few seconds and then shrugged. \"Sorry, Mom,\" she said, before running for the living room. \"You better be sorry,\" she said, opening the door. \"And, I'm Mommy until you're moved out of this house!\" \"Do you have a troublesome toddler on your hands? Do you need a break? Are you going absolutely insane ?\" a familiar voice asked, in an advertisement-like tone. \"Sorry, I just…\" Sam paused, looking to see who she was talking to. There stood none other than one of her best friends, the one and only Ashley Tisdale, sporting a new blonde look. \"Oh my gosh! What are you doing here!\" she asked with a laugh as the two hugged. \"I was in the neighborhood,\" Ashley said as they pulled apart. \"I'm promoting my album, I thought I'd come here to bug you and spoil my favorite little Chigger.\" \"She's the intolerable teenaged midget I was just yelling at. Come in, don't just stand there,\" she said, moving from the door. \"Well, if you'd moved sooner, I would have been in fifteen whole seconds ago,\" Ashley said as she closed the door behind her. Sam went to L.A. for a concert and she met Ashley at a promotion screening for her first album. She ended up staying at a cousin's house, who lived just a few houses down from Ashley and they quickly became good friends in the short month Sam had been there. Ashley was introduced to Jade first thing because she'd run into her when she was running away from Sam because she'd gotten in trouble for eating the grass. Jade ran down the street and luckily Ashley was outside, because she ran down her driveway and scooped the then two-year-old up in her arms just as her older sister had started to back out of the driveway. Sam could never thank Ashley enough for it, because she might not have Jade today if she hadn't picked her up. Ever since they met, the two of them made vice-versa trips every three or so months to keep the normalcy in their friendship. \"Well, I was busy getting the stats on why you were here—hey!\" Sam snapped as a dog ran between her and Ashley. The dog was normally Ashley's teacup maltipoo, Maui, but this time it was Charlotte's ten-week-old Labrador retriever. \"Charlotte!\" \"What!\" Jade shouted. \"I'm not talking to you,\" she said, picking up the dog and leading Ashley to the living room. \"I'm talking to the blonde Barbie doll that let her dog run wild through my house to chew, pee, and scratch on things.\" \"I didn't know she got off her leash,\" Charlotte said, holding her arms out. \"Who's the Sharpay replica?\" she asked as Sam handed the dog to her. \"The Sharpay replica that isn't a replica,\" Ashley said. \"I'm the real thing… Person, whatever.\" \"Long time no see.\" \"Ashley!\" Jade shouted, running to Ashley. Ashley laughed and picked Jade up, kissing her cheek. \"Hey, Chigger. How've you been?\" \"Good!\" \"That's great. You wanna see a picture?\" \"Of who?\" \"Sadie,\" she said, putting Jade down. \"Yeah!\" \"Who's Sadie?\" Charlotte asked. \"My daughter,\" Ashley said, taking her wallet from her purse. \"One of them,\" Sam corrected. \"She has three girls and two boys. How you manage that many children is beyond me.\" \"I was perfectly happy with three, but Scott insisted we try for another and ended up with two,\" Ashley said, taking a picture from her wallet. She handed it to Jade and ran her hand through her hair, looking at Charlotte. \"I'm sorry; I'm Ashley. It's nice to meet you.\" \"Oh, we've met. It was a couple years ago, though; during Sam's album promotion? I'm Charlotte,\" Charlotte said. \"I'm terrible at remembering names and faces.\" \"It's fine. How old are your kiddos?\" \"Scott's four, Serenity's three, Mikey's two, and Sadie and Andrea are five months.\" \"Wow, had 'em close together, huh?\" \"The first three weren't planned. Scott and Serenity are eleven months apart. Serenity will be four in a few days. Mikey was in talks of, but we didn't decide when to start trying. He showed up on the screen two weeks later.\" \"Two weeks? You can tell that soon in?\" \"I was already pregnant when we started talking.\" Charlotte nodded. \"Wow. I hope I have a big family. I have a late start.\" \"Boyfriend not wanting kids?\" Sam snorted. \"Please. She doesn't have a boyfriend,\" she said. \"Thank you, ever-so-caring,\" Charlotte said. \"I told you your sarcasm hurts.\" \"Deal with it.\" \"If it makes you feel any better, my husband is the same way,\" Ashley said. \"It's like they're related, their sarcasm is so much alike.\" \"Sarcasm can be different?\" Sam asked. \"You learn something every day.\" \"No kidding. I thought I was done with school.\" \"You thought wrong. Every day life is school, Sam. No matter how hard you try not to focus on something, you learn at least one thing every day. Usually more. Things you already knew, you're reminded of.\" Sam raised her eyebrows and nodded, crossing her arms. \"Huh.\"[Chapter 3] ilovevanessahudgens: I FINALLY WATCHED IT!! And I loved it! I'm SOOO sorry it took so long for this chapter. This chapter isn't very long, but at least it's something. Right? Riiight. Sam ran her hand through her hair, sitting on the steps of the porch. She saw one of her blonde friends sit next to her, but didn't both looking to see who it was. She could see a cigarette floating to her mouth and then saw the long stream of smoke rings. That meant it was Ashley, because she's the only one of the blondes that smokes. Sam watched Jade run around the front yard and she looked beside her, watching Ashley make more smoke rings. \"You look like a fish,\" she said. Ashley blew the rest of the smoke out of her mouth and took another drag. \"Thanks,\" she said, blowing the smoke out. Sam looked back to Jade and then looked at her shirt. She stretched it out as far as it would stretch and she let it snap back to her form with a sigh. \"A penny for your thoughts,\" Ashley said. A sigh escaped Sam's lips. \"I think I'm pregnant.\" Ashley smiled. \"Congratulations. That's great.\" \"Not for me.\" \"Why not?\" Sam shrugged. \"I dunno, I just… I'm not ready for another one. Not yet. Not ever.\" \"What about Chigger? You do really good with her.\" \"Because I have to, not because I want to.\" Ashley looked at Sam for a few seconds and she sighed, shaking her head as she flicked the excess ashes from her cigarette. \"That's terrible, Sam.\" \"I never wanted her. I hate kids. I just tolerate her because she's mine.\" \"Knock it off. That's your little girl you're talking shit about. What if she hears you? What if she asks you why you don't love her? What are you gonna tell her; because she was a mistake and should have never been conceived?\" Sam looked at Ashley for a few seconds. \"Fuck you,\" she snapped, standing up. \"Well, Jesus Christ, Sam; you have to think about that. If you say the wrong thing at the wrong time, you're going to regret it because she won't want to be around you after you hurt her feelings. No mother would deliberately drive their child away like that.\" \"Well, I guess I'm not fit to be a mother,\" Sam said, walking inside. Ashley sighed and she put her cigarette out in the ashtray. \"Chigger, let's go inside,\" she called to Jade. \"How come? I wanna play,\" Jade said, running up to the steps. \"Because I need to talk to Mommy. I'll bring you back out after dinner; you can't be out here by yourself,\" she said, standing up. \"Go inside, play with your dolls. I have a new game on my cell phone you can play, if you stay sitting down with it.\" \"What game?\" \"High School Musical. It's fun.\" \"Okay! Is it in your purse?\" \"Yeah. It's in the kitchen.\" Ashley walked into the house after Jade ran in and she sighed, closing the door behind her. She walked into the living room and stared at Sam for a few seconds, crossing her arms. \"So, since you're basically saying that you wish your daughter had never been born, I guess that means you'd be more than willing to take her to some stranger's house and give her up,\" she said. \"Shut up. Drop it,\" Sam said. \"What?\" Charlotte said. \"When did this happen?\" \"Five minutes ago,\" Ashley said. Charlotte looked at Sam. \"Sam… that's… awful,\" she said. \"Shut up!\" Sam snapped. \"Forget about it, okay!\" \"How the hell do you expect someone to forget about that!\" Ashley said. \"Sam, that little girl is a miracle. Saying that she was a mistake is horrible, unloving, and not human.\" \"You called her a mistake?\" Charlotte asked. \"How could you do that? Jade is your baby.\" \"I know!\" Sam shouted. \"Let it go, leave me alone about it!\" \"I can't do that, Sam… That's my goddaughter.\" \"I can't either; I'm a mother,\" Ashley said. \"Not a very smart one. Your kids aren't even a year apart,\" Sam said. \"That wasn't on purpose. That was an accident.\" \"So, you call your kids accidents, but when I say it was a mistake for me to have a kid, you yell and jump my ass about it.\" \"Getting pregnant so soon after having Scotty was an accident. I never said my kids were accidents. You literally called Chigger a mistake.\" \"Same difference! God, you two are… Ugh, you both get on my fucking nerves!\" \"Why! Because we're trying to tell you that what you said was wrong? It's true! It was wrong, it was cold, and it was heartless !\" \"Why do you care so much about what I say!\" \"Because I do, okay! I said the same thing about Scotty once, and it almost ended in a divorce! There were witnesses when I said it, and if it had gone to court, I could have gotten my kids taken from me for verbal abuse! The same thing could happen with Chigger!\" \"I'm not you! I'm not married to Will!\" \"You can still get that little girl taken away from you!\" \"I don't care!\" Sam shouted, standing up. \"Let whoever wants her, take her! I don't care!\" she yelled before running out of the room. Charlotte and Ashley both had tears rolling down their cheeks by this point. Ashley sat on the couch and she sniffled, shaking her head slowly. \"How can anyone say that about their baby?\" Ashley whispered. \"Sam's a complicated person,\" Charlotte said. \"Obviously.\" \"Are you okay?\" Ashley nodded. \"I'm fine… It just hurts me. As a mother, you know? I went this myself and I was so close from losing my kids. I don't want Sam to lose Chigger. That little girl loves her to death.\" \"Yeah… I'm like her second mother. She's not as close to me as she is to Sam, though… She's just like her. Everything about her is an exact replica of Sam. Except for the stuttering. She's never stuttered.\" \"Serenity stutters. She gets so frustrated sometimes because we correct her and try to get her to pronounce it right.\" \"I do that with Jade. She was speaking by the time she was two because I talked to her so much.\" \"Yeah, she was a little chatterbox when I met her.\" \"Always had been, thanks to me.\" \"It's all your fault.\" \"Yep. Proud of my work.\"[Chapter 4] ilovevanessahudgens: Yeah, I think it was pretty decent. I couldn't think of anything else to do. If you, or if anyone in general has any ideas, then you should totally let me know and I'll see what I can work with. Sam walked into the kitchen and she looked at Charlotte for a few seconds before making her way to the refrigerator. Things between the two of them had been weird every since they had that blow out a few days ago. Ashley left to go back to Los Angeles that night and Sam and Charlotte didn't know what to say to each other, so both of them were confused. \"Jade was looking for you,\" Charlotte said. Sam nodded. \"Okay. Thanks,\" she said, getting a water bottle and closing the refrigerator door. \"Have you talked to Ashley?\" \"No.\" \"What about Will?\" \"No.\" \"You have to tell him you're pregnant, Sam.\" \"Who are you, my mother?\" Charlotte stared at Sam for a few seconds and she stood up. \"You know what? Just because you said something that you regret doesn't mean you have to take it out on me. Or anyone else for that matter. You chose to say what you said and if you can't take responsibility for making a mistake with your choice of words, then just leave it at that.\" \"I don't regret it. I meant it,\" Sam said. \"Whatever,\" Charlotte said, walking out of the kitchen. Sam sighed and she leaned against the island. She felt tears filling her eyes, but she quickly blinked them away when she heard Jade walk into the room. \"Hi, Mommy,\" Jade said, climbing onto a stool. \"Hi, Sweetie. Are you hungry?\" \"Nope. Auntie Char made me cereal this morning.\" \"Did you say 'thank you'?\" \"Yep.\" \"Okay.\" Sam took her phone from her pocket and pressed a few buttons before handing it to Jade. \"Ashley sent a picture of all of them.\" \"She looks pretty.\" \"She's a pretty girl.\" \"…Mommy?\" Jade asked, putting the phone on the counter. \"What, baby?\" \"How come you don't love me anymore?\" Sam stared at Jade for a few seconds. Why would she ask me that? Why would she think that? She thought. \"…What? Honey, what makes you think I don't love you?\" \"Cuz, I heard you and Auntie Char and Ashley yelling at each other about me.\" \"Oh… Honey, I… I didn't mean I don't love you, I just… You weren't planned.\" \"You don't want me no more?\" Sam's eyes filled with tears and she shook her head. \"That's not what it means. Mommy and Daddy didn't talk about having you; you just came along. You were a surprise. Don't you ever think that Mommy doesn't love you or that I don't want you. You mean the world to me, Sweetheart; I'd never mean something like that, not even if I said it.\" \"How come you said it then?\" Sam opened her mouth to respond, but nothing came to mind to say. She's too damn smart. She gets that from Will… she thought. \"Because I was mad. I was frustrated, and I just said the first thing that came to my mind…\" \"How come 'I love you' was so far away?\" Sam shook her head. \"I don't know, Honey. Maybe my head was on backwards.\" \"That happens to me, too.\" Sam walked around the island, and she picked Jade up from the stool. She kissed her cheek and she hugged her lightly. \"I love you. More than anything. Don't forget that.\" \"Even when you're mad at me?\" \"Even when I'm mad at you.\" \"Okay. I love you, too.\" Sam kissed Jade's head and she breathed in, getting a strong smell of her—Charlotte's—vanilla shampoo. \"You go play,\" she said, setting Jade down. \"You can put in a movie. Mommy will be in, in a minute.\" \"Okay!\" Jade said, running out of the kitchen. Sam let out a small breath and tears slid down her cheeks almost as soon as Jade left. She let out a small sob and covered her mouth, running her other hand through her hair. How could I let her think I don't love her… Sam walked into hers and Will's bedroom and she closed the door behind her. She took her shirt and jeans off, leaving her in her bra and underwear, and threw her discarded clothes in the hamper before walking over to the bed. She straddled Will and stared at him for a few seconds. \"We need to talk,\" she said. Will raised an eyebrow. \"…Okay?\" \"I know we aren't planning another baby right now, or even in the near future. But, we aren't even using protection to keep from getting pregnant again, so I think that if I end up pregnant one of these days, we shouldn't be surprised or upset or regretful, because we're the ones that didn't take the right precautions.\" \"Okay…\" \"And, I also think that if we have another baby, we need to involve Jade in it as much as possible because I don't want her feeling left out or unloved.\" \"She's never left out or unloved, Sam.\" \"I know that, but she may think differently and I want her to feel like the most special kid in the world.\" \"I'm sure she does. What's all this about?\" \"Nothing, I'm just letting you know.\" \"Okay.\" Sam got off of Will and she laid next to him, getting under the covers. She scooted closer to him and cuddled into him, laying her head on his chest as she draped her arm over his stomach lightly. \"What's with all the loves?\" Will asked, kissing her head. \"I'm pregnant.\"[Chapter 5] ilovevanessahudgens: Thanks for reviewing! I used to be love drunk Now I'm hung over I loved you forever Forever is over Sam groaned, hearing her ringtone for Ashley. She opened her eyes and looked at the clock for a few seconds before sighing and grabbing her cellphone. She laid her head back down on her pillow and she opened her phone. \"Hello,\" she said. \" Hey,\" Ashley said. \"Were you sleeping?\" \"Just a little. What time is it?\" \" Seven, in Jersey.\" \"Why are you up at four in the morning?\" \" I have a photo shoot in an hour.\" \"Who schedules a photo shoot at five in the morning?\" \" My manager. He says it was an accident, but whatever. How have you been?\" Sam shrugged as she sat up, forgetting Ashley couldn't see her. \"Okay, I guess,\" she said, glancing over to Will, who was starting to wake up. \" Did you tell Will about the new Burton?\" \"Last night.\" \" Have sex?\" \"Lots of it. I just got to sleep two hours ago.\" \" If I'd gotten a memo about that, I wouldn't have called. How great was it?\" \"Really great. I mean, not like fireworks. I mean multiple orgasms, Nagasaki bombs, Columbine intense.\" \" Woah. Never heard of a sex session being compared to with a massacre but that must have been hot.\" \"It was.\" \" I wouldn't know how that is, I never get the pleasure anymore. Hey! Scott Andrew, get your ass in bed!\" \" I'm not tired,\" Scott said in the background. \" You're four, you don't know if you're tired or not. Mommy says you're tired, now go to bed or get in bed with Daddy. It's too early for you to be up.\" \" Ren's awake!\" \" She'll go back to sleep. Go get in bed with Daddy. Turn on the TV, just go lay down.\" Sam heard footsteps stomping, and she couldn't help but let out a small chuckle. \" Don't be so loud, you'll wake everyone up,\" Ashley said. \"Sorry about that… Apparently, my son thinks it's sane to be awake at four in the morning.\" \"He gets it from his mother,\" Sam said. \" Whatever. I gotta go, I'm already late. I'll call later; I just called to check in.\" \"That's so sweet of you, Mommy.\" \" Yeah, yeah, yeah. Bye.\" Sam heard a dial tone and she closed her phone, yawning as she ran her hand through her hair. She looked over at Will when she put her phone down on the nightstand, and she smiled at him. \"Morning, Babe.\" \"Morning,\" Will muttered. \"Who was that?\" \"Ashley. Calling to check in.\" \"Why did you tell her we had sex?\" \"She asked. She's a freak.\" \"No kidding. Doesn't she have a sex life of her own?\" \"The twins are only five months old. Every time she has sex she gets knocked up. She's waiting at least two years.\" \"I bet Scott's thrilled.\" \"They have toys.\" \"Mommy!\" Sam sighed lightly, running her hand through her hair. She took her glasses off and laid them on the kitchen table before walking upstairs to Jade's room. She walked into the room and looked at Jade for a few seconds. \"What's wrong?\" Sam asked. \"I don't feel good,\" Jade said. \"What doesn't feel good?\" \"My tummy.\" \"Are you gonna throw up?\" \"I dunno.\" \"You wanna come downstairs with Mommy? I'll make some of your chicken and stars soup.\" \"Yeah!\" \"Okay,\" she said, picking Jade up. \"We can talk, too.\" \"'Bout what?\" \"Babies,\" Sam said, walking out of the room. \"What baby?\" \"I'll show you a picture.\" Sam got downstairs and she sat Jade in the chair next to hers. She got the soup on the stove and then got into her purse, pulling out a strip of black and white pictures, laying them down in front of Jade. \"See this white part?\" she asked. \"Yep. What is it?\" Jade asked. \"It's your brother or sister.\" \"You're having a baby?\" \"Yep.\" \"Where is it?\" \"In my tummy.\" \"How'd it get there?\" Sam stared at Jade. Damn, she sure knows how to ask hard questions. \"Um… Well, Daddy and I made it.\" \"How'd you make it?\" \"I don't know; we just did.\" \"Is it a good thing?\" \"It's a very good thing.\" \"Even though it wasn't talked about? Just like me?\" Sam nodded. \"Yeah… Just like you.\" Sam opened the front door and she looked around for a few seconds. She walked out to the porch and her eyes stopped on Jade. \"Jadira Charlotte Burton, get your ass in this house!\" she shouted. Jade dropped the ball she was playing with and she looked at Sam. \"I wanna play, though.\" \"You didn't ask to come outside, and you know you have to have an adult out here with you. Get inside. Now.\" Jade sighed and she picked up her ball, before running inside the house. Sam closed the door behind her and she walked into the living room, only to see Jade crying into Charlotte's shoulder. \"Why are you crying?\" Sam asked. \"She wanted to play,\" Charlotte said. \"She was out there by herself.\" \"Jade, you know you can't go outside by yourself. What would happen if someone you don't know took you somewhere? We might not see you again if you go out there yourself.\" \"What if it's just to McDonald's?\" Jade asked with a sob. \"It's still dangerous if you don't know who it is. And if someone you know wants to take you somewhere you make sure you have them ask Mommy and Daddy first.\" \"Why can't they ask you?\" \"Well, they can, but it still has to be okay with Mommy and Daddy first.\" \"Okay.\" \"Okay. Go play.\" Sam watched Jade get down from Charlotte's lap, and she sat on the couch with a small sigh. \"Thank you…\" she said. Charlotte shrugged. \"Anytime.\" Charlotte would do anything for Sam, especially if it had to do with Jade. She loved that little girl more than anything. She thinks of Jade as if she was her own, and she always will. She didn't want anything to happen to her. \"Look… I know I've been a bitch lately,\" Sam said. \"No kidding,\" Charlotte muttered. \"Charlotte, I'm pregnant; you know how I was when I was pregnant with Jade.\" \"That's no excuse.\" \"I'm just… I don't know… I don't know what's going on with me. I know I'm being difficult and I'm sorry.\" \"Sam, Jade heard what you said…\" Sam nodded. \"I know. And I talked to her.\" \"You still shouldn't have said it, Sam. She's old enough to remember it, and she'll use it against you as a teenager.\" \"No she won't. Can't we just drop it? Talk about something else…\" \"Like what?\" Sam shrugged. \"I dunno.\" \"How's Ashley doing?\" \"Good, I guess. She called me at seven this morning.\" \"What's she doing up that early?\" \"She had a photo shoot at five.\" \"…Late much?\" \"It was only four in California.\" Charlotte nodded. She always forgot about the time difference. She hated having blonde moments. \"Gotcha.\" Sam sighed and she ran her hand through her hair. \"What am I gonna do?\" \"With what?\" \"This baby.\" \"You're gonna love it unconditionally.\" \"How do you know that? What if I say the same thing about this one that I said about Jade?\" Charlotte sighed and she stood up from her chair. \"You can't think like that, Sam,\" she said, walking towards the front door. \"You have to think positively. You have to believe in yourself. That's your problem. You believe in everyone else, but not yourself. Work on it, Sam. Do something about it.\" Sam watched Charlotte walk out of the house and she sighed as tears filled her eyes. She knew she was right. She knew she had to change her ways, and that's exactly what she's going to do.[Chapter 6] WOW. This is wayyy overdue. I'm so sorry I've been neglecting this story. I'm going to try to get caught up on all of my stories. Thank you so much for not complaining... Lol, you probably forgot all about this story. Anyways, this isn't very long. I kind of ran out of muse, which is why I ended it where I did. Kolo14 : Thank you for reviewing. ilovevanessahudgens : I'm sooo sorry it took so long :( coolio1206 : Thanks for reviewing. Alex Luceli : Lmao, what the heck are you talking about, they'd never do that? WHAT wouldn't they ever do? And yeah, Sam and Will were together in the movie. They're still together. Sam just said that because she was pissed off. It's MY story, I'm writing it MY way. So, chill out a little bit. Kay? Kay. As the next few weeks passed, things between Sam and Charlotte got better, as well as Sam and Will. They were all glad that they'd been getting along and Sam was especially happy that Jade wasn't asking her such difficult questions like how come you don't love me? anymore. She'd had a talk with her to let her know that she could always talk to her, no matter how good or bad her problem was. She knew she was only four years old, but she could tell she understood. As the alarm clock went off, Sam groaned a little, reaching over to turn it off. She stretched before sitting up, and she looked over to Will's side of the bed, seeing that he wasn't there. She stayed there for a few seconds, and realized that she felt a lot better this morning than she had been in a while. She didn't feel nauseas, and she didn't feel miserable; she felt... happy . Getting up out of bed, she ran her hand through her hair and walked over to her mirror. She stared at herself for a few seconds, and she turned to the side, her eyes widening. She let out an ear piercing scream, resulting in Will appearing in the room within seconds. \"What! What happened!\" Will said, breathlessly. \"I'm showing!\" Sam said, pointing to her stomach. Will stared at Sam for a few seconds. \"You're showing.\" \"Yeah! Look; it's a baby bump!\" \"I see it. That baby bump caused you to scream like that?\" \"...Yeah...\" \"Was it necessary?\" \"...No.\" \"Yet, here we are.\" \"I'm sorry. But, the baby's growing... It's going to start kicking soon. That's the first sign of our child's life.\" Will rested his hands on Sam's hips and he pressed his forehead to hers. \"You're an amazing woman...\" he whispered. Sam smiled, wrapping her arms around his neck. \"You think so?\" she whispered back. \"I know so.\" \"I know I've been pretty negative at times... but I'm really excited about this baby.\" \"Me, too...\" \"I want a little boy... We already have a little girl. She's kind of a brat,\" she said with a small laugh. Will laughed. \"Yeah, she takes after her Mommy.\" \"You're mean.\" \"I'm kidding. I love you.\" \"I love you, too.\" \"Me, too!\" Jade said from the door. Sam laughed and she held her arms out to Jade. \"Come here, Baby.\" Jade ran over to Sam and she giggled as she was picked up and placed on her mother's hip. Sam kissed her cheek lightly. \"Happy birthday.\" \"Thanks. I'm five.\" \"Nuh uh, you're thirty,\" Will said. \"Nuh uh, Mommy's thirty.\" \"Oh, no way, man; I'm twenty-four, \"Sam said. \"That's old.\" \"You're old.\" \"Auntie Char's old.\" \"I heard that!\" Charlotte shouted from downstairs. \"Chigger!\" Jade turned around and she gasped, seeing Ashley. She ran over to her and jumped into her arms, wrapping her arms around her neck. \"I missed you,\" Ashley said. \"I missed you, too.\" \"Are you having a good time?\" \"Yeah.\" \"How's the party so far?\" \"It's okay.\" \"Just okay?\" \"Yeah.\" Ashley laughed a little and she kissed Jade's cheek. \"Where's Mommy?\" \"In the kitchen. Where's Serenity?\" \"Scott's getting them out of the car right now.\" \"Can I go out there?\" \"Sure, just stay with Scott.\" Ashley put Jade down and walked into the kitchen, smiling when she saw Sam. \"Hey.\" Sam looked up from a magazine and smiled. \"Hey. When did you get here?\" \"Just now. Ever get that pregnancy test confirmed?\" Sam walked out from behind the counter and she put her hands on her hips, showing off her baby bump. \"Aw, that's so cute... I miss baby bumps,\" Ashley said. \"Too bad you have one every year,\" Sam deadpanned. \"Funny. Do you know what it is yet?\" \"No, but we're wanting a boy.\" \"You haven't lived until you get peed on when you're changing a diaper.\" \"That's gonna suck. When does that stop?\" \"When he's potty trained.\" \"Sam, Karen just called,\" Charlotte said, walking into the kitchen. \"She's not feeling good so she's not gonna come, but she'll stop by when she's feeling better to give Jade her present and to take her out for the day.\" \"Alright. Thanks,\" Sam said. Charlotte looked at Ashley for a few seconds. \"You look familiar.\" \"I should,\" Ashley said. \"You've met me. Twice.\" Charlotte nodded. \"...Who are you?\" \"Ashley.\" \"What? No way, Ashley's blonde.\" \"Not when I'm a brunette.\" ","Summary":" Yes, ANOTHER ONE. But, I think you'll like this one. Tell me what you think. Sam smiled, watching h"},{"Movie":"Agent Cody Banks","Title":"Reunion","Author":"Logan the Awesome","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6234359","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello all. This is my first Cody Banks stroy. I have seen both of the movies but don't own a copy. Funny, my brother introduced them to me and we watched the second before the first. We both liked the second better for some reason though. Anywho, after watching them again earlier this summer on Disney Channel with my brother, I found a lot of loose ends. What happened to Natalie in the second? Would Cody ever see Emily again? Would chocolate surprise ever become a real candy? So, this story is sort of like a third installment. Ties up a few loose ends. ENJOY! 15, June, 16:29 The time was set for five minutes. She had five minutes to do this, to pass the test to go to the next level. She ran down the hallway, parcel in hand and came across her first obstacle; getting through a room through the vents. She took her graffel pen and shot it at the ceiling. Clicking the pen she made her way up towards the ventilation system. Four minutes left. She jumped down from the vents and went running. She could see the exit just ahead, but she heard the sound of footsteps. Out from the shadows came six guards, blocking the way out. She took a deep breath and took her fighting stance. Three minutes left. She already took out two of the guards. The other four were fighting hard but she was better. She took out two more guards with a spin kick. Two minutes left. She took out the rest of the guards. She reached down towards each pocket and took away their weapons. She put these into her duffle bag. One minutes left. She picked up the bag with the extra weapons and made a run for it. 5 seconds left. She's really close, about ten feet away. 4 seconds left. She's even closer, but the exit is closing. She goes faster. 3 seconds left. She's five feet away. 2 seconds left. She's running out of time and lunges for the door. 1 second left. She makes it through the doorway. 0 seconds… BOOM! The explosion closely followed her exit sending her flying a little further than expected. Keeping a firm grasp on the duffle bag, she rolled down the front lawn a little ways then got up. She held her hand to her ear and spoke. \"Mission accomplished,\" she spoke. \"I'll see you back at base.\"[Chapter 2] Okay, here is the next chapter. Another short one but chapters will get MUCH longer. ENJOY! 16 June, 10:45 \"Excellent work Agent Greenwell,\" said the Director of the CIA. A teenage girl with dark brown hair and a magenta stripe on the right side and bangs walked down a hallway with the CIA director and a man with short sandy brown hair. \"You should be very proud of yourself. Not many fifteen year olds can complete their second to last mission so successfully. Agent Banks, you've taught her well.\" \"Ah it was nothing,\" said the other man, referred to as Cody Banks. \"It was fun teaching my little cousin.\" \"Even counting all the times I almost killed you?\" the girl asked. \"Hey, even if I may have been upset at the time, I can't do anything to you. Dad would kill me if he found out I harmed his youngest sister's daughter. Oh, and just to tell you, I still have scars from the last explosion you caused.\" \"Hey it's not my fault,\" said the girl. \"I was a young child then.\" \"You are a young child Becca,\" said Cody. \"Teenager,\" corrected Becca. \"Whatever,\" said Cody. The CIA director groaned and rubbed his temples. Ever since the recruited Becca Greenwell, Cody Banks' younger cousin, it had been nothing but nonsense arguments that could go on for ages if someone didn't stop them. Their longest one was a week. Deciding to change the subject to spare him of a headache, the CIA director decided to bring up what he and Agent Banks were discussing at the last meeting they had about the current mission. \"Agent Banks, as you know we are planning on sending you on the field for the mission I briefly told you about last week. Do you think that Agent Greenwell will be able to assist you?\" Becca's face lightened up when she heard this. Her whole life had she wanted to go on a mission with her cousin Cody; a real one that is. She had only gone on local mission for tests that were planned. She wanted this…badly. \"Well,\" said Cody looking over towards Becca, who was giving him puppy dog eyes. \"Please Cody,\" she begged. \"You really think you're ready?\" he asked. \"Yes,\" she said. \"I've been ready for this. Please Cody!\" Cody sighed. \"I know you have been,\" he said. \"Come on, let's get our assignment.\" Becca's face broke into a wide smile. \"Thanks Cody,\" she said. \"I won't let you down, or you sir.\" The director smiled, a very rare gesture that creped her out a bit. \"Come on,\" he said. \"It's time to get more information on your mission.\" The three headed throughout the CIA headquarters until they came to a set of white double doors. The CIA director scanned his eyes and hand for DNA samples then typed in a password on a keyboard that seemed it might have taken ages to memorize. After he typed in the long code, the double doors opened. The three walked inside what seemed like a conference room. It had a long table with chairs and a big television screen at one end. There were also two other people inside, a tall woman with raven black hair and a larger man with curly black hair. \"Hey Cody, Becca, what's up?\" said the man Becca recognized as Derek Bowman. \"Hey Derek,\" said Becca as she took a seat. \"You got any of that chocolate surprise?\" she asked in a whisper. Derek looked around then snuck a small bag in her hands. \"New invention,\" he said. \"Chocolate surprise in candy bar style.\" \"Sounds good,\" she said as she sneaked it into her pocket. \"Okay people, here's the mission,\" said the director. \"We've been on this case for months now with the help from our friends to the east.\" \"You mean China?\" asked Derek. \"No…London, remember Bowman,\" said the woman, Becca recognized as Ronica Miles. \"Listen, since Agent Banks helped Ms Sommers that one summer, and now London wants help from the CIA with a mission that's even more serious.\" \"What can be more serious than taking over the entire world using mind control?\" asked Cody. \"Well, what if I said Diaz and Molay got together in London and are plotting a new way to take over the world.\" There was a pause. \"Yeah that is bad,\" said Derek. \"What are we going to do?\" asked Becca. \"What's the plan?\" \"You, Agent Banks, Agent Bowman and Agent Miles are going to go to London. Greenwell and Banks will be on the field. Miles, you and a team will be on the sides coaching them and jump in whenever needed. You know your job. Bowman, you'll also be on the field, but as you were in London the last time.\" Derek, Cody, and Ronica nodded. Becca still looked confused. \"So, are we going to go to London and help the Londonites or are we going undercover and doing this ourselves?\" she asked. \"First off,\" said Ronica, \"Londonites is not a word.\" \"I know,\" said Becca. \"It sounds cool.\" \"Second, you're not just helping the people on London, but the people of the UK.\" \"Oh, so we're helping the United Kingdomiams.\" Ronica sighed. \"Whatever, and third, yes, you and Cody will meet another agent from London and the three of you will work together in completing the mission. Any other questions?\" \"No Ronica.\" \"Good,\" said the director. \"Now, Miles and Bowman will leave in 0100 hours this afternoon. Greenwell and Banks, you'll leave in 01200 hours. You have your assignment and I expect a report by the end of this evening. You are excused.\" Becca and Cody exited the room and headed towards the elevator that would lead them back up to the above ground. The two entered a white lift that had a toilet in it. \"Why the toilet comes down with us I'll never know,\" thought Becca. Soon, they were back in the men's restroom of Kamp Woody. \"Meet me in my cabin in fifteen,\" said Cody. Becca nodded and went over towards her cabin. When she entered, the other girls were all sitting around talking about boys and gossip. Becca never really did get along with her cabin mates. They were just….too different from each other. \"Where are you going?\" asked a girl with dark red hair and wore tons of make-up. Her name was Heather. \"Just a mission,\" she said. \"Why do you get to go?\" asked Heather. \"Yeah,\" said the other girls. \"Because, unlike you, I concentrate on my missions and try hard at my work.\" She quickly packed all her stuff in her orange duffle bag and went off to Cody's cabin. He was a counselor at the camp, and was in charge of the boys her age and most of the activities she did. Becca mainly hung out with those boys and Cody. There were other decent girls that she also hung out with; she was closer to the guys. Soon, she arrived at Cody's cabin. It looked like all the others, except it had more decorations on the front. She let herself in the cabin. Four bunk beds took up most of the space. There were also dressers and a table in the middle that had cards scattered on it. She turned to where Cody slept to see him and his current girlfriend Natalie Connors talking. Becca quickly ducked behind a nearby bunk bed and watched the scene before her. \"Just be careful,\" said Natalie as she wrapped her arms around Cody's neck. \"I will,\" he said, putting his hands on the small of her back. \"I always am.\" \"Yeah right, remember last time? You almost got caught in that explosion! You still have the scars to prove it.\" \"That wasn't my fault and you know it.\" \"Yes I do,\" he said. Then he kissed her softly and she returned it happily. Becca made a gagging face from behind the bunk and pretended to choke. \"You know I can hear you gagging,\" said Cody. The two had obviously broken the kiss and were quite annoyed with her. Becca looked up and laughed. \"That sort of the point,\" she said while getting up and brushing off the dust from her purple tee shirt. \"Becca,\" said Natalie not really looking at her. \"Natalie,\" said Becca. Becca and Natalie were at all friends. They didn't exactly like each other. \"Come on Cody, we're at three quarters past 01100 hours. We need to get to headquarters so we can depart.\" \"You're right,\" said Cody while looking at his watch. \"Bye, Natalie, I'll miss you.\" \"Miss you too Cody,\" said Natalie. Cody and Becca grabbed their duffle bags and made their way back to the gross, men's outhouse. \"Why a men's restroom?\" wondered Becca. Okay, so what did you think? Please REVIEW![Chapter 3] Chapter 3, is LONG. Almost 3,400 words! ENJOY! Cody and Becca were sitting on the plane. It was another half hour until they would land in the London airport. Becca was listening to her IPod while Cody was reading. \"Why do you not like Natalie?\" he asked. Becca looked at him, and then took out her ear buds. \"I'm sorry,\" she said. \"Why do you not like Natalie?\" Becca shrugged. \"I don't know, she's just not my type. We don't agree on anything and are complete opposites. She isn't right for you Cody.\" \"How would you know?\" he asked. \"You wouldn't last in a relationship.\" \"I may not have real experience with relationships,\" said Becca, \"but I do know a lot about them. I just don't see you two…for each other.\" Cody shook his head then returned to his book. Becca put her ear buds back in and took out her chocolate surprise candy bar Derek gave her and took a big bite out of it. Cody looked at her in disgust. \"If you're going to attend a sports camp you probably shouldn't eat junk like that.\" \"Its good airplane and/or travel food,\" said Becca. \"It's Kit Kats with M&M; in it. It's genius!\" Cody sighed then remembered something the director told him to tell her. \"Oh, and the director said that in public you need to speak in your British accent,\" he said. \"He said that we need to seem like natives, so I'm playing a deaf person.\" \"You can't do a British accent?\" she asked. \"You're one of the very few people I know who can do any accent.\" \"Well I feel special then,\" she said. The plane landed and Cody and Becca were walking with their bags towards the exit, where they saw Derek waiting for them with a car. \"You still kept the car?\" asked Cody as he loaded his bag in the trunk. \"Yes, but I updated it,\" said Derek. \"How better could you make it?\" asked Becca. \"Cody told me all about it and it sounded pretty tight.\" \"It was,\" said Derek, \"but now it's even tighter! For example, chocolate surprise bars when you pull down the cup holder.\" \"COOL,\" she said. \"Derek, she can't be eating that stuff, it's not entirely good for you!\" \"Don't worry,\" said Derek. \"It's only in the car on days that end with \"Y\"\" Cody shook his head in disapproval. \"Oh lighten up Cody,\" said Becca. The three entered the car. Kumar was already in the driver's seat and taking off once the car door was shut. \"Okay,\" said Derek. \"I found out some more stuff. Becca, you're attending an All-Country Sports Camp for the time we are in London. Cody, you're a counselor who's deaf. Becca, your job is to translate his CIA handbook hand signs. You did memorize them…right?\" \"Oh yeah,\" said Becca. \"What else do you think I would be doing in class for the past few years?\" \"You've been what?\" asked Cody. \"Jeeze, DAD! Honestly Cody, are you protective much?\" \"Are you two done arguing yet? Good,\" said Derek. \"Now, you both will be staying at a hotel near the arena where the camp will take place. The camp goes from nine to four then dinners at six at the hotel.\" \"And how do you know this?\" asked Cody. \"You remember when I was head Chef at the Music Academy? Well, I'm now a Chef at the hotel who will be serving both of you and twenty two other people healthy meals.\" \"The man who fed kids crushed Kit Kats and m&m;'s for desert?\" \"Hey, chocolate surprise is delicious and the best travel food for young adult Agents ever, said Becca. \"Thank you,\" said Derek, \"and this time I actually had practice.\" \"We're almost at the hotel,\" said Kumar. \"About one minutes to wrap up.\" \"Okay,\" said Derek, \"in the back are two brief cases which have your weapons. Practice with them before you use them, Becca or at least let Cody tell you how to properly use them.\" \"Alright Derek,\" said Becca. \"We are here,\" said Kumar. \"You got your earpieces and communication devices?\" asked Derek. \"Affirmative,\" said Cody. \"Yes,\" said Becca. \"Okay, I'll see you guys at dinner,\" he said. \"Bye, Derek,\" said Becca as she got out of the car. \"See you man,\" whispered Cody. The two got their bags and brief cases from the trunk and walked into the hotel lobby. The lobby was filled with people. A young man who looked to be in his twenties noticed them and came towards them. He had short dark brown hair, a mustache and beard, and crystal blue eyes. \"Hello gov,\" said the man. \"I'm Hector Young and I'm in charge of the camp this year.\" \"Really?\" asked Becca in her accent, \"I would think he'd be a bit…older.\" Hector laughed. \"That would be my dad,\" he said. \"He's really in charge, but he isn't back from his trip from Africa yet.\" \"I see,\" said Becca. \"I'm Becca, by the way, Becca Greenwell and this is Cody Banks.\" \"Ah yes, our deaf group,\" he said with a laugh \"Hey,\" said Becca, \"being disabled in any way is no joke. It's not his fault he can't understand what we are saying at this moment!\" Cody then did a bunch of hand movements that meant something like \"say something and let's confuse him.\" Before Becca could say anything, Hector spoke. \"What's he saying?\" he asked. \"I don't know sign language.\" \"Nothing too horrible,\" said Becca. \"Just wondering what we were talking about.\" Hector nodded slowly, not quite believing her. \"Well you're rooms are rooms 811 and 812. They are connecting rooms on the eighth floor. Dinner's in a half hour. I expect to see you there.\" \"Thanks Hector and nice to meet you,\" she said then she and Cody made their way towards the elevators. They silently made their way up to their rooms. \"I'll take 812,\" said Becca. Cody nodded and went into the opposite room. Becca's room was amazing. It had a king sized bed with a green and blue comforter and cream colored sheets. The furniture was all cream colored and the walls were a pale blue. It was a very calming room. Becca quickly unpacked and decided to change her cloths for dinner. \"Umm, Cody,\" she yelled. \"Yes,\" he said. \"What do we wear for dinner?\" \"Umm, wear something casual, yet fancy.\" \"I'll try,\" she called back. In the end, Becca picked out a pair of jeans and a dark purple graphic tee that had a peace sign on it with her black trainers. She brushed out her brown hair and let it hang loose. \"I'm going exploring for a while,\" she called to Cody. \"I'll meet you at dinner.\" \"Okay,\" called Cody. Becca grabbed her cell phone and headed out the door. She decided to go to the athletic area to see what they had, but once she got to the lobby, she was completely lost. She came across a decision, either left to go outside or right to go down a hallway. \"Let's try left,\" she said. She turned left and opened the door to go outside. The outside air was just perfect and had a slight cool breeze. It felt really good. Becca walked around for a bit and looked at the golf course that covered most of the area in front of her. There were a bunch of tables down below the deck she was on and two of them were filled with teenagers that were around her age. She decided to go down and see what they were talking about. As she walked down, she got a better glimpse at them. There were ten boys and nine girls there. \"Wotcher!\" called one of the girls. \"What's your name?\" A bit confused at the greeting word, Becca smiled and replied the question in a British tongue. \"Nice to meet you,\" said the girl. \"I'm Megan. I really like your hair Becca.\" \"Thanks,\" Becca replied in her accent. Megan had light blonde hair and baby blue eyes. She was wearing all pink, but she wore it in a way so that it didn't clash terrible like most \"all pink\" outfits did. She was quite impressed she could pull it off. \"So, what part of the UK are you from?\" asked another girl. She had long raven black hair and dark brown eyes. She had on a pair of ripped jeans and a grey tank-top with a very dark pink jacket. \"I'm from London, England,\" she said. \"What about you?\" \"Edinburgh, Scotland,\" she said. Becca could tell because her accent was more Scottish. \"I'm Ruby, by the way.\" The two got into conversation easily. They talked a lot about the World Cup and who they thought was going to win. As they were talking, they didn't notice a boy come up by them. \"Excuse me,\" he said in an English tongue. \"I'm Andrew Mason, from London, England and you two are?\" The boy was quite handsome. He had neat shaggy blonde hair that had a few brown highlights and emerald green eyes. He had a deep voice and seemed to be the same age as her. He had on jeans and a blue shirt. \"Ruby Roberts, Edinburgh, Scotland,\" said Ruby. \"Becca Greenwell, London, England as well,\" said Becca. Andrew looked over the two girls. His eyes stopped when they got to Becca's head. \"I like your hair,\" he said, \"very cool.\" \"Thanks,\" she said, sort of unsure why he said that. \"Excuse me, campers,\" said a familiar voice. Becca turned around and saw Ronica Miles standing in front of all the tables. \"Hector wants me to tell you that dinner's ready.\" The campers all got up from the tables and started to walk towards the entrance to the inside of the downstairs. As most of the boys passed Ronica, they would let their eyes longer on her middle area. Becca was the last one to exit behind Ruby who was behind Andrew. Ronica gave her a small wink as Becca passed her. Becca returned it with a thumb up and a small smile. Becca followed the other campers into the hotel and through many twists and turns to a dining room. There were two tables in the room. One could seat about eleven and the other could seat about twenty. The room was set for a very fancy dinner, with nice plates and everything. The table for eleven was already filled. Becca noticed Cody sitting on the end on the left. \"Ah, nice to see all the campers made it,\" said Hector as he looked up from the table. He was sitting at the head of the table that seated eleven. \"You may seat yourselves at the table for twenty. Please, sit where your name tag is so we can all learn your name. As soon as you are seated, you may start eating whenever.\" Becca walked over to the bigger table and found her name. She sat down in that spot. In front of her was chicken with rice and green beans. \"Seems as is Derek did a good job after all.\" She looked up from her plate and the first thing she noticed was that she could easily see Cody from where she sat. \"Did you do this,\" she mouthed pointing to her seat. Cody nodded. \"Who are you talking to?\" asked Andrew who was seated right across from her. \"Nobody,\" she said, taking her napkin and putting it in her lap and taking a bite of rice. Cody purposely put Becca's nametag in a spot so she could see him easily, just in case he needed to get her attention. He looked around the table he sat at and saw eight other counselors and the head of the camp at the head of the table. He could sense someone coming up behind him, but, because he was supposed to be deaf, he pretended he didn't notice. \"Excuse me, Cody Banks,\" said a voice he recognized, but couldn't put a name on. Resisting the instinct to turn and look at the speaker, he stayed as he was, pretending not to hear the person. \"Cody Banks,\" she said again, this time a bit louder. Cody pretended to not notice and started on his dinner. \"I wouldn't try too hard Ms Sommers,\" said Hector from the front of the table. \"Mr. Banks, you see, is deaf and probably has no idea what is going on.\" Sommers, as in Emily Sommers. The British girl I worked with here when I was sixteen? No, it can't be her, why would she be here…unless… \"Deaf,\" said Emily, not entirely believing what the man was saying. \"I see, well then, how can I communicate with him?\" \"Ms Greenwell can translate his hand signs for you,\" said Hector. \"Becca, could you come and help Ms Sommers talk to Cody?\" Becca nodded and made her way over to Cody. When she got there, she saw a blonde woman standing behind him giving her the death glare. \"I'm not his boyfriend if that's why you're looking at me like you want to kill me,\" she said to the girl. \"I hope not,\" said the girl, relaxing a bit. \"It's okay,\" said Cody in the hand signs. \"Just ignore her.\" \"What do you want to ask Cody?\" asked Becca to the girl. \"That my name is Emily and if he remembers me from nine years ago.\" \"You heard that, well, do you remember her? If you do, then shame on you! You never told me about a British girl named Emily you worked with when you were sixteen!\" \"Yes, I remember her. We worked together, at the time.\" \"Ohh, so you had a crush on her.\" \"...maybe.\" \"Maybe, or yes?\" \"...yes...a bit...but...\" \"What happened to Natalie? I thought you two met when you were fifteen.\" \"We broke up then got back together when we met each other at the same college.\" \"I don't think that's entirely true!\" \"Just...tell Emily that I don't remember her but it's a pleasure to meet her.\" \"WHAT? Why are you going to say that?\" \"I'll tell you later. It's a long story.\" \"Cody says he doesn't remember you, but it's a pleasure to have met you…sort of.\" Emily's expression became sad and disappointed. Becca saw a few tears forming, but Emily quickly blinked them back. \"Oh, well, tell him thanks and sorry for inconvenience.\" \"Okay, you heard that. Now, I want a full explanation, tonight!\" \"Alright, thanks.\" Becca nodded then made her way back to the camper's table. As she sat, Andrew gave her a quizzical look. \"What was that about?\" he asked. \"Cody's deaf, and it's my job to translate what he says.\" \"Really?\" asked Andrew, \"how do you two know each other?\" \"I'm his father's youngest sibling's daughter.\" \"So, that's fancy long talk for you are his cousin.\" \"Basically,\" she said, taking a bit of beans. \"So, if you're from London, then how come I've never seen you around?\" he asked. \"I…just moved…from….Cornwall.\" \"I see,\" he said. After dinner, Cody and Becca were in room 811 giving an update to the CIA director. \"We are settled in now,\" said Cody. \"Good, you will meet with the Agent from England tomorrow before dinner. That is all.\" Cody hung up the phone and turned to Becca. She had her arms crossed and looked like she was expecting something. \"Okay,\" he said. \"The only reason why I said I didn't know Emily was for our cover only! That's all.\" \"You sure?\" asked Becca. \"Positive,\" he said. \"Okay then, now I'm going to the gym to practice my martial arts.\" \"When do you get your black belt?\" \"This fall, if I pass the test.\" \"Don't worry, you will,\" said Cody with a smile. Becca went into her room to change into a pair of track shorts and a tank top. She put on her flip flops, grabbed her martial arts bag, and headed to the gym.\" It was 9:30 p.m. and Becca was still in the gym. She was trying to get this spin kick right but was always falling too early. \"You want some help?\" asked a voice. Becca turned around and looked to were the voice came from. Becca saw Emily Sommers up against a wall with her arms crossed. \"You know this move?\" she asked. \"I'm a third degree in black belt,\" Emily said. \"Then yes, I could use a bit of help.\" Emily smiled and walked over to her. \"I'm sorry if I intimidated you earlier,\" she said. \"I didn't mean to.\" \"It's fine.\" Emily smiled. She faced the punching bag and quickly did the spin kick Becca couldn't seem to accomplish. \"So that's how it's supposed to look like,\" said Becca. \"Yeah,\" said Emily, \"it helps a lot when you jump with the opposite leg.\" The two practiced for a bit longer until Becca got the move down. Emily showed her where to have her leg and everything. \"So, back there, why did you think you knew Cody?\" Emily went silent. She faced the floor. \"Well, the summer I was sixteen, we met up at a Music Academy and, I…sort of struck a fancy for him. By the time I...sort of expressed my feelings, it was time for him to go back to America, and I never saw him again. But I never forgot him. He was brilliant.\" Becca really wished she could just tell her it was all an act. That Cody really did remember her. But then again, it wouldn't do any good. Cody was dating Natalie. Maybe it was best for Emily not to know. Long, wasn't it? Please REVIEW![Chapter 4] Helloes! Hope you've been enjoying this...well, I'm talking to no one, but OH WELL! Here's chapter 4. It's a crazy chapter. ENJOY! The sports camp went well for Becca. It was quite simple the first week, but Hector said it would get harder. Cody was in charge of setting up the arena for each drill, sport, game, etc. they would play. Emily, on the other hand, was in charge of running the girls through drills and such. The whole week, Becca could see Cody glancing at Emily whenever her back was turned. \"He does care about her,\" she whispered. \"Ms Greenwell,\" shouted Emily from the other side of the obstacle, \"are you going to do the drill or not?\" \"Sorry miss,\" shouted Becca, and started the drill. At four 'o clock, the camp was over, and Becca was in the bleachers, waiting for Cody to finish cleaning up. The councilors were required to clean up the arena after camp for the professional's practice. While she was waiting, she felt a tap on her shoulder. She turned and saw Andrew behind her. \"What are you still doing here?\" she asked. \"Everyone's head back to the hotel by now.\" \"I know,\" he said, \"I'm waiting, for my guardian.\" \"You have one here too?\" Andrew nodded. \"Which is he?\" \"You know her,\" he said, \"its Emily.\" \"Ah,\" said Becca. \"I suppose you're waiting for Cody?\" \"Yeah, I'm really not supposed to leave him on his own.\" \"So, it's like, you're in charge of him when it's suppose to be vice versa?\" \"Sort of,\" she said. \"It's complicated, since he's deaf, I'm just supposed to be his ears.\" Andrew nodded, but the two were startled when they heard a crashing sound. They turned their head to where it came from and saw Cody and Emily on the ground, with a bunch of equipment and a soccer ball on the field. \"Wonder what happened,\" said Andrew. Cody hit the ground hard. He had hit his head, so it was throbbing like crazy. He looked over at who he ran into, and froze. No, not Emily! \"Oh my god, Cody, I'm so sorry!\" she said, starting to pick up some of the fallen equipment. Cody shook his head. \"It's….\" He started to say, but immediately stopped himself. He looked up in fear that Emily caught it. Emily was staring back, confusion filled her eyes. \"Cody?\" she asked. \"Is there something you want to say to me?\" As much as Cody wanted to say something, he couldn't. He just stared at her blankly. Emily sighed and looked down. \"I see,\" she said. The two silently picked up their belongings and stood up. \"See you later then,\" she said, and then walked away. As this was going on, the two teens were watching the scene, eagerly. They both couldn't hear what Emily was saying, but when they walked away, they both sighed in frustration. \"What the heck was that about?\" asked Becca. \"I have no idea,\" said Andrew. \"It's obvious the two fancy each other! Why won't they talk?\" \"Cody's deaf, Andrew, he can't hear a word she says. That makes it a bit hard.\" \"Well then, that complicates things.\" \"Besides, Cody has a girlfriend back at home.\" \"Really, who?\" asked Andrew. \"Natalie Connors,\" replied Becca. \"Connors….sounds familiar.\" \"Her dad's a big money man.\" Andrew nodded his head and mouthed the word, 'right'. \"But….\" \"But what?\" \"I HAVE been trying to break the two up for ages, falling for another girl could really help me out.\" \"You don't like Natalie?\" \"She didn't like me first!\" Becca argued. \"Alright, alright,\" said Andrew. \"So, what do you say? You try to find out Emily's side of the story, I'll get Cody's, and we'll scheme at dinner.\" \"Sounds good,\" said Andrew. Becca met up with Cody outside the arena. The two grabbed their stuff and started walking back towards the hotel. It wasn't too far, a few decent blocks, so it was about 4:45 when they got back to the room. \"The Director called,\" said Cody, \"we're meeting the other agent late tonight instead. He has something else going on this afternoon.\" \"That works,\" she said. \"I'm not doing anything else today.\" Cody nodded, then turned to go into his room. \"Cody,\" she said before he was gone. Cody turned to face her. \"What happened, over there, in the arena with Emily?\" Cody sighed and focused his eyes towards the ground. \"It was nothing, Becca,\" he said. \"Nothing.\" \"It certainly wasn't NOTHING!\" she said. \"I saw you two talking.\" \"For your information, I almost blew our cover!\" This got Becca to shut up. She stared at Cody blankly. She had him where she wanted him. \"And how did that happen? Honestly Cody, you're much higher than me, you've had more experience and I haven't even been CLOSE to slipping once! How could you have almost blown our cover? By talking? Yeah, you did talk didn't you? Well then what made you do it Cody? Well? What?\" If all went to plan, Cody would confess what he really was thinking. She saw him squirm a bit then face her. \"I want to talk to her,\" he said. \"More than anything I want to talk to her.\" \"And tell her what? That this is all fake and that you have a girlfriend so leave me alone?\" Cody paused, and thought over the situation, trying to decide what to say next. \"Yes,\" he finally said, though sounding unsure. \"Oh come on Cody! I see the way you've been looking at her!\" \"I don't know what you're talking about.\" \"Oh I think you do,\" said Becca. \"You're always trying to steal glances of her when she isn't looking.\" Cody looked away at a wall. \"So?\" \"So! I think that you want to talk to her, because you want to tell her how you feel, that's it's all for cover reasons, that what he said to her before wasn't true.\" \"Yes,\" he whispered. \"I'm sorry,\" asked Becca. Cody turned to Becca. \"Do you want the truth?\" Becca nodded. Cody offered for her to sit down and she did so. Cody took the other chair across from her and leaned forward. \"Okay, here's the story. When I left Emily those years ago, Natalie and I were well broken up.\" \"What happened?\" \"Things got complicated,\" he said. \"We had too many differences and ended up breaking up. Anyways, then I met Emily. I was on a mission in London and was suppose to be a student of a Music Academy. We both were staying at the same house, and part of the same group. We got off to an interesting start, but she was a lot different than a lot of girls I met my age. But then, it turned out that she was working on the same mission and had been for months. \"We decided to work together on it and ended up being great friends. But, when it came to the final showdown, I did stay concentrated on defeating the enemy, but I also had my mind on Emily. I was anxious; wondering the whole time if she was okay, though I tried my hardest not to show it. I guess I did a pretty good job; because no one said anything about it. Next thing I knew, it was time for me to leave.\" \"So you left without saying goodbye?\" \"No, we did, we both said how glad we were to work with each other and that we wanted to do it again, then she kissed me on the cheek, I did the same, and then I left.\" \"You didn't tell her how you felt?\" Cody shook his head. The two sat there in silence for a bit. \"Well,\" said Becca while standing up, \"there's no time like the present!\" \"NO!\" said Cody. \"Aw come on Cody, you're acting like you're 16 again! Listen, all you have to do is give her a note saying that you want to talk in private, and then tell her how you feel.\" \"But what if our cover is blown because of that?\" \"Does it matter?\" \"Yes! I mean, if worse comes to worse I'll just stay with Natalie. We're doing okay now…\" \"Wait, if you two broke up a while ago, then why did you get back together?\" Cody stayed silent. \"Well?\" \"I did it to try to forget about Emily.\" \"Well, that obviously didn't work.\" \"No,\" muttered Cody. \"What?\" \"NO, Becca, it didn't work! Every day I can't help but think about her. It's been forever, and I just want to talk to her, but I can't. If I do, the fate of the world is in jeopardy!\" Becca sighed and looked off for a moment. Deciding what to do next, she went over to Cody and lent down to his ear. \"Would you rather be with the woman you can't stand because it's safe? Or take a risk and be with the woman you love?\" She then backed away and walked over to her room and called back. \"I'm taking a shower so don't come in!\" Cody and Becca didn't talk to each other until dinner. They walked down together then went their separate ways without a word. Becca sat down across from Andrew who gave her a smile. \"How'd it go?\" he asked. \"Well, I got the truth out, but now Cody won't even look at me!\" \"What'd he say?\" \"To sum it all up, he basically is still fancying Emily and want to talk to her, but can't. So I suggested he give her a note saying to get together in private, to talk.\" \"How would they talk though? Cody's deaf!\" \"Well…umm…they were going to…pass notes. Yeah, that's right.\" Andrew nodded, though suspiciously. \"What about Emily? What'd she say?\" \"I couldn't get the whole thing out of her, but she did say she missed him, and that he's not the man she once remembered.\" \"Figures,\" said Becca. \"So, what do 'ya think the plan is?\" Becca shrugged, but then looked over Andrew's shoulder to see Cody standing behind Emily. He tapped her on the shoulder and gave her a note. He smiled then returned to his seat. Emily smiled back, but was a bit confused. Becca saw her read the note and smiled to herself. \"Oi, mates! Look over there!\" whispered one of the boys, who Becca believed his name was Jack. The entire table turned towards where Jack was pointing. He was pointing at Emily who had the note in her hand and was beaming like there was no tomorrow. \"Who gave it to her?\" asked Megan. \"The deaf counselor!\" he exclaimed. \"No way,\" said Megan, \"only one week and there's romances blossoming!\" Andrew and Becca tried to contain their giggles, but failed. The whole table was looking at them like they were crazy. \"And what's so funny about what I said?\" asked Jack. \"Nottin',\" said Andrew. After dinner, Becca waited across from the door for Cody, but she also wanted to eavesdrop to see what he and Emily were going to talk about. Once everyone was gone, she saw Cody shut the doors and the room was silent. She quickly ran over to the door and put her eye to the key hole. \"Cody, you bloody IDOIT!\" she saw Emily scream. \"Do you have any idea about how scared and confused I was? I knew you were Cody Banks from that one summer, but you were giving me the impression that you didn't know me, or was purposely ignoring me!\" \"Emily, I'm sorry but…\" \"I don't even know what I saw in you,\" she whispered. \"I'm sorry,\" said Cody. \"It's nothing,\" she said quickly. \"Can I just explain why I've been doing this?\" he asked. Emily nodded. \"Please do,\" she said. \"Don't do it man,\" thought Becca, \"the Director won't be happy.\" \"Listen,\" he said,\" his voice barely a whisper, but was cut off by his phone going off. He silently cursed and took out his phone. It was a reminder saying that he had to get to the meeting with the Agent from London. \"I've gotta go,\" he said, \"but I'll explain everything later!\" \"Yeah, I've gotta go too,\" she said. \"Andrew wanted help with some summer stuff for school next year.\" \"Okay, how about we talk later on tonight, around…midnight?\" \"Alright,\" she said, \"don't forget.\" \"Trust me,\" said Cody, \"I won't.\" Becca could hear Cody coming towards the door, so she backed away. Cody came through and the two made their way out of the hotel and to the Double Decker Bus pick-up stop. \"So, how'd it go?\" asked Becca as they walked through the dark streets of London. \"Okay, it coulda been worse.\" \"I heard her yelling.\" \"I heard you eavesdropping.\" Becca cursed. Soon they were at the Bus Stop, and they boarded the bus. Cody nodded to the driver, and showed him his CIA pass. The driver nodded and pointed to the top floor. Becca followed Cody up the stairs to the second level. That level was basically empty, except for two figures, sitting in the very back, and was setting with their backs turned to them. They both had on hats and long trench coats. Cody and Becca walked towards the two and sat so that they were facing their backs. \"Cody Banks CIA and you are?\" \"I had a feeling it was you Cody,\" said a voice. Becca looked at Cody very confused. The two figures turned around and took off their hats and sunglasses. Becca was gaping, but Cody was smiling. \"Helping Andrew with his summer work? Really Emily?\" \"What? Better to be safe than sorry!\" The two laughed. \"What's Becca doing here?\" Emily asked. \"She's my plus 1, same for Andrew I presume.\" \"Yeah,\" she said, smiling at Cody. Then she started laughing. \"What's so funny?\" he asked. \"It all makes sense!\" she said. \"You obviously can't do the native accent here, so you said you were deaf so that you wouldn't have to talk! That must be why you brought Becca, because she can do the accent, and pretty well too.\" \"I like my British shows!\" said Becca now using her native tongue, finally out of her shock stage. \"Doctor Who and Primeval are my LIFE!\" Everyone laughed. \"Well, Andrew,\" said Becca, \"you had me for a while. I would have never guessed you worked for Scotland Yard.\" \"I'll take that as a complement,\" he said. \"You had me too, the accent was very realistic.\" \"What made you think otherwise?\" \"You let it slip once. I believe it was when you slipped on a soccer ball and fell. You happened to curse in an American accent.\" \"Dang,\" she said. \"So, that means that we have four people on the field for this mission, instead of three,\" said Cody. \"The more the better,\" said Emily. \"So, what's the plan?\" REVIEW XD[Chapter 5] Okay, so I just decided to finish up the story today. After this chapter, there's only one more left. ENJOY! Emily picked up the cell phone off the ground. She dialed Becca's number and waited. \"Becca, we need you and Andrew up here now. They killed Cody.\" Emily then hung up the phone and tossed it to the person next to her… The four agents shared the info the all had and came up with a plan; Andrew and Becca stall while Emily and Cody go and finish Molay and Diaz off. If they needed help, they would signal the two with their cell phones and they would come up. This put them where they are now, sneaking around the facility, underground, where Molay and Diaz were working on their plan to take over the world. They were on the floor above Molay and Diaz's office, where they were manufacturing some sort of…device. \"What are they doing?\" asked Becca. \"It looks like…mind control!\" said Emily. \"Not again!\" groaned Cody. \"Hey, if we've stopped it once, we can do it again!\" \"Alright,\" said Cody, \"I'll head up with Emily now and…\" \"Actually,\" said Emily, who jerked her head up and talked in a very odd manor, \"how about I go up first, then you follow about 10 minutes behind. Help Becca and Andrew start the distraction.\" \"Don't you mean down?\" asked Cody. \"Yeah...that...see ya!\" Before Cody could argue, Emily had already taken off. \"I'm still going after you,\" he said. \"I'm going off to follow her. Guys, all you have to do is cause mass destruction.\" Then, he left. Andrew and Becca looked at each other. \"Mass destruction is my specialty, you?\" \"Same,\" said Becca. \"Then let's stir up some trouble.\" The two saw a big can of oil off to the side. They quickly lit two matches and put them on the end of their guns. Then, they shot at the can and it exploded. \"And the war begins,\" said Becca. Cody made sure that he was a fair distance behind Emily. He followed her down the corridor and stopped when she when through a door. \"Weird,\" he thought, \"she just walked in.\" Scared that it would lead to something crucial, he quickly went up to the door. There was a window that he looked through and what he saw, was heart wrenching. Diaz and Molay had Emily tied up, and she couldn't get out. Without thinking, Cody rammed into the door, causing it to open. He took out his gun and pointed it at Diaz. \"Let her go,\" he said simply. \"Let who go?\" asked Diaz. Cody gave him a confused look and Diaz snapped her fingers. Emily disappeared, or what he thought was Emilly. \"A hologram,\" she whispered. \"Yup,\" said a voice behind him. Cody was about to turn, but he felt a cold metal touch his neck. \"Emily?\" he asked. \"Yup, that's your precious little British girl,\" said Molay. \"You see,\" said Diaz, \"she's been transmitting all your information, to us, so we know every move you are going to make. And, since you're the only two here, those no one to help you this time Banks.\" They don't know about Becca and Andrew, Cody thought, that could come to our advantage. He turned his head and saw Emily behind him, gun in her hand. Diaz snapped again and Emily shot him. Expecting horrible pain in his neck, he only felt a pinch. He looked more closely at the gun and smirked. \"Tranquilizer*,\" he said, right before collapsing. Andrew and Becca had caused TONS of mischief. Basically, the whole floor and everyone/thing on it was destroyed. First, they destroyed every security camera they could find. Then, they turned over tables, shot at oil tanks, and destroyed a few mashines. Suddenly, Becca felt her cell phone buzzing in her pocket. Quickly she answered it. Emily picked up the cell phone off the ground. She dialed Becca's number and waited. \"Hey Emily, what's up?\" \"Becca, we need you and Andrew up here now. They killed Cody.\" Becca felt her heart drop. Her cousin. Her closest family relative…was dead! \"We'll be right there,\" she said then hung up the phone. Emily then hung up the phone and tossed it to the person next to her. The henchman caught it with ease. \"They're coming.\" Becca stormed off to the stairs, without telling Andrew of the conversation she had with Emily. \"Becca,\" said Andrew, trying to get her to stop. \"Becca!\" \"What!\" she exclaimed, turning around, filled with rage. Andrew took a step back. \"What's up with you?\" \"They killed Cody okay?\" she said. \"He was my closest family member, my friend when I needed one and now he's DEAD!\" \"Becca,\" said Andrew, \"I'm sorry, I didn't know!\" \"It's alright,\" she said, finally cooling down. \"Just listen though,\" continued Andrew. \"I was gonna say it earlier, but I couldn't let Emily know I knew this.\" \"What is it?\" \"Listen, our first night at the hotel, Emily's door was locked, so I climbed into the vents to see what was happening.\" \"It didn't occur to you that she didn't want you to see what was happening?\" \"She would have told me, she always does! Anyways, when I got above the room she was in, she was knocked out, and three people were in there. I recognized two as Molay and Diaz, but the other was some kooky dentist, working on her mouth. When they were done, they woke her up, and they could control her with this keyboard. When, they turned the keyboard off, though, she wasn't being controled. I also heard Molay say something like, \"She'll only see Banks when she's under our control. Altered it so it could do that.\" I didn't know what to do, so I left it, until we met the agents from America.\" \"Well, that was smart, I'll give you that. My guess is that she's under mind control.\" \"Mind control?\" \"Yeah, Cody told me a long time ago, when he was on a mission here that it was all about mind-control; Diaz's work.\" \"Then it all makes sense, with Molay's money and Diaz's technology, they could re-build the mind-control system and take over the world.\" \"Exactly,\" said Becca. \"So what do you suppose we do?\" \"Do what you did. Make our entrance, via ventilation system!\" Becca and Andrew quickly ran up the stair, avoiding the security cameras, and easily found a vent they could enter in. Once inside, the two made their way quietly around the system, and tried to find the room Emily, Molay and Diaz were in. Soon, they were right above it, and the sight was too much for Becca to look at. On the ground, out cold, was Cody. \"We should probably make our entrance now,\" whispered Andrew. Becca responded by cocking her gun. Andrew did the same. Andrew counted down with his fingers; 5, 4, 3, 2, 1; and then he pointed down. Becca nodded; she kicked the vent shaft so it fell down, and the two teens jumped out of the ceiling. Becca's gun pointed at Diaz and Andrew's at Molay. Molay laughed. \"Stupid kids,\" he said, \"did you think we weren't expecting that?\" Diaz snapped her fingers, and two henchmen came out of the shadows. They quietly snuck up on Becca, but she knocked them out without turning around. \"No, we weren't,\" she said. Molay started to tense up a bit, but Diaz was still strong. He pointed to a man in the corner, who the teens didn't notice at first. He had a keyboard on his lap with a joystick. He frantically clicked keys, and moved the joystick. Emily came up behind Andrew, sized him up, and put her gun to his head. Andrew looked over at the gun and laughed. \"Tranquilizer*? Really Emily?\" he asked. Emily shushed his laughing by pressing the gun harder to his head. Becca figured she had only one choice. She pointed her gun and quickly shot Molay, before he knew what hit him. Diaz looked in shock at the dead body next to him. He quickly took out a picket knife. \"Now, this might teach you not to play with the Big Boys,\" he said. Diaz twirled the knife and stepped closer to Becca. \"Say good-bye to your life, Becca.\" Diaz lunged for Becca, but she dodged it and kicked him in the face. Diaz stumbled backwards, but when he gained her balance, he pointed the knife right at her heart. He started running straight at her, but Becca still stood strong, gun in hand. She could hear Andrew shouting for her to move and saw her life flash before her eyes. She had to shoot...NOW! She was about to shoot, but stopped when Cody snuck up behind Diaz, gun in hand. \"You really don't know when to retire, do you?\" asked Cody. He quickly shot Diaz five times, all over his body. When Diaz stopped moving, he put his guns down, but still kept his eye on him. Becca started at him wide-eyed. \"Was that really necessary Cody?\" Becca asked, trying to catch her breath. \"He's already dead.\" Cody held up his gun for Becca to see. \"Tranquilizer,\" he said, \"I couldn't kill him, and I'm surprised you killed Molay! Anyways, five shots with this stuff should keep him out for a few fair days.\" \"Why do you say that?\" \"It's elephant strength.\" Becca laughed. She went up to Cody and gave him a hug. She started crying, and Cody hugged her back. \"I thought you were dead,\" she said. \"Emily called and said you were.\" \"It's alright,\" said Cody. \"Umm, guys!\" exclaimed Andrew. \"Still trapped!\" The two turned around to see that Andrew was still stuck. Cody started to charge over to Emily. He punched her square in the jaw and she fainted. Andrew got out of her grasp and went over to Becca's side. He wrapped his arm around her and held her close. Becca looked terrified. Before Cody could do any more damage, Becca pulled him back. \"Becca, what do you think you're doing? She's a traitor!\" \"Just watch,\" she said, pointing to Andrew. Andrew went into the shadows. Becca and Cody heard a scream, then a lot of fidgeting, a few snapping of chords, and then, a final yank. Andrew emerged from the shadow with this old, bald doctor with think rimmed glasses. \"Does he look familiar?\" she asked. Cody sighed in relief. He bent down towards Emily opened her mouth, and put his hand in. When he took it out, he held a microchip in his hand. Andrew punched the doctor in the neck causing him to go out flat. \"Of course,\" said Cody. \"We didn't blow up the building the last time because we were in Buckingham Palace. This means that the information could have still been in there, but hidden. Then, when Diaz got out of jail, he got the information back, but needed some help. So with the brains of…him,\" pointing to the Doctor. \"And Molay, he could re-create the mind-control and make it even better!\" \"Yes,\" said Andrew. \"And they used Emily so they could get all the information from both Scotland Yard and the CIA. Plus, she's wicked good at fighting, so that could have also come to their advantage. They just weren't expecting two teens.\" \"Alright,\" said Becca, \"our mission's done, we should probably get out of here.\" \"Wait!\" said Cody, \"first, we need to blow up the place. No data can be left behind. Becca, did you bring your backpack?\" \"Duh?\" said Becca, as she handed it over to Cody. He opened it up as well as his and pulled out twenty time bombs. \"That's about….four for each floor,\" said Andrew. \"Becca, you and Andrew get this level, and two above it. I'll get the top two and meet you at the door.\" \"What about Emily?\" asked Becca. \"I'll bring her up to the top floor, plant the bombs then pick her up.\" \"Alright,\" said Becca, picking up the twelve bombs for her and Andrew. \"We'll meet you in a bit.\" Cody then picked up Emily and the three made their way towards the stairs. Andrew and Becca had no problem planting the bombs on the fifth and fourth floor, those not being occupied yet, but on the third floor, there was even more manufacturing going on. So, it took a while to plant to bombs in places where they thought was crucial. Cody and Emily had it a bit harder. Cody dropped Emily off at the front door, then ran down to the second floor. He planted the bombs; two on the main machine, one on an oil can, and another on a minor machine. He did the same on the first floor, except put one on the door way. There was something he noticed, though. The workers were in some sort of daze. No matter how much noise he made, they never turned around. Heck, they never even left their work. \"There slaves,\" he thought, \"under their mind control. It must be permanent, because I know the Doctor can't be controling them. That's why I haven't been caught yet. Bad move on their part .\" When he was done with the first floor, he made a run to the front entrance. He quickly pressed the button to start the 10 second time bombs. He was so focused, he didn't realize he passed up Emily and didn't pick her up. When he made it to the clearing, he saw Andrew and Becca already at the clearing. \"GO!\" he yelled. The two nodded and ran outside of the facility. Cody soon caught up with them, and just in time, the bombs started blowing up on the bottom floor; they could feel it beneath their feet. \"Cody,\" said Andrew, \"where's Emily?\" Cody's eyes got really big. He looked over to the building, the bombs now going off on the second to bottom floor. \"She's still in there!\" he exclaimed. \"I'm going back in.\" Before anyone could argue, Cody took off running back towards the exploding building; now the middle floor blowing up. Cody got in easily and went running to where he left Emily. As he was running, he nearly got knocked off his feet. The bombs were going off on the floor below him. He finally found Emily. She was starting to wake up but wasn't there yet. \"Emily,\" he shouted while shaking her, \"Emily wake up!\" Emily slowly opened her eyes and faced Cody. \"Cody?\" she asked. \"Where am I and…why does my jaw hurt.\" \"I'll explain later,\" he said while helping her off the floor. He heard an explosion come from further down the level. \"Right now, we have to go, unless you want to be blown up!\" \"That would be a good idea,\" she said. The second bomb went off on the last level. It was the one on the oil tank. The two made a run for it. They were half way there, when a bomb went off right next to Emily. It sent her flying and Cody caught her. \"I'm not letting you go now,\" he said with a smile. Emily smiled back. Cody dropped her and the two went running again. They got out of the building, just as the bomb on the door went off. The two ran up to Becca and Andrew. \"Emily,\" said Andrew, running up to her and giving her a hug. \"You're okay!\" \"Guess I can say the same for you.\" The four turned around to face the burning area. Emily grabbed Cody's hand and put her head on his shoulder. Well, at least he's taller than me this time. She thought. Becca and Andrew stood next to each other. \"Are you related to Emily?\" asked Becca. \"No,\" said Andrew, \"she was my babysitter for a bit then I got involved with Scotland Yard and she turned out to me my mentor. So, Cody's your cousin?\" \"Yup,\" she said. \"My closest relative. He was always the one who understood me. One day, I found out about this CIA agent thing and signed up. The Director put him as my mentor since we were related.\" \"I see,\" he said.[Chapter 6] Hello! This is the final chapter. Just one that ties up all the loose ends. ENJOY! \"You're WHAT?\" asked a very upset Natalie Connors. The four agents made it back to America. The Director wanted to speak to all four of them at the Headquarters at Kamp Woody. Before their meeting, though, Cody had some business to take care of. \"I'm breaking up with you,\" said Cody simply. \"You're doing WHAT?\" asked Natalie again. Emily and Becca tried to contain their giggles, but let a few slip. Natalie gave them a death glare, but that only made them giggle harder. \"Listen, Natalie,\" said Cody, \"when I got back together with you, it wasn't because I liked you. It was because I was trying to forget about someone, but it didn't work.\" He said that last part while looking at Emily, giving her a soft smile. \"So, I've decided to do what my heart does, sorry Natalie, I hope we can be just…\" but he was cut off by Natalie pushing him aside and storming out of Cody's cabin. \"Well she took that well,\" said Emily. \"I thought it was going to be way worse,\" said Cody. Emily laughed and walked up beside him. \"I missed you,\" she said. \"So did I,\" he said. \"What's going to happen when this is all over?\" \"Well, it was going to be a surprise,\" said Emily, \"but I'll tell you now anyways. Andrew and I got transferred to the CIA.\" \"When?\" asked Cody. \"We were going to move once this mission was over. That's why the Director wanted us to all meet here.\" \"So you're going to be living in the same city as me?\" he asked. \"You're catching on,\" she said. Becca guessed that the two wanted some time alone, so she dragged Andrew out of the cabin. \"What was that for?\" he asked. \"You are so blind,\" she said. Ever since they started on the mission, Becca hadn't been speaking in the British tongue, which really bothered Andrew. \"So, you're permanently speaking American now?\" he asked. \"I don't know,\" she said. \"Most Americans find it annoying when I speak British.\" \"Well I don't, I think it's cute.\" \"I said most AMERICANS Andrew, last I checked, you're British.\" Andrew laughed. \"Come on, I'll show you around the camp.\" For the next few hours, Becca showed Andrew everything; from the space shuttles, to the cafeteria. They found Derek Bowman in the admin office, playing a video game. After bothering him for a bit and sneaking some chocolate surprise bars from his stack, they started heading back to the cabin. \"This is amazing,\" said Andrew, taking a big bite out of the chocolate surprise bar. \"What is it?\" \"Crushed up Kit Kats with M&M;'s on top,\" said Becca. \"It's brilliant,\" he said. When they got back to the cabin, they saw Emily and Cody sitting on his bed, holding each other's hands and talking. \"Alright,\" said Becca, \"we've let you have your fun for…two and a half hours. Come on, the Director will be waiting.\" The two adults sighed and got up from the bed. The four agents walked over to the outhouses and stepped inside the \"Out of Order\" stall. \"This really is disgusting,\" said Becca. \"I agree,\" said Emily. The four made their way down to the HQ and found themselves face to face with the entire staff that worked below and the Director himself. He had on a very rare smile. When the four stepped out, he gave them a \"thumbs up.\" \"Good job, agents, mission accomplished.\" The entire room burst into applauds, including the Director. \"You know, though, that you have to spend the rest of the summer in London for the sports camp right?\" The four looked at each other, worried. \"Just kidding,\" he said. \"I've already called them saying you had….more important things to worry about.\" \"Good job Andrew,\" said Becca, holding out her hand for him to shake. \"I had a pleasure working with you. Suppose we should hang out together sometime?\" \"I'd like that,\" he said, taking her hand and shaking it. Cody and Emily looked each other in the eye. \"So,\" said Cody, \"what are you doing Friday night?\" \"Nothing much,\" said Emily, \"Why; you want to go do something?\" \"Want to go catch a movie?\" \"I'd like that.\" Cody then leant in and kissed Emily softly. Emily responded and kissed him back. All was well. -The End- Thanks to all who read this. I really appreciate it! ~Logan ;) ","Summary":" Hello all. This is my first Cody Banks stroy. I have seen both of the movies but don't own a copy. "}]