[{"Movie":"Gravity","Title":"Last Mission","Author":"Blackbird71","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10605360","Passage":"[Chapter 1] He watches the sunrise on the Ganges. It is absolutely stunning. Words cannot convey the dazzling beauty. But then the light fades and he is left with his thoughts. He turns off the music. He loves space. He could not believe when NASA decided to cut the shuttle program. He knows this is his last mission. He knew it before he left. Most people , he reflects, would hate the place they were when their spouse left them . But the solitude, the silence, the perspective. From space, there are no boundaries. Wars do not matter. Relationships do not matter. He is not happy. Few are happy when faced with imminent death. But he is glad. He is glad he is here. He is glad Ryan will survive. He is glad he will beat Anatoly's record. He is glad he will pass out before he dies, that death will not hurt. He sees everything from up here. The black of night, the grey of sprawling metropolises, the green of farm and forest, the tan of desert, the blue of ocean, the white of clouds. He feasts his eyes. He turns the music on and feasts his ears. \"My last meal.\" He murmurs to himself. And he smiles because he knows he had a handhold on the ISS, but he chose to let go, and he is glad. ","Summary":" He watches the sunrise on the Ganges. It is absolutely stunning. Words cannot convey the dazzling b"},{"Movie":"Gravity","Title":"Re-entry","Author":"Hawki","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10069253","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Re-entry Like a celestial being, high in the sky, Down to the Earth, to live or to die. Body unbroken, spirit unbent, No sense of regret, no need to repent. … Around the Shenzou , rages a fire, Testing the heat shield, Mother Earth's ire. Spaceborn star child, returning to home, From up in the stars, from the vacuum once roamed. … And the fire it passes, clear is the air, A sense of relief, gone is despair. The chute it unfurls, descent is controlled, Her breathing it steadies, Death's bell is not tolled. … Soon there is blue, the sight of the sea. Green is the grass, like an Eden to be. The pod enters the water, to be a new tomb, Let she struggles and fights, she exits the womb. … Soft is the soil, it fits in her hands, On the shore she collapses, unable to stand. \"Thank you,\" she whispers, re-entry's been made. Now she can rise, no longer afraid. … She looks up and laughs, space beyond her sight. She's escaped its grasped, escaped its dark night. The sun is shining, bright is Earth's day, And she begins to walk, to find her own way. ","Summary":" Re-entry Like a celestial being, high in the sky, Down to the Earth, to live or to die. Body unbrok"},{"Movie":"Gravity","Title":"A Doctor Walked into a Bar","Author":"DemonKittyAngel","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10386183","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Yes, yes. I should be working on my other fic. I should be working on a lot of things. But this is something that hasn't left me alone since I saw the movie a few weeks ago. There's just something so humorous in this situation. I own nothing except my cat. And technically he belongs to my mom. -A Doctor Walked into a Bar- The smoke filters through the air carrying muffled conversations throughout the bar. Ryan signals the bartender for another beer and contemplates the holiday. They've gotten a new satellite in orbit and cell phones are working again. She considers it a bit of a shame. Without all the instant access technology allowed people, everything had felt more connected. She knows her opinion is a bit skewed since she didn't try to connect with people for years before the satellites fell, but she's met others who agree. She knows her story has spread among certain circles - mainly those involved with satellites themselves, but the majority of the world doesn't know. She has a mostly finished book that she isn't sure she wants to publish. She wrote it out of pride for what she accomplished but she was a private person at heart. Releasing her story would just create a media circus - especially with communication going back up. She's expecting her story to be released regardless (even if only as rumors) so she reaffirms her decision to publish the book. She'd rather the official version be the only version. A man stands up on the other side of the bar and starts yelling for everyone's attention. As the bar quiets down he clears his throat gruffly and starts, \"As we all know, satellites have been down for a few years. But thanks to my friend Joshua here,\" he pats the shoulder of a man sitting next to him with his head in his hands who's tugging his baseball cap lower over his eyes. \"and engineers like him, we finally have new satellites orbiting the planet.\" He pauses and looks at everyone around him. \"I remember when the satellites fell. I was heading home from work, like a lot of you folks, when the traffic lights went out. Just two cars ahead of me a crash happened in the intersection. A lot of people, myself included, got crushed by the cars in front and behind us as traffic raced to halt. Everyone was going for their phones - just trying to figure out what's going on.\" As he stops for a moment Ryan knows what's going through his head - through all of their heads. She only heard about it later but had seen the damage. People had panicked. Riots had started. People were killed. \"It was several days before anyone really knew what was going on. Radio became the main form of communication, entertainment, and most of all, news. I barely knew how to work the old radio - I only rarely used the one in the car.\" he pauses here and stares into the glass in his hand. \"It was hard for a long while. Our entire lifestyles were uprooted. But now,\" he looked back to the crowd. \"Now, thanks to people like Joshua - thanks to every person who worked on the new satellites - the age of technology has come again! Cheers!\" Agreement rippled through the bar as people raised their glasses and several gathered around Joshua to offer personal thanks. People settled back into their seats but a new atmosphere spread through the room. It seemed hearing his story made everyone want to reminisce. The bar turned into its own group and Ryan listened to them one by one. A blonde by the end had a humorous story. \"My husband and I had just gotten engaged. He's from England so we were skyping with his parents to tell them the good news and the connection cut out in the middle of the sentence. We thought they'd heard the whole thing but when we got a frantic letter from his parents a few months later asking 'Amy and you what?' we realized that they didn't know. We wrote them back clearing it up but they came out to visit before the letter arrived there. They had come up with all these ridiculous notions of what may have been wrong that by the time we set them straight we were all laughing.\" The trucker to the right of her had a more sober tale. \"I was crossing an intersection. My girlfriend, Jessica, had a smile like the sun, she had made a joke. Don't even remember what it is anymore. The light hadn't turned yellow, I was gonna go through the intersection with plenty of time. I was too busy laughing with her to look. We were rammed. They say the concussion knocked her out so she didn't even feel anything. The truck turned over and over...\" there was an uneasy silence. \"By the time I came to, she was gone.\" The man directly on her left put back a shot before starting. \"I was handling an interview with buyers from Tokyo. When the connection went out in the middle of the meeting, my boss went ballistic. Suspended me on the spot and said I'd be fired if it was in any way my fault. He finally called maintenance to look at the problem and even when it became clear that internet was down and it wasn't my fault, I was still suspended. Ruined my record and stopped my upcoming promotion. The dick still hasn't apologized even though it clearly wasn't my fault.\" It was at this time that Joshua stumbled over clearly more inebriated than when his friend had made his speech and thus, less shy. He quickly ordered two shots, put the first one back, and then struck up the bartender. \"You know, I've been hearing a lot of stories about where people were when the satellites went down, but I know one that puts them all to shame.\" He sipped half his next shot. \"There's a story going around NASA about the astronaut who made it. \"She's a legend. She was a mission specialist who was only going to have the one mission, but she was the only one who made it. Apparently she went to three different satellites before she found a functioning escape pod that she used to make it to the surface. Never gave up hope and never stopped trying.\" Ryan snorts at the last part and while no one calls her on it she gets a couple flat looks. \"That's actually what I was mostly working on - making the escape pods more straight forward and with more fail safes. Her greatest trouble was with the different designs from the different countries. She ended up crashing in a Chinese pod. She kept her head cool and figured out how to work the unfamiliar pod and got home, cool as a cucumber. She's the epitome of what to do in an emergency in space.\" He finishes his drink as he finishes his story and Ryan chuckles. So that's how they tell it. She gets a few more dirty looks and Joshua swaggers over to her. \"What do you find so funny about it? It's a true story. Stone is a name you're all going to know in the next few weeks.\" She laughs some more and signals for another beer. \"The way you tell it, she's a national treasure. 'The epitome of what to do'.\" She picks up her new beer and pops the cap. Joshua narrows his eyes at her. \"And where were you when the satellites fell? Since Ryan Stone's adventure in space isn't impressive enough for you.\" Ryan sips her beer and wonders where she should start. She lifts it in silent salute to Matt. He always loved a good story, and this was one for the ages. After a quick sip she reaches for her wallet and pulls out her ID, just so no one would question her identity. She needed to practice for the media circus that was coming anyway. \"When the satellites fell, I was in outer space...\" -End- I made a number of assumptions here for the stories. Yes, I know satellites don't actually control phone service, tv, traffic signals, or internet. Only parts of each would be affected by a satellite crash. I'm just going for mass panic and disaster. 1. Traffic control. I don't know what effect it would have if the satellites crashed and they probably have a system of some kind to keep it running regardless. In my version, to cause more chaos, without a proper signal the lights went out. Probably didn't stay that way for long, but long enough to cause a lot of problems. 2. Rush hour. I could have chosen it to be any time since that truly doesn't matter but I felt that this would be the easiest to make the situation recognizable. Assume it is slightly after 5. 3. Tokyo. 5pm in Chicago is approx. 7am in Tokyo. What was a late meeting in one city was early in another. 4. Rioting. People have just lost TV, Cellphones, Internet - all major paths of communication and the cornerstones of our way of life just drops out from beneath the world and they can see pieces of satellites burning up in the atmosphere. Traffic lights are out and cars are crashed. There is no way people wouldn't panic in such a situation. 5. On a personal note, it's my idea that she crashed somewhere around southern Cambodia or Vietnam. The tall grass in the water is distinctly Asian and the vegetation is tropical. She's at least in that geographic zone. 6. NASA is going to make a poster out of her. That's just how society works. Now that they have mass media coming back, her story will be everywhere. 7. 3 years. I can't imagine that they would just throw anything back up there after such a disaster. I bet they took time to look over the design for every aspect of the satellites. For the fire that started on the Russian station most definitely. The trouble she had with the escape pods being so different is also something I can't imagine they'd leave unaddressed. And since instant communication is down, international cooperation is slow. If you think it through there's a lot of devastating situations and consequences. ","Summary":" Yes, yes. I should be working on my other fic. I should be working on a lot of things. But this is "},{"Movie":"Gravity","Title":"Matt Tells a Story","Author":"HuuskerDu","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9873535","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Matt Tells a Story Ever since little Sarah had died in the playground accident, Dr. Stone wasn't living anymore. She was merely existing. Matt Kowalski said, \"So what do you like best about space?\" Dr. Stone thought for a moment. Then she answered him: \"The silence.\" She sat in the Chinese re-entry capsule. There was no need to fire the retros, as everything was coming down on its own. She was surrounded by flaming debris that was plunging to Earth, falling at better than 2000kph. Was the re-entry angle even right? And where was she coming down? The capsule was an old Soviet Soyuz design, meant for landing only on solid ground, not in the ocean like the old American space capsules. In water she knew it would sink like a rock. She knew the odds weren't good. Earth's surface was over 70% water. The re-entry was violent. And loud. She heard something hit the shell of the capsule hard enough to dent it. Was the pressure going to hold? She knew that was probably the least of her worries at this point. Matt, please take care of Sarah. \"Let me tell you a story.\" \"Oh Matt not again.. please..\" \"Once upon a time there was this beautiful, but sad, rocket scientist. On a LEO mission she met this devastatingly good looking astronaut. And neither one was married.\" \"I think I've heard this one..\" \"Yes, well. Let me tell it anyway. You see, they had survived against all odds and made it to the Chinese Tiangong Space Station for shelter, which was abandoned. So she and he sat in that tin can all alone, with nothing to do, for two weeks until the rescue ship could arrive.\" \"They sat there together for two weeks? With nothing to do?\" \"Nothing at all. Did I mention he was a hunk?\" \"Yes, you did.\" \"And I said she was beautiful?\" \"Yes, you already said that too.\" \"And neither one was married?\" \"Said it.\" \"And the sex they had was completely awesome?\" \"Uh wait, no that's new.\" \"And that they set a new 300 Mile High Club record?\" \"You're incorrigible.\" Silence. \"I landed in water, didn't I..\" \"Yeah, sorry.\" She sighed, \"I thought I made it, I really did.\" \"You're not dead yet. The euphoria you are feeling right now is due to anoxia. Currently you are hallucinating under about 30 feet of sea water in a shallow inlet in Fujan Province of southeast China.\" \"I'm drowning? After all that!? No! I gotta get up.. get out..\" \"It's too late. Your lungs are full of seawater. The saline has already destroyed them.\" \"Drowning? Oh, the irony.\" More silence. \"Nobody prayed for my soul... I don't know how to pray.\" \"Actually, I did earlier. For you. When I was up there. After I let you go.\" \"Can you teach me?\" \"Sure, you're not dead yet.\" \"Sarah!\" \"Mommy!\" The End A/N: This story was inspired by the song Sora ni Hikaru (空に光る) (\"Shining in the Sky\") from the anime CLANNAD. It should be played as background music as you read this story. For the OST see YouTube at Clannad OST ~ Shining in the Sky by Squoinkz (5:09). Little Sarah meets Mom at 1:49. ","Summary":" Matt Tells a Story Ever since little Sarah had died in the playground accident, Dr. Stone wasn't li"},{"Movie":"Gravity","Title":"Zapato rojo","Author":"Druida","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9756873","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Acabo de salir de ver la última de Cuarón, Gravity, y me ha encantado. Así que ale, unos pensamientos relacionados con la película: Zapato rojo No había llorado hasta ese mismo momento. No había sentido fuerzas ni ganas. Era como si estuviera viviendo un sueño, extraño, lejano… ajeno . Había sentido su vacío, su soledad; la casa falta de risas, de protestas. Ya no habrá más peleas por peinarle el pelo. No volverán a salir a desayunar fuera los domingos. Ya no hay tiempo para eso. Nunca más. Pensó que era más fuerte. Que podría con todo, que se mantendría firme por ella. No ha pedido ayuda para recoger sus cosas. Pensó que recordaría para siempre su rostro, su risa, su voz… Pero cuando lo ve, cuando lo encuentra debajo de la cama, siente que su corazón se quiebra. Está allí, esperando a por su niña, a por su Sara. Y Sara jamás llegará, no se los volverá a poner. Con lo que le gustaban . Y las lágrimas caen. No hay grifo que pueda contenerlas. Ya no hay nada. Todo acabó. Fin . ","Summary":" Acabo de salir de ver la última de Cuarón, Gravity, y me ha encantado. Así que ale, unos pensamient"},{"Movie":"Gravity","Title":"On Earth","Author":"Amplesound","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10923705","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Captain Benjamin Miles was a middle aged man and head of the Mission Control Centre at NASA and he sat on a chair that balanced on its hind legs while his feet were crossed on the desk in front of him, his fingers tapping each other in a pyramid, his thoughts way out in space, with Mission Specialist Ryan Stone and Kowalski. They had lost all communications with them about 13 hours before this moment, the last thing the Captain of the Explorer mission said was, \"you're a go, Matt\" to Kowalski as he set off to rescue Dr Stone… then they got, \"Man down!\" and that was it. Miles had been sitting like he was then ever since, waiting for news, for a revelation! There was no way to track them on Explorer, the shuttle had been completely obliterated and the ISS also had a communications black out still running and something had taken out the camera so they could not see a single thing. Dr Stone and Commander Kowalski were braving space alone. The very thought of being alone in space made him nervous, actually being out there, though…Good God and it was Dr Stone's first mission too. What a start. He didn't expect to have her say she wanted to go again anytime soon when she got back… If she got back. Miles took a shaky breath and looked over at his team; the Captain of the Explorer waiting anxiously as five other members worked on trying to get communications back…five. \"Anything?\" \"Not yet, Sir,\" \"God Dammit,\" he looked up at the blank screen before him, the launch screen, where the launches were filmed from the view of the rocket looking down. It never failed to have him in awe every time they watched one take off. The technology they had now enabled them to have cameras on all their space crafts and allowed space to be a visual free-for-all down at NASA and made general communication to and from space as well as to other NASA equivalents across the globe easier . \"How about now?\" he asked despite knowing no more than five minutes must have passed, \"Still nothing, Sir,\" bless them for sounding so calm, \"Do we have any idea what the problem is?\" \"Not really, I mean, all that happened was that everything was thrown by the debris but – there's no obvious damage,\" Miles snorted, \"Of course there isn't,\" he muttered irritably, \"Please continue,\" \"Yes, Sir,\" A few more moments passed and then he heard it. A vague cackle from one of their radios which made Miles freeze and all the techies turn in dismay! \"This …Miss…Stone… ISS …Shen…\" Miles almost fell off his chair in his haste to get to the radio, dragging one of the techies with him, \"Dr Stone!\" he pointed at the frequency, \"Where is that?\" The young technician sat down and started pressing all sorts of buttons, rewiring this, clicking on that, code, \"It's not the ISS,\" \"Where the hell is she then? And is Kowalski with her?\" \"Uh…\" he pressed a few other buttons, trying to clear the white noise, \"The frequency appears to be coming from a Chinese Space Shuttle, the Shenzou,\" \"The Shenzou? My God…that's been falling for months; they've just made the last train…can you hack it?\" \"It might take some time,\" Miles had no time; he straightened and pointed at another young worker sitting at his computer looking rather shocked, \"Get China's Control Centre on the line, tell 'em we want access to their Space Shuttle the Shenzou!\" The man nodded and suddenly the room was buzzing, everybody tapping into the same frequency, trying to clear the fray, trying to get communication and visual for it was so close and yet so far, \"Hack it if you can,\" Miles added to the techie below him, \"We'll see who gets there first,\" A few more taps and suddenly someone yelled, \"I GOT HER!\" He pulled out his chord that connected the sound waves to his ear phones unleashing the booming voice of Dr Ryan Stone upon all inside Mission Control, her voice laced with hysteria, \"I have a bad feeling about this mission,\" – there was a loud bang, a thud and more than a few rattling space shuttle sounds that made Miles worry, it would appear that the Shenzou was falling apart and there was an absent presence; Where was Kowalski? Ryan laughed fearfully, \"Reminds me of a story,\" A particularly loud bang made Miles wince and his knees buckle as Ryan cried out in dismay, \"Ok, never mind the story, Houston, never mind the story…\" \"I've hacked in, Sir, but I can't get the communications up – I'll keep trying though,\" But Miles was on the space shuttle with Stone, the room had gone quiet and was listening to Dr Stone with such intensity that it would seem that they were all on that shuttle with her. She gave her point of view, she gave her options and she weighed her chances and let it be said, mentioned one last shout out to Kowalski who was breaking Anatole's record by a time too long for anyone to not cry over… all on the radio and blow him down, if Miles didn't get blurry eyed. A massive crumble erupted from the frequency and Stone cried out again, \"What's happening?\" Miles demanded, \"She's detaching, Sir,\" \"That is not what a detachment sounds like!\" \"In all fairness, Sir, who the hell knows what detachment sounds like in a place where no sound is detected,\" Miles only glanced down at the rigid man – the hope and fear shared. But it was true, the Shenzou had been floating around up there for months, out of use, out of practice; there was no way that it would be an easy ride home for Dr Stone and in his soul of souls, Miles knew that but it still rattled him. And in the end, there was no more to do on their part; Dr Ryan Stone was on her way. They could hear the rumble, moan and groan of tearing iron and parts being lost to the big black alongside the grunts of Stone as she tried to remain calm as she catapulted towards earth. Miles hadn't realised he was holding his breath until he needed to breathe, \"I've got a visual!\" the techie sitting beside Miles was suddenly on his feet, breathless, \"I've got the camera on the shuttle working; it looks as bright as day but…my God,\" Suddenly the screen at the front of the room burst into life and Miles had to squint quite suddenly for the light was indeed brighter than was anticipated, \"She's on fire,\" Then it was all that existed, all that mattered, the Shenzou and what was visible around though it was not much. Bits of Shuttle could be seen being ripped off of it and suddenly gone while others simply parted from the body and glided beside it, flame sprouting from the nose, as the rogue piece of iron shot through space at a speed faster than anyone could imagine! Earth, when it came into view, looked bluer than blue, a gigantic Crystal orb, growing gradually as she approached it. Before long, a piece of debris broke from the front of the Shuttle and hurtled directly towards the Camera; Miles ducked out of pure instinct as the camera was hit and sent hurtling away, adrift in the open; no more visual of Shuttle and debris, \"Dammit,\" Miles cursed, still recovering from the shock of the moment, \"Dammit,\" Until the most stunning moment of all floated into their view once the camera had stopped spinning so violently; it took a few moments for Miles and the rest of the crew to understand, no less to fathom what was happening. The view that had so wistfully been presented to them was more picturesque than anything Miles had ever seen; it was immaculate and demanded greatness, a catastrophe so suddenly etherealised as the shuttle plummeted towards earth in an orange haze surrounded by bits of loose shuttle presented in the same manner; all this in front of the back drop of Earth, so simply known as 'home'. It was as if they were coming upon a new planet and Stone, soaring towards it, was an alien. Miles' eyes were drawn out to a window nearby and found himself searching the sky for signs of life and then having found none, returned his attention to the screen. The specks of ship and fire deteriorating into atmosphere until it last it was gone and all they had was the blackness, and occasionally the earth, to look at and, not to mention, the white noise that had come back in place of Stone's voice. Given her circumstances, nobody worried about it anymore; there was nothing they could do. \"I've got through to the tracker, Sir,\" Miles looked down at the quiet techie who sat quite, quite still, \"She just needs to give us one piece of information,\" \"Her position,\" Miles finished, \"Very good,\" Suddenly the radio splashed and the sound of coughing could be heard, one of the Mission Controllers were on it before Miles could give the order, \"Mission Specialist Doctor Ryan Stone, this is Mission Control,\" he was saying, \"what is your position? Send us your position and we will send a search party out immediately,\" No answer, just more water, \"Doctor Stone, what is your position? Where are you?\" Still no response, but the man Miles had ordered to get on the phone to China was writing down what seemed like the co-ordinates they needed, his pencil sweeping across the page furiously until he merely put down the phone and stood up, power walked over to Miles and presented him with the information he had just received, \"Dr Stone's co-ordinates, Sir,\" he finalised, \"Exact,\" Miles nodded and began to move, a new feeling washing over him, not quite relief; that had come and gone upon Ryan Stone's arrival in, for all they knew, the ocean. No, now was a time for fear and hope, once more. Fear that she had not made it out of the shuttle and sank to the depths and drowned. Hope…hopes for that she hadn't. ","Summary":" Captain Benjamin Miles was a middle aged man and head of the Mission Control Centre at NASA and he "},{"Movie":"Gravity","Title":"Digital Ghosts","Author":"elliott ashes","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9844582","Passage":"[Chapter 1] screens flame static. an endless room and you unable to hear the fist of ocean in your chest, the tides that break you together, apart, together a part. no walls but your limbs and you are closing in. there is a scent of anesthetic frozen in your throat. the backs of your eyes bloom sterile light. you follow yourself down hospital corridors, your mouth dry and oxygen too bright on your tongue. your heart is static, raining down the panes of your chest. you are a window broken open and the night collapses endless off your insides. the taste of dandelion - a single explosion of yellow laughing into tears. the vibrating bass of your spine a drowning dance that chokes you into yourself. falling hard, breaking skin and cold metal. alcohol on a scrape, throat open raw wordless and the weight of hands not touching. absence a tear, someone else's clothes and immense numbers, distances you cannot close. the voices of animals and a language you do not speak, you are falling ungainly through time. metal burns a fissure. a fever. the black taste of blood and static on the radio. sharp chords and acidic uncertainty, pouring yourself into empty spaces, into not knowing, into the crush of salt under your tongue. greenbluegray and lifted. a lattice of light and the weight outside you inside you. hands on your ribs force you to breathe but there are no hands. drag yourself to the surface. broken light falls into your open mouth. the hotcold split in your spine. your body pulls you back in gasps. you cradle mud, push your fingers through the dirt. your tongue laces seareeds and silt, the blue light breathing you clean. ","Summary":" screens flame static. an endless room and you unable to hear the fist of ocean in your chest, the t"},{"Movie":"Gravity","Title":"Gravity: Space Is Terrifying","Author":"Helene Oskanian","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11096462","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Space is terrifying, Not because of the fact that you are all alone, Not because of the fact that if one thing goes wrong you die, But because of that deathly silence, When debris hits your spacecraft, No matter how much you scream, No one will hear you, No one will listen, When you are detached from your comrade, During your trip to the ISS, No matter how much you shout, No one will hear you, No one will listen, When you cry out, Because you couldn't save your friend, No one will hear you, No one will listen, When you try to communicate, With a foreign man, Trying to get him to help you, He may hear you, But he will not listen, As he cannot understand you, When you make your re-entry, To that place you call home, Your screams of joy, Are still unheard, Finally, when you have landed, You feel your feet on the soft ground, You realize that you are safe, And not facing the horrors in space, You call out for help, And this time, Someone will hear you, Someone will listen, Someone will care. Hello guys! I just wrote this poem because I was bored, and because Gravity is one of my all time favorite movies. Please review, I really want to know if this is a good poem and please note that the repetition is (obviously) intentional. ","Summary":" Space is terrifying, Not because of the fact that you are all alone, Not because of the fact that i"},{"Movie":"Gravity","Title":"Still Breathing For Now","Author":"Crooks","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9796255","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The heat bit the back of her neck as licks of flames rose higher spinning past her cheeks. Grasping wildly at the steel bar, she twisted it as fast as she could tangling her arms around one other with each turn. The flames still reminded her of the danger of her surroundings, this small hollow didn't used to be so hot. She didn't have to worry about being burnt to a crisp—she could have seen her daughter again, just letting herself go. It would have been easier. The O2 levels were dropping slowly and unlike nearly hyperventilating in her suit, in the pod she would have drifted off and suffocated peacefully. She'd be with her daughter now. Then damn Kowalski had to get in the way. Or maybe he just got herself out of her own way. The landing jets had been stuck in the back of her own mind, she was just too focused on getting her own suffering over with to dig deep enough in her subconscious. Now instead of safely drifting off peacefully into the next life she was stuck in a pod burning alive trying to get the damn door open. Damn it, Kowalski! And a click. The bar stopped spinning, but nothing happened. The air pressure inside the hatch should have—no, that was in space, in zero Gs. This was Earth, she was back. The hatch didn't fling open because the air pressure on the outside matched that on the inside. She pushed against the hatch. Water poured in through the cracks, scratch that, the water pressure was want held the door closed and now that it was opened . . . shit. She didn't get a chance to finish the thought as the fire was quickly quenched behind her. One destructive force only to be assaulted by another. Panic began to set in. She pushed away from the door as her back was flush with the opposite wall. There was no shortage of oxygen in the pod, but that wasn't what was causing her to breathe so hard, it was her own conclusions. Her conclusion that after all this she would drown in the middle of the ocean. After fighting through oxygen deprivation, loss of atmospheric pressure, a fire on an orbiting satellite, she would drown like a common fisherman. No, no. She thought of what Kowalski would say, she didn't have time to hallucinate him. He would laugh, make a joke and then get the two of them out of here. But what was she supposed to do alone? The water rose higher as the air diminished with each passing breath. The words popped into her head. Kowalski would have said them with a lighter tone, the only way she knew how was to spit them out. Now or never. She saw his face for one beautiful second. He might not have had those baby blue eyes, but the browns sufficed. She took one last breath. The water was no longer pouring in and with nothing to fight against she easily escaped the confines of the pod. One small step for man . . . she was dragged down. The metal in the suit tore her body through the water. She fought. Swimming was the one area NASA didn't train you in before thrusting you into the harsh environment of space. Her arms whipped wildly as her legs fought the sheer weight of the suit. She sunk until she felt her feet land on an uneven surface. The rocks at the bottom. She thrusted off the rocks, flailed wildly before the suit dragged her instantly back down. No, it wasn't going to end this way . Forgoing the swimming for a moment, she attacked the straps holding her into the suit. One, two, then three, just enough surface area split apart to slide out of the top. Her feet caught in the fabric for a moment, but without the extra weight she felt a new force of pure energy rocket through her. Kowalski was right, she was going to make it. The words sole survivor flashed through her mind just as her lips brushed the water's surface. Breaking the plane she felt the Earth's air fill her lungs and quiet any remaining doubts she had. She was breathing air, real air, not from a canister or artificially cycled through the shuttle's ventilation systems. It was sweeter, fresher. A life blood that she promised herself she would never go without again. Opening her eyes the sun nearly blinded her, but the sweet heat that bit into her skin was well worth the discomfort. Her eyes took a moment to adjust as she lowered them seeing the fuzzy green outlines of the environment surrounding her. First good piece of news all day, she wasn't in the middle of the Pacific Ocean. The outlines came into focus and the beautiful hills spread out through her entire line of vision. She didn't know where she was, but anywhere was better than suffocating in an escape pod wearing some Russian's space suit. Her legs began to fail her as she remembered the medical effects of spending a week in space. She had done her exercises on the shuttle, much to Kowalski's amusement, but her muscles still atrophied. Her arms worked a little better as she choked down some water in an attempt to progress her way toward the shore. She felt the shoreline slowly emerge underneath her thighs until she was resting flat on the sand facedown still almost completely emerged in water. The tide flowed in and out as she took a few tiny breaths ensuring for herself one last time that Kowalski was right. She was going to survive, sole survivor. Laying her head down on the wet sand, she let the coolness soak into her skin. Little bits of sand exfoliated as the water brushed the sand lightly in and out of the creases in her face. She laughed. Everything that had happened, everything that brought her to this moment. All those nights spent driving from the moment she answered the phone call to hear her little girl had passed, all the time working with NASA on her research, research that eventually led her into space. The last five hours of her life had been proof that Murphy's Law existed and even after that she made it to the sandy shores of wherever the hell she was. Again she laughed, it wasn't funny being lost in a strange place, but after hours of being in a strange place not of this Earth, it felt so good to be home. Dr. Ryan Stone, Mission Specialist of the Explorer, was going to make it. Back on Earth. Standing up tall she once again took a moment to take in the sun around her. Closing her eyes, she smelled the breeze coming off the hills and then a familiar beeping sounded impeded her hearing. It was odd, but she must not be as far off the grid as she originally anticipated. Something was beeping around her. Someone had technology she could use to get home, to her true home. Opening her eyes the standard yellow tint of the sunlight had gone red. Just lightly at first, a soft orange gleam, and then a stronger and much more intense red. This wasn't right. Everything around her seemed out of place suddenly. The hills were too green, the water too wet as it seemed to stick to her skin. Feeling the back of her neck, the burns from the fire had vanished as if they never existed. Existed. It was a funny word. What truly exists? Can anyone ever tell? With these two questions her lungs caught themselves. Wrapping around her throat a sudden jolt brought her back. But she wasn't on the beach standing in her underwear, the sun didn't radiant off her skin anymore. She was shaking. Near uncontrollably. Opening her eyes revealed the water gone from her feet, hills abound vanished into thin air. The beeping sound was nothing more than the oxygen tanks depleting themselves and the ever reddening sun was just the emergency lights alerting her to what she already knew. There was no body of water, just a Russian escape pod out of fuel. Looking at the controls, the O2 levels had sunk below 5%. Another hour or so and they would be gone completely. She could be asleep before the CO2 levels reached high enough to choke her. A hand reached over and took hers, Kowalski was back, \"It's been an honor serving with a Mission Specialist like you doctor.\" Ryan just smiled. She knew he wasn't truly there, but the words were comforting anyway. Closing her eyes one last time a laugh burst from her lips, she was going to see her daughter. Her little girl. The O2 levels diminished over the next fifty minutes, the beeping and flashing lights only grew more intense. But Ryan didn't notice any of it, she dreamed of her daughter. Every day after work they would drive. Ryan would drive with her daughter riding shotgun until she was thirteen. By then they would find abandoned back country highways for her daughter to try out the steering wheel. She was an expert by sixteen. Ryan watched her daughter graduate from high school, college and then wait a solid decade before even considering marriage. Ryan spent the last hour of her life seeing exactly who her daughter was and who she was going to be. This way, once the final breath of air left her body she would have one hell of a story to tell her daughter when she saw her again. ","Summary":" The heat bit the back of her neck as licks of flames rose higher spinning past her cheeks. Grasping"},{"Movie":"Gravity","Title":"cosmic irony","Author":"oh. i'm on fire","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10101817","Passage":"[Chapter 1] There might have been a point when Ryan would've enjoyed the silence, embraced it. Silence is peaceful, uninterrupting. She could have gotten used to the entirety and absoluteness of space's quiet. But— now Ryan can't stand the silence. Trapped in a cockpit and running out of oxygen, silence is the last thing she wants to hear. Silence is no longer peaceful. It's the calm before the storm, it's the thing that drives home how very alone she is, how Kowalski isn't there anymore. Silence is now the absence of hope. She's stranded outside the atmosphere with no hope of survival and she thinks she'll die in silence, at least. But she lulls herself to sleep with the crackling, spit-out noise of the radio. She doesn't want to die alone, like her daughter, hopeless like Kowalski. And maybe— just maybe—silence won't be the last thing she knows. ","Summary":" There might have been a point when Ryan would've enjoyed the silence, embraced it. Silence is peace"},{"Movie":"Gravity","Title":"Home","Author":"Prentissrose","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10281397","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Gravity_1 Hey guys I know its been almost forever since I've last updated any of my stories, but school has been hell and I can't bring myself to look over any of them quite yet. But summers coming so freedom is almost here! Recently I saw Gravity, so naturally I decided to write a fan fiction about it. Here is my take on what happened to Ryan Stone after she landed in the lake. Enjoy :) Ryan Stone rested against the cold, wet sand, enjoying the feeling of well feeling . It felt like forever since she felt Earth and fuck if she wasn't going to treasure every waking moment of being back down here. She chuckled to herself as she thought of what Kowalski would say if he was next to her, breathing heavily on his stomach in his skimpy clothing. \"Stone, was it really that bad?\" He would say with his crooked, handsome smile after reaching out to squeeze her hand as tightly as he could to show that he was there. It hit her a moment later that that wasn't going to happen. He wasn't there. Kowalski was dead, gone, vanished in to space. Ryan curled in on herself, chilled to the bone. Her victory had lost some of it's glory. But then she heard Kowalski's raspy voice. \"Ryan Stone you are on Earth, alive. Don't mourn over me. Hell, be happy for me. This is the most beautiful way to die. You did me a real favor instead of letting me get beaten to death by my ex…well exes .\" Ryan smiled, tears threatening to fall. Though she knew the Kowalski she was hearing wasn't real, she felt on a level she couldn't begin to describe that he had died a happy man. And though she would give anything in the world for him to be there with her, it wasn't going to happen. It was only her that was alive on Earth . Ryan lowered her mouth the sandy bank and let the moistness press against her lips. It smelled beautiful, like salt, fish, and soil. Lifting her head slightly to look around her, she saw rolling, green hills that seemed to span on for miles and miles. She was home. \"Thank you,\" Ryan whispered to herself. She struggled to get up, her shoulder giving in on her after attempting to hoist herself up. She chuckled. Boy, this was going to take a while to get used to. Taking a deep breath, she pulled herself onto her hands and knees. With another bolt of power, she was standing on two trembling feet. Ryan looked around at the world beyond her. From space, everything had seemed so damn small, but now it was like a universe all in itself. Her chest heaved as she tried to catch up with the vast amount of oxygen rushing into her lungs. She took a shaky step, like a baby walking for the first time. And then another. And another. Ryan smiled to herself as she walked. A surge of happiness swept through her. Ryan Stone, medical engineer was alive, on Earth, her home . After walking for what seemed like miles, Ryan came across a small village. The first person she saw was a tiny, elderly Asian woman who looked shocked to see a tall, white woman in practically no clothing coming her way speaking rapid English, hoping for her to know a little. Fortunately, though the woman seemed to not know English, she knew that Ryan was in need. The little woman after discussing the topic in hushed, scared Chinese with several of her neighbors brought Ryan into her small cottage. There was a small bed nestled in the corner, a table on the opposite side of the room and a kitchen on the back wall. The woman ushered Ryan over to the tiny bed in the corner and pulled back the comforter for her. Ryan smiled weakly. Seeing a bed for the first time in over a week really made her realize how tired she was. She slid her exhausted body in the warm cocoon of the covers. It felt amazing to be on a soft surface that she didn't need to be anchored down on. Ryan heard other people entering the cabin throughout hours, at one point she heard a radio crackling and men speaking, yet she did not have the strength to open her eyes. She drifted in and out of a peaceful slumber, being perfectly content to stay in this village her whole life. Hours seemed to roll by. At some point during the night, the chinese woman woke her up with a bowl of piping hot soup. Ryan shoveled it down, though it burned, it felt good to eat actual food. The woman looked down at Ryan with sad eyes and brushed some of the short stray hairs out of Ryan's eyes. Ryan felt an overwhelming surge of sadness then. It had been years since her parents had died. She forgot what it was like to have someone care about you and hug you and treat you like a kid again. A stray tear trickled down Ryan's nose. The woman nodded her head in sorrow, seeming to feel the pain Ryan felt. She wrapped her skinny arms around Ryan's plaint body and let her head rest on top of Ryan's. The younger woman buried her head in the woman's neck. This woman, this total stranger took her in and cared for her like a mother would for their child. It was the most comforting gesture she could have ever asked for. Lights flooded through the window in the front of the cottage and Ryan heard an engine from what seemed to be a car. The ignition cut off in front of the house. Doors slammed and English and Chinese were heard in the mix. Ryan sat up straighter, a hope filling up inside of her like a balloon. A knock was heard at the door and a man that Ryan hadn't noticed before who was at the kitchen table, got up to answer it. \"There was a report of a lost woman?\" A young man with bright blue eyes entered the house with a nod towards the man and the woman. \"Yes,\" Ryan rasped out, tears falling uncontrollably from her eyes. \"I'm Jeff Myers from the American Embassy. I'm here to take you home.\" Ryan chuckled, wiping away the salty water from her cheeks. The woman squeezed her with a small smile on her face. She seemed to know that Ryan was saved. \"Well, Mr. Myers, I hate to break it to you, but I was home the minute I landed on Earth.\" Jeff Myers smiled lightly, but Ryan could tell he had no idea what she was talking about. \"I'm Ryan Stone.\" Jeff Myers smile fell and was replaced with a look of shock and more or less disbelief. \"I am the sole survivor of STS-157 and boy, do I have one hell of a story to tell.\" ","Summary":" Gravity_1 Hey guys I know its been almost forever since I've last updated any of my stories, but sc"},{"Movie":"Gravity","Title":"STS-157 (updated)","Author":"Xahraxs","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11236082","Passage":"[Chapter 1] STS-157, launch day. Explorer sat waiting. 10 minutes before SRB ignition and her flight to Hubble. Commander Kawalski and his crew of pilot Shannon Hatfield, and missions specialists Dr. Ryan Stone, Michelle Evans, and Ashly Jack had trained for three years for this moment. The launch was a buzz over the media due to this being the first flight of a new orbiter to fly since Endeavour flew on STS-49 on her maiden flight in 1992. On pad 39B a half mile behind Explorer on 39 A , Endeavour sat waiting on her ready to go LON 400 mission should a problem happen to Explorer while in orbit. Should an issue arise Endeavour would join her in orbit to give aid when need and if possible rescue. At the LCC, Launch Control Center the launch director Mike Leinbach gave the go ahead and polled his team to see that Explorer was ready to fly. The NASA Test Director called out. \"Attention to all personnel this is the NTD conducting the launch status check. Verify to resume count and go for launch. OTC?\" Each team member answered as the LD called them out to see each station was ready. Orbiter Test Conductor answered, \"OTC go.\" \"TBC?\" then that station answered. \"Tank and Booster is go.\" \"GPC?\" \"GPC is go.\" \"LPS?\" The Launch Processing engineer answered, \"LPS go.\" \"Huston Flight?\" From Huston, the mission Flight Director commed. \"Flight is go.\" NTD continued the poll. \"MILA?\" The Merrit Island tracking station gave it's go ahead. \"MILA is go for launch.\" \"STM?\" \"STM is go.\" Then the Saftey officer. \"Saftey you go?\" NTD asked. \" We're ready to fly.\" \"SPE?\" The SPE officer gave her go. \"LRD?\" \"LRD is go.\" \"SRO?\" The Range answered, \"Range is go for launch.\" \"Copy that and CDR?\" \"CDR is go, Explorer is go.\" Answered Commander Kawalski. \"Copy that.\", The Test Director replied. \"And Launch director the Launch team is ready to proceed. \" Mike nodded, \"Copy NTD. Chief Engineer verify no constraints for launch.\" The Chief engineer complied. \"Engineering has no constraints.\" \"Thank you Charlie.\" Mike said. \"SMA?\" The Safety and Mission Assurance officer. The officer and his team in Huston keeping an eye on the entire flight. \"Copy Mike We're ready.\" \"Copy, \" Mike said. \" Payload Launch Manager?\" Again from Huston Flight Control. \"Mike Hubble team is ready to go.\" \"Thank you Bill.\" Then he switched to the Weather officer. \"Range Weather?\" \"Weather is go.\" \"Thank you Kathy.\" Mike said. \"Ops Manager?\" Leroy Cain in Huston gave his comment. \"Mike we're ready. The Mission Management Team is working no problems. We are go for launch.\" \"Thank you sir. Explorer Launch Director?\" Kawalski answered. \"Explorer here.\" \"OK Matt the team is ready, time to fly.\" \"Thank you Mike we're ready to go.\" Matt Kawalski said. He turned to his pilot Anna Warren and gave her a thumbs up. Her first trip to space and her enthusiasm showed on her face. At T-9 minutes the countdown clock was activated to proceed with the launch count. 3,2,1 mark. GLS auto sequence has been initiated. The NASA commentator came on. \"The final poll was given and now the last minutes before the launch of Explorer. The flight director will soon give the go ahead to start the pre launch commands. At T-7:30 seconds the Crew Access arm will be retracted. T-8 minutes and counting.\" The shuttle sat on the pad hissing, waiting to fly. \"PLT, OTC connect essential busses to fuel cells per your checklist.\" The pilot flipped 3 switches in the cockpit to activate the orbiter. At 7minutes the Orbiter access arm began to retract. \"GLS is go for Obiter Access Arm Retract.\" The Ground Launch Sequence officer stated as the arm began to move away from Explorer's hatch. This arm can be put back in place in 15 seconds should an emergency arise and the crew has to evacuate the pad. T-6 minutes 30 seconds and counting \"PLT, OTC perform APU prestart.\" The pilot then replied to the orbiter test conductor \"APU prestart complete, 3 good talk backs.\" T-5 min, 30 seconds and counting. T-5 minutes \"GLS is go for orbiter APU start.\" \"PLT, OTC perform APU start. And Commander go ahead to reconfigure the heaters.\" At the press site and for miles around the pad people began hearing the orbiter's heart beating as her Auxiliary Power Units that drive the hydraulic system began to start up. The launch team has already stop replenishing the orange external tank with liquid oxygen and now began drain back procedures. \"All good APUs, all green.\" Shannon commed as the LCD panels showed the hydraulic systems up and ready to go. T-4 minutes. \"GLS is go for purge sequence 4.\" The final helium purge began for the main engines. Thirty seconds later the hydraulic test began to move the flight aero surface checks and then the 3 main engines to be moved in a pre programmed pattern as a final test before launch. T- 3 minutes and counting. Final pressurization of the external tank began. \"GLS is go for LO2 Pressurization.\" T-2: 30 seconds and counting. The LOX vent arm began to lift the vent cap and move away from the stack. The command was given for the crew to close their visors. \"Explorer, OTC close and lock your visors and initiate O2 flow.\" The crew has closed their visors and their suits to begin to pressurize. T- 1:30 seconds. 90 seconds away from the launch of shuttle Explorer on her maiden voyage. T-1 minute 15 seconds. The LOX tank is now at full pressure. T-1 minute and counting. The SRB joint heaters are being deactivated and the vehicle is now going on internal power. Explorer is now running on her own fuel cells. \"GLS is go for auto sequence start.\" T-31 seconds. The vehicle now has final control of the launch. 20 seconds. 15 seconds, the Water dampening system activates and dumps tons of water on the launch pad from the Sound Supression Water System. T-10 seconds. \"GLS is go for main engine start.\" We have a go for main engine start. 7,6, the three main engines come to life with a loud roar as they ignite 1.1 seconds apart and run to full thrust. The entire shuttle vehicle bends back from the thrust a few feet before bending back to vertical. 3,2,1. The crew feel a punch in the back as the two SRBs ignite. The and the explosive bolts fire, separating Explorer from Earth as the shuttle roars into the sky. \"Liftoff of space shuttle Explorer! The new shuttle to expand our window to the universe. Huston is now controlling.\" Explorer screams into the sky as she rides the power of her main engines and solid rocket boosters. At eight seconds into the launch the shuttle groans as it rotates on her back to go out over the Atlantic Ocean. \"Roll program complete.\" The crew are now riding upside down. \"24 seconds into the flight. Explorer heads down, wings level for the eight and a half minute ride into orbit.\" Rob Navias says from his console in Huston as the Mission Control commentator. \" 4 and a half million pounds of hardware and humans heading to the Hubble Space telescope. 40 seconds into flight. The three liquid fuel main engines throttling back to 72 percent, in the bucket as the shuttle goes trans sonic.\" The engines now go back to 104 percent after a few seconds. \"Explorer go at Throttle up.\" Capcom Barry Wilmore says. \"Copy that go at Throttle up.\" Max Kawalski says as the shuttle is racing toward space. Inside the crew were being severely shaken around as if in an ongoing train wreck or going down a bumpy road with large rocks jarring them. Explorer now is 15 miles in altitude, 16 miles downrange. 1 minute 40 seconds into the flight. Explorer traveling at 2,600 miles per hour. 21 miles in altitude, 24 miles down range. Standing by for solid rocket booster separation. At 2 minutes and 6 seconds the bolts holding the twin boosters to the external tank break and the eight mini thrusters on the boosters push the boosters away in a bright flash. The crew see a flash outside the forward windows as the boosters come off the tank. \"Booster Officer confirms a good solid rocket booster separation. The main engines now steering the shuttle toward Hubble. Explorer's Orbital Maneuvering System engines have ignited. Explorer kicking on it's afterburners for the last 6 minutes of powered flight. Explorer coasted onward. \"We're just a dot.\" Kawalski said as the ride smoothed out after the boosters separated. \"Explorer, Negative return.\" Wilmore calls out. \"Copy that Negative return.\" Kawalski copies the call sign. Explorer is now too high to turn around and return to Florida in case of an engine failure. The shuttle orbiter still attached to the external tank screamed on to orbit. \"Ok., we're rolling.\" Matt said as Explorer began to rotate from upside down to a heads up position to get better communications with the TDRS relay system. Rob Navias continued commenting from Huston's Mission Control. \" 7 minutes into flight. Explorer has moved to a heads up position to improve it's communications with the Tracking and Data Satellite system. All of Explorer's systems in good shape with now less than 3 minutes of powered flight.\" Explorer continued on, a smooth ride to orbit. \"Press to MECO.\" The Capcom called up as the shuttle was given the go to keep flying. 8 minutes and 5 seconds later a soft rumble vibrated the vehicle as the engines shut down. Explorer was now in orbit. \"Good job guys. OMS 1 is not required.\" \"Copy OMS 1 is not required. Thanks Barry.\" Matt and Shannon high fived before going back to work. Matt the switch and with a muffled boom the orange external tank fell away. Thrusters on the OMS pods and nose fired instantly to push Explorer away from the tank. Back in Huston Rob continued, \"Explorer now moving away from the External Tank as the orbiter moves to a position to get photo documentation of the external tank insulation. Explorer, our newest orbiter is in orbit.\" As the crew got settled into their first day in space, stowing the aft flight deck seats and mid deck seats. There was still a lot to do. Ryan got to the flight deck and overhead windows to get photography of the external tank as it began to fall away. In the middeck, Ashly began using the digital video camera to get video documentation of the tank. The external tank began to spin and tumble on it's own as a vent began to out gas remaining liquid hydrogen from the tank. An hour later the shuttle's payload bay doors opened to reveal the silver radiator panels on the inside of the doors and the Hubble payloads to be carried to the Telescope 377 miles above. The Orbiter Boom Sensor System on the right side and the robot arm on the left side. The last task of the day being to use the arm to scan the crew cabin and nose of Explorer for tile damage and thermal blanket issues. The rest of the survey would be done with the OBSS tomorrow. Scan the entire vehicle for any damage from launch.[Chapter 2] STS-157 chapter 2. Orbit Ops. Matt Kawalski settled into the commander seat as he and Amy Evans began to get Explorer ready for the main task of the day, TPS inspection. Ever since the Columbia disaster in 2003, all flight since have had to use the robot arm and new Orbiter Boom Sensor System boom to scan the heat shield tiles and RCC leading edges of the wings and nose for any damage from ice or foam coming off the external tank at launch. Mission specialist John Thomas activated the remote manipulator arm as it rose from it's cradle and moved to grapple the OBSS and lift it out of it's cradle to begin scanning. Ryan was busy in the mid-deck doing some small experiments with a cell culture while Commander Matt Kowalski and pilot Shannon Hatfield checked the orbiter's flight systems for the next day's rendezvous with the Hubble Telescope. The scan for the left wing would take fifty minutes. This would be an all day task to scan the entire orbiter. On board the flight deck, pilot Shannon Hatfield and Commander Matt Kowalski began to see up Explorer for a little course correction to change the velocity of the orbiter by 10.3 feet per second. This would be the first of two to be done today. On the aft station of the flight deck Mission specialists Amy Evans and Jack Thomas began setting up the RMS, shuttle's robot arm to lift out of the cradle and move over to pick up the OBSS. While all that was going on, aboard the International Space Station commander Robert Scott and flight engineer Genadi Padalka, JAXA astronauts Saeko Sano, Megumi Odaka, Finnish astronaut Matti Keskiivari, Filipino astronaut David Punangbayun were emptying the new HTV transfer vehicle of new cargo. Aboard the unmanned craft from Japan was new external payloads for the 'porch' extension of the Kibo lab that would be removed later and food, clothing, and a some personal items the crew requested be brought to them. Make the station seem more like home with the comforts to boot. For the crew the most important item was unstowing the supplies from HTV and the Japanese crew giving a classroom lecture to students in Japan. Explorer, The day was going average with the belly and right wing scanned after six hours. The nose and then the left wing were next on the list. The 3D scanning was Transmitted down to Huston for the Engineering team to assess for any damage to the tiles or carbon panels. \"Long day huh?\" Matt asked as Amy and Jack began scanning the orbiter's left wing. Jack moving the robot arm so delicately to not hit the vehicle. As tough as the heat shield was, it was weak when it came to being hit, even slightly. Columbia proved that fatefully beyond any doubt. And that was a block of foam from the external tank that was more like Styrofoam that punched a hole in her left wing. For Explorer's crew a few more hours of work and then go to bed. Tomorrow would be a big day as it would be time to meet Hubble face to face.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3. Hubble in sight. STS-157, day 3. \"Copy that Explorer.\" Capcom said as Kawalksi radioed down a good morning for the music on the day they would meet up with the Hubble Telescope. It had been a while since the last maintenance mission on STS-125,and Hubble was getting a few new cameras and systems on 157. First launched in 1990 with a defunked mirror. Several repair missions were sent to repair the problem with new cameras and sensors to correct the faulty mirror. From STS-61,82,103,109, and 125. STS-109 and 125 gave the Hubble it's current look with new solar arrays and a grapple at the bottom for when the Telescope would eventually be deorbited when it was no longer functioning and would not be a hazard for other satellites and spacecraft. The crew had a meal of the usual breakfast of tv dinner style eggs, potatoes, and tortillas. Afterwards it was back to work. Today was not a day for much rest as the objective of the mission was to upgrade NASA's eye to the stars. The flight deck was fully active with Kawalski and Hatfield at work on getting the orbiter into position to get to rendezvous with Hubble. \"Ok, we're on trek to reach Hubble in just under 6 hours.\" Matt said. The shuttle shook as another OMS burn fired, pushing the vehicle to a higher orbit where the space telescope waited. Hubble was being controlled by the Hubble Space Telescope Science Institute and aided by NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center. Every famous image of a galaxy and deep space was done through them. Explorer shook as her OMS engines fired again. A 3 minute 17 second duration burn to increase altitude to get to Hubble. The two OMS engines producing 6,000 pounds each. At the end of the burn Explorer was committed to Hubble. As time drew on any of the crew looking out the forward windows saw a star ahead and above them. This was Hubble. \"Huston, Explorer.\" Kawalski said, \"Looks like the Star Tracker isn't the only thing seeing a star on the horizon. Just due east on the COAS we see that star approaching.\" \"We copy that Explorer.\" The CapCom replied. \"The last time we saw Hubble was after STS-125 in 2009. Good call back.\" \"Copy, we're getting closer.\" Kawalski commented. The COAS was a small optical range device on the Commander's side to guide the shuttle to a docking or in this case Hubble. One can liken it to the energy sensors seen in a Dragon Ball Z episode. On the aft flight deck Thomas activated the aft systems and the robot arm to lift from it's cradle in preparation to grab the telescope. Dr. Ryan took the Laser Range Finder from Shariff. The LRF is the size of a camcorder and using the hand held device it fires a laser to pinpoint the exact distance and range of an object. Ryan activated it and it hummed as it's systems turned on. \"OK, ready on your go commander.\" She said as Explorer's thrusters pulsed making the vehicle shake as it drew closer and closer to Hubble. The dot now showing the outline of the Telescope and then more detail and more as it grew bigger in the windows. The shuttle was at 50,000 feet or 50 kft from Hubble when it began to trans injection burn and began it's gradual move to get beneath and in front of Hubble. All of this being automatic by the orbiter itself. This took a half hour to complete. Thomas took control of the robot arm as Explorer was guided by Kawaklski and Hatfield to get just below Hubble to grab the grapple fixture on the side of the Telescope's body. The camera providing a clear view up close of Hubble as he steered the arm's end effector to within centimeters and pushed in for the three snares to grab the protruding fixture and tightly held it, pulling Hubble within the line for the payload bay. \"We got it!\" Thomas yelled as he pulled Hubble in. In Misson Control the CapCom responded. \"We can see it here. Congradulations guys.\" The PAO also added his response. \"At 10:30 A.m. Central the Explorer has taken ahold of Hubble. Hubble is now being powered down and will be moved into Explorer's payload bay for the docking mechanism to grab the bottom of the Telescope and steady it into position.\" Once Hubble was latched in the berth, the crew had begun to get started to get the EVA suits and tools needed for the next day's spacewalk. The mission was to update the new Wide Field Planetary Camera and a new sensor detection system developed by Ryan to see further into the deep field. This sat in the forward most part of the payload bay behind the external air lock in a structure called the SLIC or Super Lightweight Interchangeable Carrier. The box structure held the camera itself in a gold mylar covered container that would protect it from any thermal changes. This material having been used since Gemini to protect important components from the thermal changes that happen in space depending on in the sun or on the night side of Earth. Behind the SLIC was the OCRU or Orbital Replacement Carrier Unit. This has four mylar covered boxes with Hubble's replacement sensors and diagnostics. The Cosmic Origins Spectrograph which is used to aid with the WFPC in seeing deep into the universe for new galaxies and other objects hidden in the void. Even between the stars seen in the night sky are billions upon billions of galaxies that, at last time Hubble looked stretched back 13 billion years in space time. These new cameras would enable Hubble to see even further back. This was the largest object on the OCRU pallet. Next was the Fine Guidance Sensors, which help guide Hubble along with the Star Tracker system to an exact point the telescope will be pointed. Three Rate Sensor Units that will replace the older version brought up on STS-125. These upgraded sensors are faster than the original gyroscopes first used on Hubble when it originally was launched in 1990. The ORCU has on it's starboard forward side the IMAX camera used to film the mission spacewalks. Behind the OCRU was the FSS that held the Telescope once it was berth in Explorer's payload bay. The Flight Service Structure provides the electrical power for Hubble while it is docked with the orbiter. This included a metal mast to lock into the Soft capture Mechanism that latched onto the bottom of Hubble and hold the SCM out to it's deployed position when working on the telescope. It connects the turn table base to the bottom of the FSS structure. Behind the FSS is the MULE or Multipurpose Logistics Equipment Carrier. This holds the tools for the ORU, spares thermal blankets for the telescope, batteries, and spare ORU components. These would be included as part of the three space walks planned for the mission. None would be easy and every second spent outside it is required 6 hours of training a day and to rehearse it over and over. Outside of the spacecraft, there is no room for mistakes as any could cost a life. ","Summary":" STS-157, launch day. Explorer sat waiting. 10 minutes before SRB ignition and her flight to Hubble."},{"Movie":"Extreme Movie","Title":"Gloomy December","Author":"Parkchanyexl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10390252","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title : Gloomy December Pairing : Kai, Xiumin, Zhang Yixing (Lay) Type : One Shoot Genre : Mystery Rate : T (GS : ALL) \" Kamu bisa menyelamatkan satu orang lagi…, \" Ia. Aku melihatnya begitu jelas. Sosok pucat dan menyedihkan itu. Baru saja berjalan pelan melewatiku. Kurasakan pekat hawa dingin begitu bahu kirinya berdekatan dengan bahu kiriku. Aku terlalu gugup untuk bertanya mengenai maksud perkataannya. Sedetik setelah itu, kuberanikan menoleh ke belakang dan melihat ke mana gadis cilik itu menuju. Sekejap ia hilang dalam kegelapan yang teramat kelam. Jantungku berdegup kencang dan tidak sanggup memanggil namanya. Aku terlalu takut. . . . . Aku mencoba membuka kedua mata. Begitu dibuka, rasanya sangat berat. Sepertinya ada beban yang mengganjal di kelopak mata. Pandanganku berkunang-kunang dan punggungku masih terasa sakit. Napasku kini hangat. Ah, tidak. Napasku terasa panas! Di sini terlalu pengap dan gelap. Aku tidak leluasa menggerakkan anggota badan karena tempat ini sempit. Ummmhhh…, aku menarik napas kuat-kuat agar paru-paruku tidak seperti dicekik. Aku butuh oksigen! Ayah, Xiumin, siapa saja tolong aku… Pertanyaan di mana yang sejak tadi memenuhi otak berganti dengan kata siapa . Siapa yang membuatku berada dalam tempat tengik ini? Aku ingat, ada yang berbuat jahat kepadaku. Aku ingin keluar dari kegelapan dan segera mengungkap siapa sebenarnya dia. Tenagaku menipis. Untuk berbicara normal, aku kesulitan. Sudah kubilang, aku butuh oksigen. Bagaimana caranya aku bisa keluar dari… kotak. Aku bisa merasakan sedang terjebak dalam himpitan papan-papan yang saling menyatu. Meskipun berkali-kali kudorong, sepertinya kotak ini tidak memiliki pintu. Mungkinkah aku berada di dalam peti mati? Tidak . Ternyata belum semua sisi kucoba. Lengan kananku baru saja menyenggol sesuatu yang tidak keras dan tidak datar. Lembut dan lunak . Lagi-lagi aku disulitkan dengan kegelapan ini. Aku tidak tahu benda apa yang kusentuh barusan. Mungkin saja itu jalan keluar. Baiklah. Kalau aku tidak bisa melihat, maka aku akan terus meraba. Dengan tenaga yang masih tersisa, aku berusaha percaya bahwa kehidupan masih berteman denganku. Kugeser sedikit demi sedikit posisi dudukku. Aku terus bergerak ke kanan dengan terengah-engah. Paru-paruku benar-benar terasa kering dan panas. \"Hmmmhf,\" berulang-ulang aku menarik napas kuat-kuat dan menghembuskan sedikit demi sedikit. Aku berhasil mencapainya. Tunggu, apa ini? Rasanya persis seperti sebuah lengan, lalu rambut, dan juga kaki. Ini manusia! Seorang anak berada di sebelahku. Mungkinkah dia… \"Lu…,\" terbata-bata aku berbicara. Aku lupa menghemat udara. Dadaku terasa sesak dan penat. Seluruh badanku berkeringat Seorang anak di sebelahku pasti Luhan. Aku sangat yakin. Badannya masih terasa hangat. Aku percaya dia masih hidup. Anak ini sangat kuat. Aku tidak boleh menyia-nyiakan kegigihannya. Kami berdua harus hidup. Aku harus menyelamatkannya. Aku mendengar sesuatu. Piano dimainkan seseorang. Sebuah lagu yang aku kenal dan terdengar menakutkan dalam keadaan seperti ini. Fur Elise dan ini bukan halusinasi. Aku yakin benar-benar mendengar karena aku belum mati. Tetapi siapa? BRAKKK! Untuk kesekian kali aku menendang salah satu sisi kotak dengan kaki yang mulai mati rasa. Tidak ada perubahan. Tidak ada celah yang bisa aku buat. Aku menarik napas kuat-kuat dan kembali menggebrak. Aku tidak boleh menyerah. Kira-kira sudah tiga menit aku melakukannya tanpa henti. Aku rasa, aku membuat bagian papan tertipis itu retak dan sedikit bengkok. Aku berusaha agar papan rapuh itu benar-benar patah dan… Akhirnya berhasil! Namun, di luar dugaan. Ternyata di luar kotak masih ada karpet yang melapisi. Saat akan menyerah, aku melihat ada ujung pisau yang muncul dari luar dan merobek karpet sedikit demi sedikit. Bersamaan dengan itu, alunan Fur Elise terhenti. Aku menunggu hingga akhirnya pisau itu berhenti merobek. Seseorang di luar sana mulai membuka pintu kotak ini. Keringatku deras dan mengucur begitu dapat kulihat sosoknya. \"Astaga, Kai!\" pekik Zhang Yixing begitu melihatku tidak berdaya di dalam kotak. Lebih tepatnya aku berada di dalam lemari. Mataku terbuka lebar dan tidak kuizinkan berkedip. Dengan panik Zhang Yixing membopongku keluar dan membiarkanku menarik napas. Oh, betapa leganya… Dadaku sudah tidak sesak lagi. Aku tidak perlu menghemat udara. \"Begitu kudengar suara gaduh dari sini, aku kaget,\" Zhang Yixing memelukku lembut. \"Syukurlah kamu baik-baik saja. Tetapi, bagaimana kamu bisa ada di…\" \"Sandiwara yang bagus,\" kataku sengit. Aku cepat-cepat melangkah dan berusaha menarik badan Luhan keluar dari dalam lemari yang letaknya tersembunyi di balik karpet dinding. Aku membiarkan badan Luhan terlentang di lantai dan segera menyingkir agar dia bisa memperoleh oksigen lebih banyak. \"Luhan…\" Aku memanggilnya dan berharap dia cepat sadar. Kekhawatiranku mulai memudar ketika kurasakan masih ada embusan napas dari lubang hidungnya. Meski dia masih belum membuka mata. Tanpa terasa air mataku menetes. Akhirnya kami berdua bisa keluar. Aku sadar, belum saatnya berlega hati. Aku sudah tahu, pastilah Zhang Yixing yang menjadi dalang dari semua ini. Aku berbalik dan menatap wanita berparas cantik itu. \"Kamu!\" Zhang Yixing tersentak mendengar bentakanku. \"Mengapa kamu membunuh ayahku? Mengapa melakukan ini semua pada kami?!\" jeritku parau. Meski ruangan ini gelap, aku masih bisa melihat wajahnya walau samar. \"Kai, maaf aku tidak meng…\" \"Jangan berpura-pura lagi!\" aku meninggikan volume. \"Kamu kira selama ini aku tidak tahu, Nyonya?! Aku ini tidak bodoh!\" Setelah aku mengucapkan kata-kata itu, Zhang Yixing membisu. Badanku gemetar ketakutan. Entah apa yang akan dilakukan wanita kejam itu padaku setelah ini. Aku harus mewaspadainya. \"Hahaha…!\" suara tawanya melengking begitu saja. Sangat mengerikan. \"Baiklah, Kai. Sudah kuduga akan begini jadinya.\" Hah, dia mengaku juga. Jantungku berdetak lebih cepat. Aku terlalu tegang untuk mendengar pengakuannya. Pianis yang kuidolakan selama ini ternyata seorang pembunuh. \"Ka-kamu…,\" aku gugup. Sangat gugup! Kulihat badan pembunuh itu meninggi. Dia berdiri dan melangkah ke suatu tempat. Aku mencoba memprediksi ke mana dia akan melangkah lewat derap langkahnya. Begitu suara langkahnya menghilang… muncul suara piano. \"Twinkle, Twinkle Little Star,\" gumamku menyebutkan judul lagu yang wanita itu mainkan. Mengapa dia memainkan lagu itu. \"Kemarilah, Kai,\" Zhang Yixing memanggilku. \"Kamu tahu lagu ini, kan?\" Aku tidak tahu apa yang dia maksud. Aku melangkah dan menghampirinya. Aku berdiri di samping Zhang Yixing yang sedang duduk manis memainkan piano. \"Duduklah,\" kata wanita itu sopan. Dia menggeser letak duduknya. \"Jangan takut…\" Selalu begini. Aku selalu terpesona dengan permainan pianonya. Kuberanikan diri duduk di sampingnya. Tanganku dingin dan gemetar. Apa yang harus aku lakukan? \"Selamat ulang tahun,\" kudengar suara Zhang Yixing. Suaranya terdengar serak, mirip isakan. Sayangnya, aku tidak bisa melihat wajahnya karena di sini sangat gelap. \"Ulang tahun?\" aku mengernyit heran. Zhang Yixing tertawa kecil. \"Bodoh sekali aku. Ulang tahunmu sudah lewat. Satu Desember, kan?\" Aku tersentak kaget. Mengapa dia bisa tahu tanggal ulang tahunku? Dari mana dia tahu? \"Kamu pasti bingung,\" katanya kemudian. \"Kamu belum sadar juga?\" Apa maksudnya? Ucapannya membingungkan. Sekarang aku setuju dengan pendapat Mr. Kim. Zhang Yixing memang pianis gila. \"Kamu memang anak pintar, persis ayahmu,\" puji Zhang Yixing tanpa menghentikan permainan pianonya. \"Kamu tahu semua yang tersembunyi. Tetapi kamu harus tahu sesuatu yang tidak kamu ketahui, Putriku.\" Aku menunduk dan bersiap mendengarkan kata-kata selanjutnya dari mulut Zhang Yixing. Semua ini… Puzzle-puzzle yang berantakan mulai menyatu dan memberikan pengertian baru. Aku bisa mendengar detak jantungku begitu mendengar panggilan terakhirnya. Aku mulai memprediksi siapa dia sebenarnya. \"Tidak mungkin…\" Beberapa saat kemudian, kudengar suara napas tertahan. Dia terdengar seperti terisak. Namun, dia berusaha tidak menunjukkan kepadaku. \"Maukah kamu memaafkanku, Nak? Aku harap kamu memaafkan Ibu. Sama seperti ketika ayahmu memaafkanku saat Ibu membunuhnya.\" Air mataku mengalir deras. Aku sudah tidak sanggup membendung lagi. Sekeliling terasa berputar begitu aku mendengar kata-katanya. \"Meng-mengapa…,\" isakanku terdengar jelas, \"… Mengapa harus melakukannya?\" kepalaku berat. Aku tidak tahu mengapa kenyataan pahit ini ditakdirkan untukku. \"Untuk uang, kah?\" Aku mendengar wanita itu menarik napas. \"Ya.\" Aku terpaku mendengar jawabannya. \"Orang yang membayarku ingin detektif yang memenjarakannya mati. Dia menugaskan aku yang melakukannya,\" papar Zhang Yixing dengan suara tipis. \"Aku telah menyiapkan gas beracun di kamarnya. Sayangnya anak lelaki yang terkurung bersamamu sempat memergokiku. Dengan terpaksa aku menyekapnya. Setelah itu, aku kembali ke kamar dan menembakan pistol agar perhatian semua orang teralihkan dari kamar ayahmu.\" Keji! \"Sesuai rencana. Dia mati tanpa bisa diselamatkan,\" paparnya. \"Tentu saja aku tidak benar-benar melihat hantu.\" \"Jahat…\" Aku lemah mendengar pengakuannya. Kini aku lebih kecewa. Pianis yang kuidolakan, ternyata ibuku sendiri. Oh… \"Hidupku penuh dengan identitas, Nak. Mulai dari pedagang kain, dokter, bahkan pejabat. Dan namaku bukan Zhang Yixing saja,\" jelasnya kemudian. \"Namun identitas asliku hanya satu. Begitulah aku hidup.\" Aku celingak-celinguk. \"Kamu harus dipenjara!\" pekikku marah. \"Ke mana orang-orang? Mereka harus tahu siapa dirimu yang sebenarnya!\" Zhang Yixing berdecak. \"Mereka semua terkunci di dalam ruang pertunjukan musik yang gelap. Aku yang melakukan itu semua,\" jelasnya. \"Di sini hanya kita berdua, Kai.\" Aku menghela napas. Ibuku seorang pembunuh bayaran. Mimpi buruk gadis mana yang bisa mengalahkan milikku? \"Apakah kamu yang membunuh Tao?\" mataku berkaca-kaca. Aku belum bisa lega. Hatiku terlalu sakit untuk disembuhkan. \"Anak itu, ya?\" Zhang Yixing mengingat-ingat. \"Ya, akulah orangnya.\" Aku gemetar untuk kesekian kalinya. Wanita inilah yang dimaksudkan Tao waktu itu. Aku diliputi rasa takut membabi buta. Kengerian ini seakan menelanku lebih dalam dari yang kuperkirakan. Sekejap aku mencoba menggeser kaki. \"Kini…,\" ucapanku tertahan, \"… apakah kamu akan membunuhku juga?\" Dia terdiam. Begitu juga dengan permainan pianonya yang ikut terhenti. Kepalaku pening dan aku gugup. Aku sudah tidak bisa lari jika dia benar-benar ingin membunuhku. Aku pasrah. \"Tentu tidak,\" jawab Zhang Yixing tanpa melanjutkan permainan pianonya. \"Itu tidak ditugaskan untukku. Aku hanya dibayar untuk membunuh ayahmu saja,\" lanjutnya. Aku terdiam dan sedikit tenang. Sepertinya dia tidak membunuhku bukan karena dia ibuku, melainkan karena pekerjaannya. Itu menyakitkan! \"Sekarang,\" kata wanita itu. \"Maukah bermain piano bersamaku?\" Aku menelan ludah. \"Maukah memainkan Fur Elise bersamaku?\" tanyanya kemudian. \"Sebagai salam perpisahan kita, Kai,\" lanjutnya. \"Permainan piano antara ibu dan putrinya. Bukan idola dengan penggemarnya.\" Air mataku deras mengalir begitu mendengar ajakannya. Aku merasa tidak ada bagian yang kering di wajahku. Dia mulai bermain dan menungguku. Aku menghela napas panjang dan sedikit demi sedikit mengangkat tangan. Jemariku mulai menekan tuts-tuts piano. Di ruang musik, bersama ibu, aku memainkan sebuah lagu yang tidak akan dimainkan oleh pasangan ibu dan anak lain di dunia. Kegelapan terasa makin gelap dan makin senyap ketika lantunan piano mulai terdengar. Meskipun aku tidak bisa melihat wajahnya, aku yakin wanita di sebelahku sedang menangis, sama sepertiku. Aku merasakan kesedihan kami yang sempurna. Begitu dalam. Begitu selesai memainkan piano, Zhang Yixing mengelus-elus rambutku dengan lembut. Dia memelukku hangat. Aku bisa merasakan detak jantungnya. Detak jantung ibuku. \"Lupakan aku, Kai,\" dia berdiri. \"Selamat tinggal, Putriku.\" Dia hilang ditelan kegelapan dalam sekejap mata. Aku sudah tidak bisa menyentuhnya lagi. Tidak ada gemuruh langkah kaki dan aku hanya duduk bimbang. . . . . Lampu menyala. Aku silau sehingga harus menyipitkan mata. Sudah terlalu lama aku berada di dalam kegelapan. Sekelilingku penuh cahaya dan berbagai macam alat musik. Sosok penjahat itu tidak ada. \"Kai… Kai,\" Mr. Kim, istrinya, Xiumin, serta komisaris tiba-tiba datang dan membuka pintu. Mungkin seluruh pintu yang terkunci sudah dibuka oleh Zhang Yixing secara otomatis. \"Luhan!\" pekik istri Mr. Kim sambil mendekap badan anaknya yang masih bernapas. Xiumin menatap wajahku yang dipenuhi air mata. \"Kamu baik-baik saja? Apa yang terjadi padamu?\" Aku tersenyum tipis lalu segera merogoh saku. \"Semua berkat koin ini.\" Aku menyerahkannya kepada Xiumin dan dia menerimanya dengan senang hati. Meski tidak ada pesta kembang api, wajah-wajah terlihat sangat bahagia dan puas. Mereka senang dapat keluar. Seusai kejadian, pihak kepolisian meminta keterangan padaku. Aku menjelaskan dengan sejujur-jujurnya. Zhang Yixing berhasil lolos. Mereka yang mendengarkan keteranganku hanya memandangku dengan tatapan kasihan. Keluarga Mr. Kim memutuskan untuk mengadopsiku sebagai anak mereka. Luhan sudah dibawa ke rumah sakit dengan ambulans yang didatangkan secepat mungkin. Aku lega karena akhirnya permasalahan ini dapat dituntaskan, meski meninggalkan seonggok misteri. \"Kai, ayo cepat!\" seru Xiumin yang sudah berada di dalam mobil. Dia terlihat bersemangat karena mau pulang. Aku tersenyum dan mengangguk. Aku mempercepat langkah dan menarik koper kuat-kuat melewati taman. Sebagai seorang detektif, aku bisa dibilang gagal karena tidak mampu menangkap penjahat. Namun, sebagai Kai, aku berhasil menyelamatkan Luhan dan diriku sendiri. Kulihat sosok kelabu itu menghampiri begitu aku hampir sampai di tempat parkir. Hantu musim panas itu tiba-tiba muncul di hadapanku. Senyumannya kali ini terlihat datar dan lebih baik daripada sebelumnya. Mungkin ia ingin menyampaikan salam perpisahan. Aku tersentuh dan segera membalas senyumannya. Bagiku, ia sosok yang baik. ","Summary":" Title : Gloomy December Pairing : Kai, Xiumin, Zhang Yixing (Lay) Type : One Shoot Genre : Mystery "},{"Movie":"Extreme Movie","Title":"Events (OC)","Author":"CaramelHopie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10139771","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Events in Saitha \"Sudah lebih dari dua jam kita bermain. Ayo, kita kembali ke asrama!\" kata Sena sambil melihat jam tangan di tangannya. \"Sekarang, masih jam empat sore, Sena! Yang benar saja, tidakkah kita bisa bermain sampai jam lima?\" pinta Minhwa yang menyukai portakabin di lapangan asrama. \"Jam empat sore dijadwalkan sebagai acara minum teh, Minhwa!\" kata Sena sambil menarik tangan Minhwa yang ogah pergi dari bangunan portakabin yang menarik itu. \"Haneul akan mengabsen seluruh murid. Apabila kamu tidak datang dan ngotot terus main di lapangan sekolah, aku akan melaporkan pada Haneul dan Euna pada saat hari Pelaporan Berita nanti. Akan kuminta mereka memberikan hukuman lagi untukmu!\" ancam Sena. \"Wah, jangan dong, Sena! Aku tidak mau acara kegiatan berkudaku pada saat liburan musim panas jadi kacau. Iya deh, aku akan menurutimu!\" kata Minhwa memohon. Sena geli melihat akting Minhwa yang tampak seperti anak-anak. Tapi, dia harus berwibawa, maka dipalingkannya muka acuh dan terus menggiring kelompok tidurnya ke ruang makan. \"Apakah dalam acara minum teh nanti ada biskuit cokelat kesukaanku, Sena? Atau sandwich? Omelet panas? Telur orak-arik?\" celoteh Minhwa. \"Apakah kamu tidak bisa berhenti bicara, Minhwa?\" tiba-tiba Jea balas bertanya, \"Aku mulai sebal dengan celotehanmu. Kamu harus melihat tingkah kami… Yang selalu diam!\" \"Oh, aku tidak bisa, Jea! Sungguh, aku sangat senang bisa sekolah di asrama ini. Sungguh mengasyikkan. Di rumah, aku selalu merasa bosan… tapi sungguh, kamu harus memaklumi sifatku. Aku tidak bisa berhenti bicara barang satu malam saja!\" kata Minhwa riang. \"Jadi, istilahnya setiap waktu kamu selalu bicara,\" komentar Kyungsoon. \"Benar! Jadi, waktu tidur pun aku berbicara. Istilah tepatnya mengigau! Tapi, bukan berarti aku cerewet, aku tidak suka orang cerewet. Aku hanya periang yang selalu menginginkan kesempatan untuk bicara, itu saja,\" kilah Minhwa membela diri. \"Jadi, kita harus membuat gabus untuk menutup telinga kita pada saat malam nanti! Aku yakin Minhwa akan terus mengigau sampai pagi,\" canda Hanmi. \"Kita harus menerima kenyataannya, Hanmi. Aku pikir membuat gabus itu tidak bijak—tidak menghargai orang lain. Aku kira sampai jam dua belas malam, lampu meja belajarku masih akan menyala. Aku akan menulis surat untuk paman-bibiku,\" ujar Hana tenang. \"Tidak boleh, Hana! Kamu harus tidur tepat jam sembilan malam dan bangun jam enam pagi. Seluruh murid di Saitha tahu aturan itu, kalau tidak ada yang tahu, keterlaluan. Dan, jika kamu melanggarnya, jangan harap kamu bisa berbelanja kartu pos untuk minggu depan,\" ancam Sena sambil berbelok menuju ruang makan. Hana hanya mendesah sedih. Begitu mereka memasuki ruangan makan yang telah dipenuhi murid-murid, Sena dan kelima temannya langsung menempati meja nomor tujuh, sesuai kamar mereka. Memang peraturannya begitu, setiap kelompok dalam satu kamar harus menempati meja berdasarkan nomor urut kamar mereka sendiri. \"Apa menu camilan hari ini, Mrs. Ling?\" tanya Minhwa kepada Mrs. Ling—juru masak Saitha yang bersuamikan tukang kebun di Saitha—dan seorang anak perempuan yang juga menempati sebuah ranjang di kamar nomor empat di Saitha. \"Kue ceri dan biskuit keju dengan biskuit cokelat yang disertai krim vanilla yang menjadi favorit seluruh anak di Saitha,\" jawab Mrs. Ling sambil menghidangkan secangkir teh hangat disertai secangkir gula yang akan dicampurnya ke dalam teh. Juga susu, penambah rasa nikmat. Begitu Mrs. Ling meninggalkan meja nomor tujuh, Minhwa menyadari kejanggalan baginya. \"Mrs. Ling tidak menghidangkan kue ceri dan biskuit keju serta biskuit cokelat dengan krim vanilanya!\" jerit Minhwa pelan, \"Ini penipuan. Aku mau protes.\" Minhwa hendak beranjak dari kursi saat Hana menarik lengan bajunya sambil menahan tawa. \"Hentikan, Minhwa,\" kata Hana. \"Lepaskan bajuku. Ini penipuan. Aku akan memprotes dan menghadap Haneul dan mengatakan bahwa meskipun Mrs. Ling masih muda, dia juga sudah pikun.\" Minhwa terus ngotot. \"Duduk, Minhwa. Jangan macam-macam. Kue ceri itu masih dalam panggangan dan biskuit keju belum dihidangkan karena memang belum matang. Biskuit cokelat belum disajikan di piring masing-masing, tidakkah kamu berpikir?\" kata Sena cekikikan. \"Camilan dan kue kering memang selalu dibagikan paling akhir,\" kata Hanmi, \"Dan jangan sentuh dulu cangkir tehmu itu! Belum waktunya untuk disantap, Haneul dan Euna belum juga datang. Mereka tidak rapat dengan kepala sekolah—maksudku Miss Hwang dan Mr. Lee, jadi mereka akan minum teh bersama-sama seluruh murid Saitha hari ini,\" lanjutnya. \"Aneh!\" komentar Minhwa sambil duduk kembali, \"Di rumahku, acara minum teh seperti ini, dalam satu baki sudah terdapat beberapa cangkir teh beserta kue tar cokelat dengan krim putih lembutnya. Walaupun seluruh anggota keluarga belum hadir semuanya, kami sudah diperbolehkan menghirup teh dan menyantap kue masing-masing!\" \"Di rumahku dulu juga begitu,\" kata Kyungsoon saat Mrs. Ling kembali membawa camilan serta kue kering yang dijanjikannya, \"Tapi sekarang di Saitha, jadi aku mematuhi peraturannya. Terima kasih, Mrs. Ling! Oh, ya, kalau Anda punya resep biskuit cokelat ini beserta cokelatnya, aku minta diajari hari Kamis. Terima kasih, Mrs. Ling!\" Minhwa langsung menarik cangkir gula yang berada di tengah meja. Begitu dia hendak menyendokkan gula ke dalam tehnya, tiba-tiba Sena menegurnya langsung. \"Ingat, Minhwa. Haneul mengatakan bahwa di sini tidak ada tempat perawatan gigi, meskipun ada, itu pun jauh dari asrama kita. Jadi, kamu hanya diizinkan memberi satu sampai dua sendok gula,\" kata Sena sambil mencampurkan susu ke dalam tehnya. \"Mengapa harus begitu? Gigiku terawat rapi. Biar pun aku makan gula sampai tiga sendok hari ini. Aku mau gula tiga sendok!\" Minhwa ngotot dan menambahkan dua sendok gula pada tehnya. \"Kamu harus ingat hari Pelaporan Berita, Minhwa!\" tegur Jea. Minhwa hampir tersedak. Ya, dia lupa hari Pelaporan Berita. Kalau Sena melaporkannya pada hari Minggu mendatang, Senin dia tidak bisa mendapat uang jajan. \"Sena…\" keluh Minhwa. \"Terlambat! Ini pertama kalinya kamu melanggar aturan. Kamu harus ingat, ini hari Selasa. Hanya lima hari lagi menuju hari Pelaporan Berita,\" kata Sena tak peduli. Dihirupnya teh sebelum menambahkan sedikit susu lagi. Minhwa jadi ingin meninggalkan ruang makan itu. Rasanya dia amat bersalah. \"Kamu mau ke mana, Minhwa? Ini belum waktunya untuk tidur,\" kata Hana saat menyadari Minhwa berbelok ke arah kamar mereka. \"Aku mau menulis surat. Ini sudah hari kedua aku di Saitha, dan aku belum mengabarkan berita apa pun kepada orangtuaku,\" kata Minhwa. \"Tidak ada seorang murid pun yang boleh menulis surat pada hari Selasa,\" tiba-tiba Sena menegurnya, \"Hari menulis dan mengirim surat adalah hari Kamis. Sekarang, kita akan ke ruang musik. Ikuti aku, Minhwa. Jika tidak, Haneul akan menaruh kembali 50 penny-mu ke kotak.\" ujar Sena lagi. \"Ruang musik?\" tanya Minhwa heran, \"Untuk apa kita ke sana? Sekarang, bukan waktunya pelajaran musik. Ada apakah di sana, Sena?\" tanya Minhwa kembali. \"Setiap jam lima sore anak kelas enam selalu memainkan piano dan memainkan karya mereka sendiri,\" jelas Kyungsoon. \"Lalu apa hubungannya? Toh, kita tidak punya urusan apa-apa dengan lagu-lagu mereka,\" kata Minhwa heran. \"Itu memang selalu menjadi acara sebelum kita bersiap memakai piama dan tidur jam delapan nanti,\" bisik Hana. \"Aku menyukai acara ini karena setelah mereka main, mereka akan menawari penonton untuk memainkan salah satu alat musik yang ada di ruang musik itu,\" Hana menatap Minhwa dengan mata berbinar. \"Aku memainkan biola. Di sana, ada biola dan aku selalu mengacungkan tangan pertama untuk bermain biola,\" lanjutnya. Minhwa terperangah. \"Hei, acara itu tak boleh dilewatkan!\" serunya perlahan, \"Aku main piano. Aku juga akan memainkan piano di sana.\" tutur Minhwa. \"Kita coba duet di sana saja,\" usul Hana. \"Hara dan Jin dari kelas empat nanti juga akan duet suling dengan gitar,\" lanjut Hana lagi. \"Ide bagus,\" kata Minhwa gembira, \"Kita main lagu apa? Kamu bisa main lagu Lullaby?\" \"Bisa, itu lagu terfavoritku semenjak aku datang ke Saitha. Tapi, kita belum latihan,\" ujar Hana. \"Lullaby itu lagu yang cukup mudah, aku hafal not-not dan tanda musiknya. Apa kamu sudah hafal lagunya? Kalau sudah hafal sih, beres, tinggal melatih kelancaran saja,\" saran Minhwa. \"Aku yakin bisa,\" kata Hana menatap. \"Ayolah!\" Sepasang sahabat itu tertawa dan berjalan menuju ruang musik. Betul-betul acara yang menyenangkan di Saitha! ","Summary":" Events in Saitha \"Sudah lebih dari dua jam kita bermain. Ayo, kita kembali ke asrama!\" kata Sena "},{"Movie":"Extreme Movie","Title":"Saitha (OC)","Author":"CaramelHopie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10133725","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Saitha Senior High School Berpasang-pasang mata mungil yang indah masih terlihat melewati jendela. Ketika halaman sekolah asrama mereka selesai dibersihkan dari lumpur-lumpur bekas badai hujan yang datang setiap bulan. \"Haneul mengizinkan kita bermain di ruang olahraga untuk sementara sebelum halaman sekolah selesai dibersihkan,\" lapor Jea, pengawas dalam kamar yang ditempati enam anak, termasuk Jea. \"Mengapa dia tidak mengizinkan kita bermain di halaman sekolah saat lumpur yang becek dan menjijikkan itu masih ada?\" tanya Hana sambil menjulingkan mata hijaunya yang indah. \"Silakan, Hana. Kalau kamu berani melakukan itu, akan kulaporkan pada Haneul dan Euna saat Pelaporan Berita hari Minggu nanti,\" kata Jea sambil membuka pintu kamar. Haneul dan Euna adalah ketua murid di Saitha Senior High School—yaitu sekolah asrama yang selalu mengadakan Pelaporan Berita di ruangan tertentu setiap hari Minggu. Haneul adalah ketua murid laki-laki dan Euna ketua murid perempuan. Saitha memiliki empat belas pengawas dalam satu sekolah, yang bertugas melaporkan kejadian-kejadian dari seluruh penjuru sekolah. Sedangkan Jea adalah salah satu pengawas kamar, yang bertugas melapor perilaku teman-teman sekamarnya yang menurutnya patut dilaporkan. Jadi, kelima anak yang tidur sekamar dengan Jea harus mematuhi jika tidak ingin uang jajan mereka selama sebulan dikurangi, dan bisa jadi, hal-hal yang disukai oleh kelimanya akan dicoret dari jadwal. Di Saitha, seperti layaknya orangtua, setiap minggu sekolah asrama itu memberikan uang jajan mingguan sebanyak 50 won. Itu dilakukan setiap Senin, di ruang serbaguna, di saat anak-anak berkumpul dan duduk di kursi yang telah disediakan. Anak-anak yang menerima kiriman uang harus menyumbangkan seluruhnya. Tapi, karena usul ini tidak diterima anak kelas satu, seluruh murid boleh menyisakan satu-dua persen dari kiriman uangnya. Dan, jika ada keluhan dari setiap anak yang memerlukan uang tambahan, keluhan itu akan dirundingkan apakah itu konyol atau tidak. Dan, jika ada keluhan seseorang yang dijahili seorang temannya (atau siapa pun), pada hari itu juga akan ditentukan hukuman yang cocok dengan semua yang telah dilakukan si penjahil. Di Saitha, bila ada yang melanggar peraturan sedikit pun pasti ada sanksinya. \"Oh, jangan… jangan! Aku tahu hukuman terberat itu. Pasti uang jajanku akan tetap diam di kotak penyimpanan, aku tidak mau karena aku sudah berencana akan membelanjakan separuh uang jajanku untuk kartu pos dan bingkai foto,\" kata Hana sambil mengikuti Sena ke luar kamar. \"Maka sekarang patuhlah kepadaku, Hana! Pergi menuju ruang olahraga! Haneul menyuruh kita berkumpul di sana,\" perintah Jea. Hana langsung menyusul Sena dan anak lainnya yang sudah keluar dari kamar. Ya, Hana. Dia salah satu anak baru yang menempati kamar terbaik di Saitha—kamar keberuntungan, kamar nomor tujuh. Awal mulanya, dia tidak mau sekolah di sini karena berpikir bahwa ini sekolah biasa. Tapi, dia heran begitu ibunya mengepak koper dan menyuruhnya mengemasi seluruh barang-barang istimewa dan berharganya ke dalam satu tas. Dan, begitu dia menyadari bahwa sekolah Saitha ini bercampur asrama putra-putri, dia tahu bahwa di hari-hari mendatang, terutama menjelang liburan musim panas, dia akan mengikuti kegiatan berkuda, melukis, sanggar menari, tenis, serta music. Itu semua kegiatan kesukaannya. Meski dia langsung cemberut begitu mendengar bahwa setiap anak harus mengikuti kegiatan memasak dan budaya. Masalahnya, dia tidak suka memasak dan tidak peduli dengan masalah budaya. Tapi, yang ini harus kujalani, pikirnya. Saitha memiliki banyak ruangan yang luas dan nyaman. Di antaranya; lapangan berkuda, ruang seni musik, seni lukis, seni tari, seni kerajinan tangan, ruangan bahasa (yang selalu dipakai untuk pelajaran bahasa negara), ruang olahraga, dan salah satu yang terbesar di antaranya—ruang makan. Ya, ruang makan yang luas dan nyaman disertai dapur dengan peralatan lengkap, yang sering dipinjam untuk praktik memasak. Setiap sore, ruang makan itu mengadakan acara minum the—bersama biskuit cokelat istimewa atau bermacam-macam kue kering atau cake biasa. Ruang serbaguna sering dipakai untuk pentas kreasi, namun yang penting bagi Hana adalah meja belajar! Ya… Mungkin kelihatan aneh bagi kalian, tapi bagi Hana, meja belajar sangatlah asyik untuk menyimpan barang-barang rahasia di laci-laci tertentu. Dan biasanya, meja belajar di rumahnya selalu kosong—kecuali terisi tempat pensil dan buku-buku pelajaran. Tapi di Saitha, seluruh murid dibebaskan menata sendiri meja rias dan meja belajarnya. Tapi yang cukup mengherankan bagi Hana, mengapa untuk pergi ke desa, ke pertokoan terdekat untuk berbelanja, seorang murid diharuskan pergi berdua atau bertiga, atau pokoknya tidak boleh pergi sendirian. Tapi, itu tak masalah bagi Hana. Karena, dia sudah punya Sena, seorang gadis yang sudah dia diresmikan menjadi sahabat karibnya. \"Ingat, Hana. Koridor ini baru dipel, masih licin. Lihat sepatumu, apakah kotor atau tidak. Jika tidak, kamu harus berjalan pelan-pelan, tidak boleh berlari karena kamu bisa terpeleset,\" pesan Jea. \"Aku akan ingat, Jea. Sepatuku bersih dan aku tidak akan berlari sepanjang koridor. Aku akan menyamai langkahku dengan Sena, bukankah dia gadis manis yang sangat tenang?\" kata Hana riang. \"Sena, jaga Hana!\" perintah Jea tajam, \"Dia bis…\" ucapannya terpotong oleh kata-kata Hana. \"Aku bukan narapidana yang hendak kabur, Jea! Aku memang bandel, tapi percayalah bahwa aku tidak akan mengacau,\" seru Hana. :Baiklah, ","Summary":" Saitha Senior High School Berpasang-pasang mata mungil yang indah masih terlihat melewati jendela. "},{"Movie":"Extreme Movie","Title":"Perpustakaan","Author":"Parkchanyexl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10390107","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title : Perpustakaan Pairing : Kai, Xiumin, Baekhyun Type : One Shoot Genre : Mystery Rate : T (GS : ALL) Aku nyaris berteriak saat mendengar suara benda jatuh. Apalagi aku sedang dalam suasana tegang. Ugh , sebenarnya suara apa itu? Sepertinya bukan hanya satu benda yang jatuh. Suara jatuhnya terdengar terdengar serempak dan bertubi-tubi. Para pengunjung perpustakaan sama kagetnya dengan kami. Aku dan Xiumin cepat-cepat menoleh ke sebuah rak buku yang berada di sebelah kursi-kursi dan meja tempat mengobrol. Di balik rak itu, kami melihat ada sebuah tangga kecil—yang biasa dipakai untuk mengambil buku yang letaknya sulit dijangkau—tergeletak begitu saja di lantai. Selain itu, di sekitar tangga ada deretan buku yang sepertinya baru saja dijatuhkan. Ya, kurasa ada yang menjatuhkannya. \"Kai, lihat!\" pekik Xiumin dengan suara berbisik. Kami mengintip dari celah-celah buku yang kurang rapi di rak tersebut. Ada seorang anak perempuan dengan rambut lurus sedang menunduk takut karena dimarahi seorang wanita tua yang sepertinya petugas perpustakaan. Kurasa perempuan itulah yang membuat keributan barusan. \"Kamu mengganggu ketertiban. Sebaiknya hati-hati.\" Begitulah yang kudengar. Dari kata-katanya sepertinya pengurus perpustakaan itu benar-benar marah. \"Maafkan aku. Maafkan aku…,\" perempuan berambut lurus itu terus meminta maaf. Walau begitu, dia tidak berani menatap wajah wanita yang sedang memarahinya. Seusai wanita tua itu pergi, Si Rambut Lurus kembali merapikan kekacauan yang sudah dia buat. Begitu melihat kami yang sedang memerhatikannya, dia terlihat sangat gugup. Aneh. \"Biar kami bantu,\" ucapku begitu dia memunguti buku-buku yang berserakan di lantai. Anak itu memerhatikan kami, mengacuhkan, dan segera melanjutkan pekerjaannya. Aku menyerahkan buku-buku itu kepadanya. Begitu juga dengan Xiumin. \"Um…,\" dia masih terlihat gugup. \"Te-terima kasih atas bantuan kalian. Maaf merepotkan,\" lagi-lagi dia menunduk seperti saat dimarahi petugas perpustakaan. \"Tidak masalah,\" Xiumin tersenyum ramah. Aku dan Xiumin segera kembali ke tempat duduk. \"Tunggu!\" anak perempuan itu menghampiri kami setelah sebelumnya meletakkan tumpukan buku begitu saja di lantai. Dari air mukanya, dia tampak sangat serius saat berseru tunggu . \"Apakah ada yang bisa kami bantu?\" tanyaku basa-basi. Dia mengepalkan jemari, lalu menatapku dan Xiumin bergantian. Wah, kalau diperhatikan seperti ini aku jadi kurang nyaman. Apakah di wajahku ada yang salah? \"Se-sebenarnya, aku tidak sengaja mendengar pembicaraan kalian berdua…\" jelas anak itu setelah hening sejenak. Sepertinya ada hal penting yang ingin dia sampaikan kepada kami. \"Maaf… Aku memang kurang sopan,\" katanya sambil tertawa malu-malu. \"Perkenalkan, namaku Baekhyun. Dan… Siapa kalian?\" \"Aku Kai,\" aku memperkenalkan diri. \"Dan aku Xiumin,\" sambung Xiumin. Baekhyun tersenyum. \"Senang berkenalan dengan Kai dan Xiumin.\" Kurasa dia sangat ramah dan itu terlihat dari gaya bicaranya. Dia berbadan langsing. Mungkin dia lebih tinggi beberapa senti dari diriku. Aku yakin usia kami tidak jauh berbeda. Aku melirik arloji, sudah pukul empat sore. \"Baekhyun, kenapa kamu membiarkan buku-buku itu di sana?\" tiba-tiba petugas perpustakaan menegur Baekhyun. Baekhyun terkejut dan segera memungut lagi buku-buku itu. Meletakkan buku satu per satu di rak. Aku dan Xiumin ikut membantu meski mulai melelahkan. Kami sudah membantunya dua kali. Ah, tidak apa jika Baekhyun merasa terbantu. \"Tidak usah,\" Baekhyun mencegah kami membantunya. \"Sepertinya aku sedang sibuk, padahal aku ingin…,\" gumamnya. \"Bisakah kalian kembali ke sini seusai jam makan malam?\" Baekhyun seperti ingin membicarakan sesuatu yang penting dengan kami. Namun menurutnya ini bukan waktu yang tepat. Aku dan Xiumin berpandangan dan kemudian bangkit berdiri. \"Baiklah, Baekhyun,\" Xiumin mengangguk dan tersenyum. \"Aku harap kamu lebih dulu ada di sini, karena aku tidak suka menunggu,\" ucapku. \"Sampai jumpa nanti malam.\" Kami berdua segera pergi dari perpustakaan. . . . . \"Kalian tidak langsung tidur?\" tegur ibu Xiumin begitu melihat kami berdua bergegas menuju suatu tempat. \"Tidak, Ibu. Kami ada janji sebentar,\" balas Xiumin kemudian dia mempercepat langkahnya. Seusai makan malam dan sesuai dengan permintaan Baekhyun, kami langsung menuju perpustakaan. Sebenarnya aku sedikit malas karena di luar area penginapan, hawa malam hari terasa sangat dingin. Aku juga malas jika harus melewati deretan polisi yang sedang berjaga. Pasti kami akan ditanyai macam-macam dan itu sangat membuang waktu. \"Sedang apa malam-malam begini?\" tegur salah seorang polisi. Aku mendelik dan memutar bola mata. Membiarkan Xiumin yang berbicara dengan polisi itu. \"Kami berdua akan ke perpustakaan,\" jawab Xiumin jujur. \"Malam-malam?\" tanya polisi itu lagi. Memangnya apa salahnya dengan malam-malam pergi ke perpustakaan? Xiumin terlihat cemberut dan sepertinya dia mulai kesal. Kemudian, dia menelepon ibunya. \"Maaf, Anda bisa bicara dengan ibuku dan bertanya padanya, apakah aku telah mendapat izin untuk pergi ke perpustakaan.\" Polisi itu kemudian berbicara dengan ibu Xiumin melalui telepon genggam. Karena tadi Xiumin sudah bilang kepada ibunya, kami tenang-tenang saja. \"Baiklah, Nona-Nona Kutu Buku.\" Polisi itu menyerahkan handphone kepada Xiumin. \"Jangan terlalu lama di perpustakaan. Berhati-hatilah…\" Kami segera mengambil langkah seribu sebelum polisi itu berubah pikiran. Aku harap Baekhyun menemui kami malam-malam begini untuk sesuatu yang penting. Tidak lama, kami sampai di perpustakaan yang letaknya berada di sebelah gudang perkakas tanaman. Perpustakaan pada malam hari benar-benar sepi, namun tetap terang karena lampu masih lama. Kulihat Baekhyun dengan jaket abu-abunya menghampiri kami yang baru saja tiba. \"Aku senang kalian datang,\" Baekhyun tersenyum. \"Kami juga senang kamu lebih dulu datang,\" sahutku yang mulai tidak sabar. Baekhyun tertawa kecil. \"Tentu saja aku lebih dulu datang. Sejak tadi sore, aku belum beranjak ke mana pun.\" \"Meski kutu buku, aku tidak terlalu betah berlama-lama di perpustakaan sepertimu,\" Xiumin mengernyit. Mungkin dia kaget karena punya saingan bookaholic . Baekhyun mengajak kami masuk. Sebelumnya dia mengeluarkan kunci dan membuka pintu perpustakaan. \"Seperti rumah sendiri saja, ya,\" ujarku tertawa. \"Bahkan kamu punya kuncinya.\" Xiumin celingak-celinguk. \"Di mana petugas perpustakaan yang memarahimu tadi sore?\" \"Kunci ini kupinjam dari petugas perpustakaan, kok. Petugas itu sedang beristirahat sampai jam sebelas nanti. Jadi, akulah yang menjaga perpustakaan ini.\" Lagi-lagi Baekhyun tertawa kecil. \"Padahal, tadi kamu dimarah-marahi. Kamu sangat baik hati karena masih mau membantunya,\" decak Xiumin. \"Tentu saja aku mau. Petugas perpustakaan itu, kan, ibuku sendiri,\" balas Baekhyun terkikik. \"Wow,\" aku tersenyum. Pantas saja! Ruangan perpustakaan malam hari tidak jauh berbeda dari suasana siang hari. Ada rak-rak buku, meja dan kursi, karpet, pendingin ruangan, dan juga slogan-slogan yang tertempel di dinding. Hal yang membedakan hanya lampu saja. Kami duduk di lantai mengikuti Baekhyun. \"Apa alasanmu memanggil kami?\" tanyaku penasaran. Baekhyun terpaku sejenak. Dia menunduk sebentar, lalu mendongak. Aku bisa melihat dengan jelas kedua matanya tampak berkaca-kaca. Untuk sesaat suasana hening dan kami berdua hanya bisa melihat Baekhyun menitikkan air mata tanpa banyak berkomentar. \"Sudah kukatakan, aku tidak sengaja mendengar pembicaraan kalian berdua tadi sore,\" jelas Baekhyun menyeka air matanya. Kami berdua terdiam dan membiarkan Baekhyun melanjutkan ucapannya. \"Benarkah kamu berbicara dengan Tao?\" tanya Baekhyun menatapku penuh heran. Matanya berbinar-binar menunggu jawaban dariku. Aku menoleh bingung pada Xiumin. Mengapa dia tiba-tiba menanyakan Tao? \"A-aku berjanji tidak akan memberitahukan hal itu kepada siapa pun. Sebelumnya aku minta maaf karena sudah mencampuri urusan kalian,\" kata Baekhyun dengan hati-hati. Suaranya terdengar… memelas. Aku menelan ludah. \"Um… Ya, tetapi apakah kamu percaya padaku? Maksudku, bisa saja aku berhalusinasi.\" Aku sedikit kurang percaya diri saat Baekhyun memintaku menjelaskan tentang kejadian itu. \"Tidak-tidak,\" tepis Baekhyun. \"Aku percaya dan kamu sedang tidak berhalusinasi. Aku yakin,\" ujarnya dengan menekan kata \"tidak\". Akhirnya dengan gugup aku menjelaskan. Menceritakan kejadian itu sedetail-detailnya. Sesekali Baekhyun memotong perkataanku dengan pertanyaan-pertanyaan. Aku senang karena speertinya dia benar-benar memercayai ceritaku. \"Begitulah…,\" aku menyudahi. Baekhyun menatapku dengan tatapan kosong. Dia melamun dan sepertinya ada yang sedang dipikirkan saat ini. \"Apakah ini cukup?\" sahut Xiumin. \"Lebih baik kita kembali…\" \"Tunggu!\" cegah Baekhyun segera. \"Aku… Ingin mengatakan sesuatu kepada kalian.\" \"Kalau begitu katakanlah,\" ucapku. Anak berambut lurus itu menggigit bibir. \"Kalian harus percaya kepadaku.\" Aku menoleh pada Xiumin, kemudian berkata. \"Ya, kami akan percaya.\" \"Tao… Dia memang Tao,\" kata Baekhyun gugup. \"Suara yang kamu dengar dari dalam lemari saat itu memang dia.\" Xiumin menganga dan mulai pucat. \"Buktinya apa?\" \"Meski aku tidak punya bukti, aku sangat yakin,\" Baekhyun berusaha meyakinkan kami entah untuk tujuan apa. Tiba-tiba dia menangis lagi. \"Sudahlah, kami percaya. Kamu jangan menangis begitu,\" aku membujuknya. Baekhyun terisak. \"A-aku menangis bukan karena itu. Aku menangis karena aku benar-benar merindukannya…\" \"Merindukan siapa?\" Xiumin terlihat kebingungan. Suasana malam semakin dingin dan waktu terus berjalan. Aku mulai penasaran, sebenarnya Baekhyun ini siapa? \"Aku merindukan Tao,\" dia menyeka air matanya. \"Dulu, aku dan dia bersahabat dekat. Saat hidupnya, Tao merupakan gadis periang dan cerdas.\" Aku tidak menyangka! Rupanya Baekhyun sangat tertarik dengan ceritaku karena dia teman baik Tao. \"Kebahagiaan kami lenyap begitu kakek Tao jatuh sakit. Beliau mewariskan seluruh hartanya kepada Tao. Ya, hanya Tao. Namun, sepupu-sepupu Tao tidak bisa terima. Dan…,\" tiba-tiba air mata yang keluar makin deras. Suara Baekhyun pun semakin serak. \"Mereka menyewa pembunuh bayaran dan lemari itu… dia…\" \"Sudah jangan dilanjutkan,\" Xiumin memeluk Baekhyun dengan mata berkaca-kaca. Kami bertiga diam dan membiarkan hati masing-masing merasakan betapa pedihnya kisah Tao. Aku mengutuk siapa pun yang tega melakukan hal sekeji itu pada sosok tanpa dosa seperti Tao. \"Ah, Tao…,\" isak Baekhyun dengan mata memerah. \"Ini salahku karena aku tidak ada di sana untuk menyelamatkannya.\" Aku membuang muka ke arah lain. Tatapanku sendu dan letih. Mungkin perasaan Baekhyun sama dengan perasaanku ketika ayah pergi. Ketika jasad ayah membiru dan tidak berdaya. Akan kuputar waktu jika memang bisa diputar, namun itu hanya harapan semu. Hanya dendam yang tertinggal dalam nuraniku. \"Aku… Aku juga merindukan Luhan,\" pekik Xiumin sambil menyembunyikan wajahnya di balik kedua telapak tangan. Oh, aku hampir lupa. Sampai saat ini Luhan belum ditemukan dan kurasa batin Xiumin sama tersiksanya dengan aku dan Baekhyun. Meski kemungkinan Luhan masih hidup hanya sedikit, Xiumin akan tetap berusaha mencari bagaimanapun caranya. \"Luhan pasti akan segera ditemukan, Xiumin. Dia akan selamat,\" aku mencoba menenangkan Xiumin. Xiumin menyipitkan matanya. \"Kuharap begitu.\" \"Aku ingin menunjukkan sesuatu kepada kalian.\" Baekhyun melangkah ke suatu tempat di antara meja-meja yang penuh laci. Beberapa saat kemudian, dia kembali dengan menenteng sebuah buku besar dan tebal bersampul merah muda. Dia menyodorkan buku itu kepada kami. \"Kami harus membuka ini?\" Xiumin mengamati. \"Buka saja,\" Baekhyun tersenyum. Xiumin membukanya dan kini kami bisa melihat isi buku itu. Sebuah album foto. Berisi foto-foto lama yang kualitas kertasnya sudah tidak terlalu bagus dan gambarnya mulai memudar. Aku melihat seorang anak perempuan berambut lurus dan langsing mirip Baekhyun serta beberapa teman-teman di masa kecilnya. Ada sebuah foto yang memuat sosok Baekhyun bersama seorang anak berambut sebahu dan sangat manis. Dia dan anak perempuan di sebelahnya itu sedang bersama-sama memetik jeruk. Anak pemilik rambut sebahu itu terlihat sangat senang dan bahagia. \"Dia…,\" aku menduga-duga. \"Dia Tao,\" potong Baekhyun sambil mengelus-elus permukaan foto. \"Tao yang malang…,\" desahnya. \"Tadi sore aku sangat terkejut ketika mendengar kamu pernah berbicara dengan Tao,\" Baekhyun menghela napas panjang. \"Sebenarnya, aku iri padamu. Sudah lama aku tidak berkomunikasi dengannya.\" Aku menarik napas menetralkan emosi. \"Kai, kamu bilang pernah lihat Tao dengan mata kepala sendiri. Seperti apa rupanya?\" sahut Xiumin. Akhirnya Xiumin percaya pada ceritaku. Baguslah. Aku pernah melihat sosoknya, jauh sebelum ayah meninggal. Aku mengingat-ingat lagi kapan tepatnya itu terjadi. \"Ya, memang pernah.\" \"Cepat katakana, seperti apa ia dan sedang apa ia?\" kalimat Baekhyun mengagetkanku. \"Persis… Hanya senyumannya yang berbeda…,\" gumamku sambil memerhatikan foto Tao. Aku terbatuk kecil sambil menyapukan pandangan ke sekitar. \"Suram sekali. Saat itu aku sedang menggosok gigi dan melihat bayangannya di cermin. Senyumannya terlihat tidak wajar. Senyum kesedihan…\" Detak jantungku semakin cepat dan berat. Aku tegang. \"Kapan itu terjadi?\" Xiumin menatapku penuh heran. Aku terhenyak dan kembali mengingat. \"Oh,\" aku menyadari satu hal. \"Malam hari. Um… Sebelum suara tembakan itu terdengar.\" Tiba-tiba aku merasakan malam ini begitu kelam. Bayangan-bayangan kecil yang terpantul di sekitar rak terasa menyeramkan. Aku tidak berani melihat ke mana-mana. Aku sangat takut. Baekhyun mengangguk pelan. \"Kurasa, saat itu ia ingin memperingatkanmu,\" bisiknya. Aku tersentak dan menganga. \"Mungkin,\" aku setuju. \"Tetapi itu semua percuma. Saat itu aku tidak sadar sedang diperingatkan .\" \"Hei,\" sahut Xiumin. \"Zhang Yixing mengaku menembakkan peluru karena melihat Tao, kan?\" \"Ya,\" aku mengiyakan. Kemudian aku berpaling cepat pada Baekhyun. \"Apakah yang dilihatnya itu benar-benar Tao?\" Baekhyun mengangkat bahu. \"Maaf, aku sendiri tidak tahu kebenarannya.\" Otakku berpikir lebih keras. Keganjilan itu selalu saja menjadi beban. Mengapa kejadian pembunuhan ayahku tidak meninggalkan jejak-jejak yang wajar? \"Baekhyun…,\" aku memanggilnya. \"Kamu tahu, siapa yang membunuh Tao? Siapakah pembunuh bayaran itu?\" \"Tidak,\" Baekhyun menggeleng penuh penyesalan. \"Seandainya tahu, aku sudah melaporkannya kepada polisi dan meminta agar orang itu dihukum mati.\" \"Satu hal yang pasti,\" ucapku dengan mantap. \"Dia pasti seorang wanita.\" ","Summary":" Title : Perpustakaan Pairing : Kai, Xiumin, Baekhyun Type : One Shoot Genre : Mystery Rate : T (GS "},{"Movie":"Extreme Movie","Title":"The Theatre School (OC)","Author":"CaramelHopie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10133615","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Theatre School (OC) The Theatre School merupakan sekolah internasional yang mengajarkan acting , presenter , and modeling . Kalau mau, murid-muridnya bisa mengikuti pelajaran tambahan atau pengembangan potensi teater, yaitu musical , band , and theatre of musical . Murid-murid The Theatre School tinggal di asrama. Setiap anak mempunyai kamar masing-masing yang lokasinya tergantung pada kelas mereka. Kelas di The Teathre School dibagi menjadi dua, yaitu VIP dan normal. Kelas VIP untuk anak yang sangat berkompetensi dan berbakat, sedangkan kelas normal untuk anak yang masuk melalui danem. Di kelas VIP terdapat 10 siswa dan di kelas normal terdapat 20 siswa. Asrama mereka juga dipisah, antara asrama VIP dan asrama normal. \" Morning !\" teriak Minhwa yang bangun dari tidurnya dan bersiap-siap mandi. Teman-teman di sebelahnya ikut terbangun karena teriakan Minhwa yang begitu keras, hingga membuat telinga mereka pecah, hehehe… \"Duh, Hwa!\" gerutu Jea, lalu bangun dari tidurnya. \"Kamu ini, bisa enggak, bicara pelan-pelan saja. Aku dengar, kok, kalau kamu bangunkan aku!\" lanjut Jea sambil mengambil bajunya yang bergambar berbagai animasi di lemari. Baju itu kesukaan Jea. Dia memang tomboi. \"Hai!\" teriak Sena yang melotot ke arah Minhwa yang sedang mengambil pakaiannya yang bergambar bunga di lemari. \"Hehehe… Maaf, ya. Teriakanku terlalu keras, ya. Soalnya, aku lagi senang. Jadi, mohon jangan marah, ya, please !\" kata Minhwa. Mereka langsung berpelukan. \"Makanya, jangan teriak, ya. Nanti, telinga kami harus diperiksakan ke THT jika kamu masih saja teriak setiap pagi. Oke?\" kata Jea sambil menjitak kepala Minhwa. \"Aku setuju. Apa kamu mau kalau kami harus diperiksa di THT?\" timpal Sena. Dia adalah anak yang paling girly dan terkenal. \"Hehehe… Oke,\" kata Minhwa sambil mengacungkan jempolnya. Mereka pun tertawa. Selama tiga puluh menit, mereka bersiap-siap. Setelah itu, mereka berangkat menuju kelas mereka yang letaknya tidak jauh dari asrama. Letak asrama VIP mereka tepat di depan sekolah Theatre Girl . Oh, ya, The Theatre School dibagi menjadi tiga gedung sekolah, yaitu, Theatre Girl dan Theatre Boy , yang dipisahkan oleh pagar yang dijaga ketat oleh security . Sedangkan gedung yang satu lagi adalah Umum. Minhwa memakai celana selutut dengan kaus berwarna merah dan rompi berwarna kuning. Jea memakai topi, celana pendek, jaket, dan kaus. Sementara Sena memakai dress berwarna ungu dan hiasan kecil di badannya. Mereka sampai di kelas 1 VIP-Tulip. Mereka memang masuk ke kelas VIP karena bakat mereka yang luar biasa. Kelas VIP juga menerima anak yang tomboi, bukan hanya yang girly . Bel telah berbunyi. Mereka segera duduk di tempat masing-masing. Minhwa duduk dengan Nayoung, Jea dengan Yuri, dan Sena dengan Hanmi. Tempat duduk mereka memang sengaja diacak, agar mereka semua kompak. \" Good morning, Students !\" sapa Mrs. Park. \" Morning , Mrs. Park!\" balas semua murid dengan serempak. \"Hari ini akan ada casting . Sutradara Mr. Lee akan membuat film terbaru yang berjudul The Dance Musical . Film ini akan dimainkan oleh murid-murid dari The Theatre School . Sekarang, silakan kalian ke aula. Di sana akan ada casting untuk The Dance Musical ,\" jelas Mrs. Park. Semua anak langsung pergi ke aula yang ada di lantai dua. \"Pasti film ini sangat bagus,\" bisik Minhwa pada Sena yang ada di sebelahnya. \"Ya, pasti film ini seperti HSM,\" jawab Sena. Dia membayangkan film yang akan mereka mainkan. \"Tentu saja. Aku sangat ingin menjadi Gabriella dalam HSM. Meskipun hanya berkhayal, enggak apa-apa, kan… Hahaha,\" kata Minhwa. Sena ikut tertawa. \"Ya, aku ingin menjadi Ashey. Perannya sangat bagus,\" ujar Sena, \"Hai, kalian cerita apa?\" tanya Jea kesal karena mereka tidak mengajaknya mengobrol. \"Enggak, cuma cerita tentang peran yang ada di HSM. Kalau kamu, mau jadi siapa dalam film HSM?\" tanya Minhwa. Jea berpikir sejenak. \"Ehm… Mungkin jadi Taylor, hehehe,\" canda Jea sambil merangkul sahabatnya. Mereka semua tertawa. Tidak terasa, mereka sampai di aula lantai dua. Di situ sudah banyak kru dan produser yang terkenal. Mrs. Park juga sudah sampai. Suara dari speaker mulai terdengar. Semua murid langsung duduk di tempat yang telah disediakan. \"Semuanya harap tenang! The Dance Musical ini menceritakan seorang gadis yang mendapatkan beasiswa di sebuah music school karena suaranya yang bagus. Seorang laki-laki tampan, yang dikenal sebagai artis paling top, menyukai gadis ini. Namun, ada yang ingin menghalangi mereka, yaitu Three Girls . Karena dorongan dari sahabat dan teman-teman mereka, akhirnya mereka bisa bersatu,\" jelas Mrs. Park. Semua anak bertepuk tangan dengan keras. Beberapa saat kemudian, casting pun dimulai. Minhwa mendapat urutan kelima, Jea keempat, dan Sena ketiga. Selama casting , mereka berhasil menunjukkan kemampuan terbaik mereka. Setelah casting , mereka berkumpul di tempat duduk deret kedua. \"Kurasa, cerita ini sangat berbeda dengan HSM,\" bisik Minhwa kepada Sena dan Jea yang ada di sebelahnya. \"Mungkin ini lebih menarik,\" kata Sena setelah meneguk orange juice miliknya. \"Ya. Aku enggak tahu, apa kita bertiga bisa terpilih!\" kata Jea. Mereka terdiam sesaat. \"Bagaimana kalau kita buat perjanjian?\" usul Minhwa. Jea dan Sena terbangun dari lamunan mereka. \"Apa?\" tanya Sena kaget, yang diikuti oleh Jea. \"Jika salah satu di antara kita enggak terpilih dalam film ini, semuanya harus mundur, biar enggak ada yang iri. Bagaimana, kalian setuju?\" lanjut Minhwa. Sena dan Jea mengangguk setuju. \"Beneran?\" tanya Minhwa senang. \"Tentu saja. Lagian, kita, kan, bersahabat. Enggak mungkin hanya karena film, kita berpisah, kan?\" kata Sena sambil merangkul kedua sahabatnya. \"Lagian juga, film itu enggak penting, kok. Yang penting adalah kalian karena kalian…,\" kata-kata Jea terputus. Air matanya mulai jatuh. \"Sudahlah,\" hibur Minhwa sambil menghapus air mata Jea. \"Orangtuaku enggak pernah memedulikanku. Sejak kecil, aku dirawat oleh bibiku. Orangtuaku selalu keluar kota, bahkan keluar negeri demi perusahaannya. Semenjak ada kalian, aku senang banget karena aku mendapat kasih sayang dari kalian,\" jelas Jea. \"Itu baru namanya sahabat. Iya, kan?\" kata Minhwa. Mereka pun tertawa bersama. \"Enaknya, geng kita dinamakan apa, ya?\" tanya Sena. \"S-Tyle, gimana?\" usul Minhwa. \"Oke, aku setuju!\" kata Jea semangat. \"Dan aku memilih Sena sebagai ketuanya. Selain cerdas, kamu baik dan terkenal,\" kata Minhwa. Jea mengangguk. \"Hai, jangan gitu, dong!\" kata Sena. \"Aku enggak mau!\" tolak Sena. \"Bagaimana kalau bebek yang di sana aja,\" canda Jea. Mereka pun tertawa. Hari ini adalah hari berdirinya S-Tyle. Suara dari speaker terdengar. Mereka semua kembali tenang dan memperhatikan ke depan. Mrs. Park terlihat sedang memegang kertas. \"Oke, aku akan mengumumkan peran kalian masing-masing!\" kata Mrs. Park yang terdengar sangat jelas. Suasana semakin hening. \"Pemeran gadis yang mendapatkan beasiswa atau Alice adalah Minhwa!\" seru Mrs. Park. Mereka bertiga langsung bersorak. \"Pemeran kakak Alice atau Alena adalah Sena!\" Mereka bersorak lagi dan memeluk sahabatnya itu. Kali ini tinggal Jea. Ya Tuhan, mudah-mudah Jea… , doa Minhwa dalam hati. \"Dan yang terakhir, sebagai sahabat Alice atau Frisca adalah Jea. Pemeran yang lain diumumkan di papan pengumuman. Terima kasih!\" seru Mrs. Park. Mereka benar-benar senang karena bisa main bersama sebagai pemain inti. \"Akhirnya… Selamat ya, Sen, Jea!\" seru Minhwa senang. \"Lagian, kamu, kan, pemenangnya, bukan kita,\" kata Sena dan Jea serempak. Minhwa tertawa. Lalu, mereka berpelukan bersama seperti Teletubbies , hehehe… \"Yang penting, kita terpilih sebagai pemain inti. Kita sangat bersyukur. Iya, kan?\" seru Jea senang. \"Ya, good luck ,\" kata mereka bersamaan. Hari ini, selain berdirinya S-Tyle, mereka terpilih menjadi pemain inti di sebuah film dari sutradara yang terkenal. ","Summary":" The Theatre School (OC) The Theatre School merupakan sekolah internasional yang mengajarkan acting "},{"Movie":"Extreme Movie","Title":"Events in Saitha (OC)","Author":"CaramelHopie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10139767","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Events in Saitha \"Sudah lebih dari dua jam kita bermain. Ayo, kita kembali ke asrama!\" kata Sena sambil melihat jam tangan di tangannya. \"Sekarang, masih jam empat sore, Sena! Yang benar saja, tidakkah kita bisa bermain sampai jam lima?\" pinta Minhwa yang menyukai portakabin di lapangan asrama. \"Jam empat sore dijadwalkan sebagai acara minum teh, Minhwa!\" kata Sena sambil menarik tangan Minhwa yang ogah pergi dari bangunan portakabin yang menarik itu. \"Haneul akan mengabsen seluruh murid. Apabila kamu tidak datang dan ngotot terus main di lapangan sekolah, aku akan melaporkan pada Haneul dan Euna pada saat hari Pelaporan Berita nanti. Akan kuminta mereka memberikan hukuman lagi untukmu!\" ancam Sena. \"Wah, jangan dong, Sena! Aku tidak mau acara kegiatan berkudaku pada saat liburan musim panas jadi kacau. Iya deh, aku akan menurutimu!\" kata Minhwa memohon. Sena geli melihat akting Minhwa yang tampak seperti anak-anak. Tapi, dia harus berwibawa, maka dipalingkannya muka acuh dan terus menggiring kelompok tidurnya ke ruang makan. \"Apakah dalam acara minum teh nanti ada biskuit cokelat kesukaanku, Sena? Atau sandwich? Omelet panas? Telur orak-arik?\" celoteh Minhwa. \"Apakah kamu tidak bisa berhenti bicara, Minhwa?\" tiba-tiba Jea balas bertanya, \"Aku mulai sebal dengan celotehanmu. Kamu harus melihat tingkah kami… Yang selalu diam!\" \"Oh, aku tidak bisa, Jea! Sungguh, aku sangat senang bisa sekolah di asrama ini. Sungguh mengasyikkan. Di rumah, aku selalu merasa bosan… tapi sungguh, kamu harus memaklumi sifatku. Aku tidak bisa berhenti bicara barang satu malam saja!\" kata Minhwa riang. \"Jadi, istilahnya setiap waktu kamu selalu bicara,\" komentar Kyungsoon. \"Benar! Jadi, waktu tidur pun aku berbicara. Istilah tepatnya mengigau! Tapi, bukan berarti aku cerewet, aku tidak suka orang cerewet. Aku hanya periang yang selalu menginginkan kesempatan untuk bicara, itu saja,\" kilah Minhwa membela diri. \"Jadi, kita harus membuat gabus untuk menutup telinga kita pada saat malam nanti! Aku yakin Minhwa akan terus mengigau sampai pagi,\" canda Hanmi. \"Kita harus menerima kenyataannya, Hanmi. Aku pikir membuat gabus itu tidak bijak—tidak menghargai orang lain. Aku kira sampai jam dua belas malam, lampu meja belajarku masih akan menyala. Aku akan menulis surat untuk paman-bibiku,\" ujar Hana tenang. \"Tidak boleh, Hana! Kamu harus tidur tepat jam sembilan malam dan bangun jam enam pagi. Seluruh murid di Saitha tahu aturan itu, kalau tidak ada yang tahu, keterlaluan. Dan, jika kamu melanggarnya, jangan harap kamu bisa berbelanja kartu pos untuk minggu depan,\" ancam Sena sambil berbelok menuju ruang makan. Hana hanya mendesah sedih. Begitu mereka memasuki ruangan makan yang telah dipenuhi murid-murid, Sena dan kelima temannya langsung menempati meja nomor tujuh, sesuai kamar mereka. Memang peraturannya begitu, setiap kelompok dalam satu kamar harus menempati meja berdasarkan nomor urut kamar mereka sendiri. \"Apa menu camilan hari ini, Mrs. Ling?\" tanya Minhwa kepada Mrs. Ling—juru masak Saitha yang bersuamikan tukang kebun di Saitha—dan seorang anak perempuan yang juga menempati sebuah ranjang di kamar nomor empat di Saitha. \"Kue ceri dan biskuit keju dengan biskuit cokelat yang disertai krim vanilla yang menjadi favorit seluruh anak di Saitha,\" jawab Mrs. Ling sambil menghidangkan secangkir teh hangat disertai secangkir gula yang akan dicampurnya ke dalam teh. Juga susu, penambah rasa nikmat. Begitu Mrs. Ling meninggalkan meja nomor tujuh, Minhwa menyadari kejanggalan baginya. \"Mrs. Ling tidak menghidangkan kue ceri dan biskuit keju serta biskuit cokelat dengan krim vanilanya!\" jerit Minhwa pelan, \"Ini penipuan. Aku mau protes.\" Minhwa hendak beranjak dari kursi saat Hana menarik lengan bajunya sambil menahan tawa. \"Hentikan, Minhwa,\" kata Hana. \"Lepaskan bajuku. Ini penipuan. Aku akan memprotes dan menghadap Haneul dan mengatakan bahwa meskipun Mrs. Ling masih muda, dia juga sudah pikun.\" Minhwa terus ngotot. \"Duduk, Minhwa. Jangan macam-macam. Kue ceri itu masih dalam panggangan dan biskuit keju belum dihidangkan karena memang belum matang. Biskuit cokelat belum disajikan di piring masing-masing, tidakkah kamu berpikir?\" kata Sena cekikikan. \"Camilan dan kue kering memang selalu dibagikan paling akhir,\" kata Hanmi, \"Dan jangan sentuh dulu cangkir tehmu itu! Belum waktunya untuk disantap, Haneul dan Euna belum juga datang. Mereka tidak rapat dengan kepala sekolah—maksudku Miss Hwang dan Mr. Lee, jadi mereka akan minum teh bersama-sama seluruh murid Saitha hari ini,\" lanjutnya. \"Aneh!\" komentar Minhwa sambil duduk kembali, \"Di rumahku, acara minum teh seperti ini, dalam satu baki sudah terdapat beberapa cangkir teh beserta kue tar cokelat dengan krim putih lembutnya. Walaupun seluruh anggota keluarga belum hadir semuanya, kami sudah diperbolehkan menghirup teh dan menyantap kue masing-masing!\" \"Di rumahku dulu juga begitu,\" kata Kyungsoon saat Mrs. Ling kembali membawa camilan serta kue kering yang dijanjikannya, \"Tapi sekarang di Saitha, jadi aku mematuhi peraturannya. Terima kasih, Mrs. Ling! Oh, ya, kalau Anda punya resep biskuit cokelat ini beserta cokelatnya, aku minta diajari hari Kamis. Terima kasih, Mrs. Ling!\" Minhwa langsung menarik cangkir gula yang berada di tengah meja. Begitu dia hendak menyendokkan gula ke dalam tehnya, tiba-tiba Sena menegurnya langsung. \"Ingat, Minhwa. Haneul mengatakan bahwa di sini tidak ada tempat perawatan gigi, meskipun ada, itu pun jauh dari asrama kita. Jadi, kamu hanya diizinkan memberi satu sampai dua sendok gula,\" kata Sena sambil mencampurkan susu ke dalam tehnya. \"Mengapa harus begitu? Gigiku terawat rapi. Biar pun aku makan gula sampai tiga sendok hari ini. Aku mau gula tiga sendok!\" Minhwa ngotot dan menambahkan dua sendok gula pada tehnya. \"Kamu harus ingat hari Pelaporan Berita, Minhwa!\" tegur Jea. Minhwa hampir tersedak. Ya, dia lupa hari Pelaporan Berita. Kalau Sena melaporkannya pada hari Minggu mendatang, Senin dia tidak bisa mendapat uang jajan. \"Sena…\" keluh Minhwa. \"Terlambat! Ini pertama kalinya kamu melanggar aturan. Kamu harus ingat, ini hari Selasa. Hanya lima hari lagi menuju hari Pelaporan Berita,\" kata Sena tak peduli. Dihirupnya teh sebelum menambahkan sedikit susu lagi. Minhwa jadi ingin meninggalkan ruang makan itu. Rasanya dia amat bersalah. \"Kamu mau ke mana, Minhwa? Ini belum waktunya untuk tidur,\" kata Hana saat menyadari Minhwa berbelok ke arah kamar mereka. \"Aku mau menulis surat. Ini sudah hari kedua aku di Saitha, dan aku belum mengabarkan berita apa pun kepada orangtuaku,\" kata Minhwa. \"Tidak ada seorang murid pun yang boleh menulis surat pada hari Selasa,\" tiba-tiba Sena menegurnya, \"Hari menulis dan mengirim surat adalah hari Kamis. Sekarang, kita akan ke ruang musik. Ikuti aku, Minhwa. Jika tidak, Haneul akan menaruh kembali 50 penny-mu ke kotak.\" ujar Sena lagi. \"Ruang musik?\" tanya Minhwa heran, \"Untuk apa kita ke sana? Sekarang, bukan waktunya pelajaran musik. Ada apakah di sana, Sena?\" tanya Minhwa kembali. \"Setiap jam lima sore anak kelas enam selalu memainkan piano dan memainkan karya mereka sendiri,\" jelas Kyungsoon. \"Lalu apa hubungannya? Toh, kita tidak punya urusan apa-apa dengan lagu-lagu mereka,\" kata Minhwa heran. \"Itu memang selalu menjadi acara sebelum kita bersiap memakai piama dan tidur jam delapan nanti,\" bisik Hana. \"Aku menyukai acara ini karena setelah mereka main, mereka akan menawari penonton untuk memainkan salah satu alat musik yang ada di ruang musik itu,\" Hana menatap Minhwa dengan mata berbinar. \"Aku memainkan biola. Di sana, ada biola dan aku selalu mengacungkan tangan pertama untuk bermain biola,\" lanjutnya. Minhwa terperangah. \"Hei, acara itu tak boleh dilewatkan!\" serunya perlahan, \"Aku main piano. Aku juga akan memainkan piano di sana.\" tutur Minhwa. \"Kita coba duet di sana saja,\" usul Hana. \"Hara dan Jin dari kelas empat nanti juga akan duet suling dengan gitar,\" lanjut Hana lagi. \"Ide bagus,\" kata Minhwa gembira, \"Kita main lagu apa? Kamu bisa main lagu Lullaby?\" \"Bisa, itu lagu terfavoritku semenjak aku datang ke Saitha. Tapi, kita belum latihan,\" ujar Hana. \"Lullaby itu lagu yang cukup mudah, aku hafal not-not dan tanda musiknya. Apa kamu sudah hafal lagunya? Kalau sudah hafal sih, beres, tinggal melatih kelancaran saja,\" saran Minhwa. \"Aku yakin bisa,\" kata Hana menatap. \"Ayolah!\" Sepasang sahabat itu tertawa dan berjalan menuju ruang musik. Betul-betul acara yang menyenangkan di Saitha! ","Summary":" Events in Saitha \"Sudah lebih dari dua jam kita bermain. Ayo, kita kembali ke asrama!\" kata Sena "},{"Movie":"Extreme Movie","Title":"White Day","Author":"CaramelHopie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10136665","Passage":"[Chapter 1] White Day… Gadis itu berjalan menyusuri trotoar, dengan rambutnya yang terusap angin sejuk di pagi hari itu. Kedua telinganya disumbat oleh earphone miliknya. Kepalanya bergoyang mengikuti irama lagu yang didengarnya, sambil memejamkan matanya menikmati lagu yang sedang didengarnya. Sebentar lagi bel berbunyi. Akhirnya, gadis itu mempercepat langkahnya sampai telinga kanannya terbebas dari earphone . Gadis yang berkulit putih itu berlari dan memasuki gerbang sekolahnya dan menaiki tangga dan mencari kelasnya, dia tampak bingung karena ini pertama kalinya dia memasuki sekolah internasional ini. Pertama kali? Betul. Karena dia adalah murid baru dan hari ini adalah hari pertamanya dia memasuki sekolah yang menurutnya masih asing. Akhirnya, Jea—nama gadis itu pun menemukan kelasnya. Dia mengetuk pintu kelasnya dengan pelan. Tak lama, muncullah seorang perempuan separuh baya yang memakai kacamata, dengan rambut berwarna keemasan, dengan senyumnya yang ramah. Jea pun tertunduk malu karena terlambat. Malu, ya. Dia adalah murid baru, namun sudah terlambat. Perempuan separuh baya itu ternyata wali kelasnya yang masih berumur dua puluh satu tahun. Perempuan itu menyilangkan tangannya di dada sambil tersenyum dan mengangguk. Itu berarti, Jea boleh memasuki kelasnya. Dia pun berjalan sambil mendengus kesal karena dia sangat malu dan hampir ditertawai semua murid. \"Siapa namamu?\" tanya perempuan itu, Ms. Park, tersenyum dan berjalan ke arah bangku Jea. Karena sangat gugup, dia pun menulis nama lengkapnya di secarik kertas menggunakan pulpen miliknya yang bertinta hitam. Hwang Jea. Ya, itulah yang terulis di secarik kertas itu. Ms. Park mengambil kertas itu dan membaca nama lengkap Jea. Lalu, sesaat kemudian, perempuan itu menepuk keningnya. \"Ya ampun, aku lupa. Kau adalah murid baru, ya? Baiklah, silakan perkenalkan dirimu. Maaf, aku adalah wali kelas baru di sini, menggantikan Mr. Hwang yang sudah pindah,\" ujar Ms. Park dan menyuruh Jea untuk memperkenalkan dirinya. Jea pun bangkit dari bangkunya dan berjalan menuju ke depan kelas dengan pelan. Dia melihat sekeliling. Semua murid masih menatap gerak-geriknya. Akhirnya, dia pun memberanikan diri untuk memperkenalkan dirinya. \"Euhh… Annyeong … Joneun Hwang Jea imnida. Bangapseumnida… Kamsahamnida… \" ujar Jea sambil membungkuk. Teman-temannya tidak menyahut, mereka masih menatapi Jea dengan tatapan kosong. Ms. Park pun bertepuk tangan, lalu menyuruhnya untuk duduk kembali. Dia mendengus kembali dan segera duduk di bangkunya yang berada di barisan deret ketiga pojok kiri dari depan. Salah seorang temannya menertawakannya karena Jea sering terlambat, sementara gadis yang berambut panjang lembut itu hanya mendengus dan melirik ke arah perempuan yang menertawakannya itu. \"Hmmmpf,\" dengusnya. Dia menyilangkan tangannya di dada, lalu mengeluarkan buku paket, buku tulis, dan alat tulis miliknya yang baru dibeli seminggu yang lalu. Itu terlihat dari buku-bukunya yang masih mulus bebas dari coretan, robekan, bahkan lecek. \"Baiklah, kita mulai pelajaran hari ini,\" tukas Ms. Park membuka buku Sejarah-nya dan membuka halaman 62. Setelah menjelaskan, beliau memberi semua murid tugas. \"Kerjakan halaman enam puluh empat sampai halaman enam puluh lima,\" ujar Ms. Park. Semuanya langsung mengerjakan tugasnya masing-masing. Tak terasa, bel istirahat sudah berbunyi. Semua murid berhamburan keluar kelas dan menyebabkan satu sekolah riuh dan gaduh karena suara anak-anak dari kelas 1-1 sampai kelas 3-1. Sementara Jea yang masih duduk di bangku kelas 2-1 pun hanya terdiam di bangkunya, sambil mencorat-coret buku tulis kosongnya di bagian belakang. Gadis itu mencorat-coret bukunya menggunakan pulpen, dan menulis. I hope that someone will be mine forever . Dia menulis kalimat itu beberapa kali, namun dengan tulisan yang tidak beraturan, sampai salah satu temannya pun menegurnya. Dia adalah teman sebangku Jea, yaitu Hanmi. \"Kamu mengapa melamun saja? Tidak ingin keluar?\" tanya Hanmi. Gadis yang terkenal suka menghibur dan lucu ini menggoyangkan tangannya di depan wajah Jea. Namun, Jea tetap tidak merespon. Dia mencorat-coret bukunya lagi. \"Lagi menulis apa, sih?\" Hanmi yang juga terkenal serampangan pun langsung menyambar buku tulis milik Jea. Alhasil, Jea bangkit dari bangkunya dan memukul meja sekolah. BRAAAK! Jea memukul mejanya menggunakan buku paket Sejarah yang tebal sambil menahan amarahnya. Hanmi pun mengembalikan bukunya kepada Jea, namun karena sangat takutnya, dia melempar buku tulisnya sampai ke belakang kelas. Jea pun mendengus lagi, lagi, dan lagi, sambil mengambil buku tulisnya yang berada di meja bangku seorang laki-kaki. Meja siapa, nih? pikirnya sambil melihat ke kolong meja bangku anak lelaki itu. Jea belum mengenal semua nama murid di kelas 2-1, maklumlah, dia sangat penasaran dan sangat ingin mengetahui nama semua murid kelas 2-1. Jea pun tanpa sepengetahuan anak lelaki itu mengambil secarik kertas yang sudah diremas-remas, dan segera membaca kata-kata yang ditulis anak lelaki itu menggunakan pensil dengan tulisan yang bagus. Anak lelaki itu menggambar seorang anak perempuan dan mirip sekali dengan Jea. I love you so much, _ . Begitulah tulisannya. Jea tidak mengetahui siapa yang sebenarnya anak lelaki itu cintai dan sukai. Tanpa sepengetahuan Jea, anak lelaki itu pun memasuki kelas dan sangat terkejut melihat Jea memegang secarik kertas itu. \"Ah!\" teriaknya sambil berlari, lalu menyambar secarik kertas miliknya. Dia pun meremas kembali dan membuangnya ke tempat sampah yang berada di sebelah meja Ms. Park—ya, meja guru. \"Jangan sembarangan buka! Ini bukan milikmu!\" serunya dengan wajah merah merona. Dia pun segera duduk di bangkunya dan bertopang dagu. Jea hanya mengucapkan maaf sambil membungkuk. Anak lelaki itu yang ternyata bernama Namjoon, hampir menangis. Tak lama, butiran air mata menurun dari kedua mata Namjoon dan menetes sampai ke leher. Jea pun kaget melihatnya. \"E-eh, kamu, mengapa kamu menangis?\" tanya Jea dengan takutnya. Dia sampai duduk di meja guru. Sangat takut. Sampai akhirnya… PRAAANG! Oh, tidak. Vas bunga milik kelas 2-1 pecah! Bunga melati asli yang dibawa oleh Namjoon itu pun akhirnya tergeletak di atas lantai di depan mejanya. Alhasil, Namjoon pun terduduk dan mengambil bunga melatinya. Jea pun terbelalak, lalu segera menyapu pecahan vas bunga itu dengan terburu-buru. Namjoon ingin menamparnya, tetapi ditahan oleh seorang anak lelaki lagi yang terlihat tegas. \"Jangan macam-macam dengan perempuan,\" tukas lelaki itu sambil menahan tangan Namjoon. Lelaki itu pun melepaskan tangan Namjoon sambil memiringkan kepalanya, dengan tersenyum sinis. \"Kau… Argh, Jimin! Kenapa kau ikut campur saja dengan urusanku?!\" bentak Namjoon. Dia pun akhirnya menonjok wajah lelaki itu yang ternyata bernama Park Jimin itu. Dia hanya kesakitan dan menahan amarahnya, dan membalas menonjok wajah sang Ketua Kelas itu, Namjoon. Jea pun melerai mereka dengan cara berteriak. \"STOP! Jangan bertengkar!\" teriak Jea sambil memukul meja guru dengan penghapus whiteboard . Keduanya pun berhenti dan menatap Jea. Jimin pun mendengus kesal, lalu berjalan keluar kelas dan segera memasuki kelasnya, kelas 2-2 yang bersebelahan dengan kelas Jea. Namjoon pun menatap Jea. Dia menggenggam tangan Jea dengan erat. \"Jea,\" ucapnya pelan dan mendekatkan wajahnya kepada wajah Jea. Jea pun menutup matanya dan segera menjawab pertanyaan Namjoon. \"Hhh… Eungh… Ne , Namjoon oppa ?\" tanya Jea menjawab dengan masih mata tertutup. Perlahan, Namjoon semakin mendekati wajahnya dan mengecup bibir merah Jea. Akhirnya, wajah Jea pun menjadi merah merona menahan malu. \"Jea… S-sebenarnya… Sudah lama… Aku jatuh cinta padamu… Kamu… Mau nggak… Jadian denganku?\" rayu Namjoon yang masih memeluk tubuh Jea dengan erat. Sementara gadis itu pun berpikir sebentar, lalu… mengangguk pelan. Namjoon pun sangat senang. Akhirnya, gadis yang disukai dan dicintainya ini sekarang menjadi pacarnya. Ya, ternyata, kunci jawaban dari secarik kertas itu adalah H W A N G J E A . Ya, Namjoon menyukai dan mencintai Jea. Saat keluar kelas, Namjoon menggandeng tangan Jea. Semua murid pun terkagum-kagum karena sang Ketua Kelas yang dikenal pendiam dan pemalu ternyata sudah memiliki couple , dan bisa disebut NamJea Couple . Jimin yang mengetahui berita itu, hanya mendengus kesal dan hanya melirik Namjoon sambil memutar bola matanya. Sementara Namjoon pun tersenyum sinis dan berkata dengan bahasa isyarat. \" Akhirnya aku bisa mendapatkannya. Kau mungkin tidak akan bisa! \" begitu arti dari isyarat Namjoon. Jimin pun berlari kembali ke kelas dan duduk di bangkunya sambil mencorat-coret buku tulisnya di bagian belakang. Jea pun tersenyum malu saat digandeng tangannya dengan Namjoon. Salah satu sahabat Namjoon—yaitu Jin, hanya tersenyum dan berbisik, \" Congratulations for you , Namjoon,\" bisiknya dengan senang. Jin yang terkenal sangat populer pun langsung dikejar oleh para gadis dari kelas atas. Jin pun berlari dan akhirnya dia tertangkap oleh beberapa gadis kelas atas. Namjoon pun mengangkat kedua jempolnya sambil tersenyum bahagia. Salah satu sahabat Jea—Sena pun mengucapkan congratulations for you juga kepada Jea. Lalu dia pun segera memasuki kerumunan para gadis dan menarik tangan Jin. Ya, Jin menyukai dan sangat mencintai Sena. Mereka sudah berpacaran sejak kelas satu SMA. Tak terasa, bel sudah berbunyi nyaring. Semua murid langsung berhamburan kembali memasuki kelas dan duduk di tempatnya masing-masing. Pelajaran terakhir adalah Sains. Hari ini adalah percobaan. Jadi, semua murid kelas 2-1 segera memakai jas laboratorium dan pergi ke laboratorium Kimia. Saat pulang sekolah, Jea pun mengajak Namjoon untuk pulang bersama. \"Namjoon, pulang bersama, yuk?\" ajak Jea. Namjoon menggeleng kuat, dia segera berlari keluar kelas dan menuruni tangga dengan cepat, sampailah dia di depan gerbang sekolah yang besar dan megah itu. Namun, tanpa sepengetahuan Jea, Namjoon tengah merangkul seorang gadis dari kelas 2-3. Terlihat Namjoon sedang mengecup pipi gadis itu dengan penuh cinta dan kasih sayang. Jea pun menggaruk kepala belakangnya dengan bingung mengapa Namjoon tidak mau pulang bersamanya. Akhirnya, dia berhenti memikirkan itu dan menyandang ranselnya lalu cepat-cepat menuruni tangga. Di saat kejadian Namjoon sedang mengecup pipi gadis itu, Sena tak sengaja berjalan di belakang Namjoon, dan segera mengambil foto menggunakan handphone miliknya, di saat adegan Namjoon sedang mengecup pipi gadis itu. Dia pun cepat-cepat mengabari Jea, sambil menunggu Jea di depan gerbang sekolah. Jea pun berlari keluar gerbang dan melihat Sena sedang bersandar di tiang listrik, dia pun tersenyum dan melambaikan tangannya. Jea dan Sena pun segera pulang bersama. Mungkin, ini belum waktu yang tepat untuk menceritakan bahwa Namjoon selingkuh , batin Sena dalam hati. Mereka pun sampai di pertigaan dan berpisah di sana. Jea pun berjalan lemas menuju rumahnya dan masih bingung mengapa Namjoon menolak mentah-mentah untuk pulang bersamanya. Apa aku ada salah dengannya? Perasaan tidak… pikir Jea dalam hati. Dia pun mengeluarkan handphone -nya dan mendengarkan lagu. Saat dia sedang fokus melihat telepon genggamnya, ada mobil melaju kencang. Akhirnya… \"AWAS, JEA!\" teriak seseorang sambil mendorong gadis yang telinganya sedang disumbat oleh earphone putih miliknya. Jea pun terjatuh di depan tiang listrik dan alhasil lelaki yang menyelamatkannya pun tertabrak mobil itu. Namun, si pengemudi langsung melarikan diri karena sangat takut. Wajah lelaki itu sangat dikenal oleh Jea. Itu… Itu Jimin! Jea pun langsung berlari ke tempat kecelakaan itu terjadi. Terlihat wajah Jimin yang putih bersih itu berdarah dibagian dahi dan hidungnya, juga bibirnya. Semua orang yang berada di sekitar sana pun langsung mengerubungi mereka. Perlahan, kedua mata Jimin yang jernih bak air danau pun terbuka. Dia melihat Jea sedang menangis. \"J-Jea…\" ucapnya pelan, lalu mengelus kepala Jea dengan lembut. Jea pun berhenti menangis dan memeluk tubuh Jimin. \"Jimin… Kau… Kau tak apa-apa?\" tanya Jea terus menangis di pelukan Jimin. Jimin pun tersenyum perlahan dan berkata, \"Aku tidak apa-apa… Mungkin…\" Lalu, Jimin pun tak sadarkan diri kembali. Semua orang pun membawanya ke rumah sakit terdekat. Jea tidak bisa ikut karena dia harus segera pulang. Aku akan mendoakanmu lewat sini , batin Jea sambil memegang dadanya. Ya, dia akan mendoakan Jimin lewat hatinya. Hatinya yang paling dalam. Saat sampai di rumah, Sena pun sedang duduk di kursi teras rumah Jea sambil menangis. Entah mengapa Sena menangis. Mungkin karena kasihan bahwa Jea hanya dimanfaatkan oleh Namjoon. Padahal, begitu sayangnya Jea kepada Namjoon. Tetapi, Jea juga menyayangi Jimin. \"Sena, mengapa kau menangis?\" tanya Jea sambil mengusap air mata Sena dengan tangannya, lalu tersenyum iba. Sena pun menyerahkan handphone miliknya dan menunjukkan foto itu. Perlahan, Jea mengeluarkan air mata dan menaruh kembali telepon genggam milik Sena. Sena pun mengelus pundak Jea dengan pelan. \"Betapa teganya Namjoon!\" teriak Jea sambil terus menangis, matanya mulai sembap. Jea pun segera menceritakan semuanya tentang Namjoon, juga kecelakaan terhadap Jimin. Jea pun tambah menangis saja. Sena pun memeluk Jimin sambil mengelus punggungnya. Paginya… BRAAAK! Jea memukul meja Namjoon. \"BETAPA TEGANYA KAU!\" teriak Jea sambil menahan air matanya yang ingin keluar. Namjoon pun membalas pukulan Jea. \"Apa maumu? Sebenarnya ada apa?!\" teriak Namjoon dengan kasar. Jea pun menunjukkan foto saat Namjoon sedang merangkul gadis itu. \"Keterlaluan,\" ujar Jea dengan pelan, lalu menangis perlahan. Namjoon pun sangat terkejut. \"Kau kan, pacarku! Kau selingkuh! Aku benci!\" seru Jea yang ingin menampar Namjoon. Namjoon pun menahannya dan membela dirinya. \"Aku juga tidak menyukaimu! Aku hanya menyukaimu karena cantik! Bukan dengan perilakumu. Aku hanya memanfaatkanmu. Siapa kamu? Perempuan pembawa sial,\" tukas Namjoon sambil duduk di bangkunya kembali. Jea pun seharian menangis, sementara sahabat-sahabatnya terus mendukung Jea. Pulangnya, Jea mengunjungi Jimin ke rumah sakit. \"Jimin!\" serunya sambil memeluk Jimin yang masih terbaring lemah. Perlahan… Matanya terbuka dan tersenyum lemas kepada Jea. \"J-Jea… Maafkan kesalahanku selama ini, ya... A-aku… Ingin bicara s-s-s-sesuatu p-padamu…\" kata Jimin sambil terbata-bata, dan menggenggam tangan Jea dengan erat. Jea pun perlahan air matanya keluar dan mencium dahi Jimin dengan waktu lama. Jimin pun memejamkan matanya dan berbicara dengan terbata-bata. \"A-aku… J-j-jatuh c-cinta… P-p-padamu…\" Jimin pun bangun pelan dan memeluk Jea dengan erat. Jea memejamkan matanya sambil menangis, lalu membalas pelukan Jimin. Jea pun mengangguk dan berkata sambil sesenggukan, \"A… Aku juga…\" isak Jea. Jimin pun memberi sebuah kotak berwarna pink dengan pita berwarna silver . Dia pun menggenggam tangan Jea dan memberi kotak itu sambil tersenyum. \"Ini… Hadiah white day … Aku harap kamu senang menerimanya… Terima kasih, ya…\" Jimin pun tersenyum dan mengecup bibir Jea, lalu… Tuuuuut… Detak jantung Jimin berhenti. Jea pun menangis kencang. \"Jimin, Jimin! Jimin, jangan tinggalkan aku! Jimiiiinn!\" teriak Jea mengguncangkan tubuh Jimin dan terus menangis di pelukan Jimin. Saat pemakaman Jimin. Jea memakai baju berwarna serbahitam. Jasad Jimin pun dibawa ke makamnya yang tidak jauh dari kotanya. Akhirnya, selesailah proses penguburan jasad lelaki yang sangat berjasa bagi Jea itu. Jea pun tersenyum sambil mengusap batu nisannya. Semoga, amal ibadahmu diterima Tuhan… Amin… batin Jea berdoa dalam hati, sambil memejamkan matanya. Dia pun mencium sudut batu nisan itu dan kembali pulang. [ Maaf ya… Garing… ] ","Summary":" White Day… Gadis itu berjalan menyusuri trotoar, dengan rambutnya yang terusap angin sejuk di pagi "},{"Movie":"Extreme Movie","Title":"TaoRis Moments","Author":"CaramelHopie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10103043","Passage":"[Chapter 1] TaoRis Fanfiction Pintu masuk kantor sudah dikunci. Aku pun segera masuk ke dalam mobil dan menuju arah pulang. Namun, sebelumnya, ada yang mencegahku untuk pergi. \"Hei, Kris!\" sapa seseorang kepadaku. Aku segera turun dari mobil dan mendengar dari mana sumber suara itu. Ternyata, itu Tao. \"Hey,\" sapaku sambil tersenyum. Tao merangkulku dan berbisik, \"Enak, kan, kalau dirangkul olehku? Hangat?\" Tao mendekatkan wajahnya kepadaku. Aku menjauhkan wajahku dan berkata, \"Tentu. Tapi tolong, jauhkan wajahmu dulu,\" ucapku dingin. Tao yang dikenal sangat sensitif pun menjawab dan menghindar. \"Kenapa? Kau tak suka padaku?\" cetusnya. Aku hanya menunduk. \"Bukan itu, aku tidak mau kau melakukan…\" ucapanku terpotong oleh Tao. \"Apa? Bilang saja kau tidak ingin bersamaku lagi. Akhir-akhir ini, kau menjadi berubah, Hyung. Kau ini kenapa, sih?\" tanya Tao. Aku hanya mengangkat bahu dan masuk ke dalam mobil. Kulihat, di dalam mobil sudah ada dia. Ya, Tao. \"Apa yang sedang kau lakukan di mobilku? Memangnya aku sudah mengizinkan kau memasuki mobilku? Kau masuk begitu saja,\" ucapku dingin lagi. \"Tidak, Hyung. Aku hanya…\" Tao mendekatkan wajahnya kepadaku lagi. Aku mendorong tubuhnya. \"Tidak! Aku tidak mau kau begitu! Sekarang, keluar dari mobilku,\" Bukannya Tao pergi, Tao semakin dekat di wajahku. \"Apa… Tao!\" Aku tak sengaja mendekatkan wajahku juga. Akhirnya, kami melakukan yang seharusnya tak pantas kami lakukan. \"Ah!\" Tao menjilat bibirnya. Aku hanya menunduk kesal. \"Kita melakukan first …\" Aku membekap mulut Tao. \"Sssh! Kalau ngomong, jangan macam-macam!\" Aku memberinya sebotol air minum. \"Nih, minumlah. Kau pasti haus, kan?\" tanyaku membuka tutup botol dan aku segera minum. \"Aku mau coba mengulangi hal yang tadi,\" gumam Tao. Aku hampir tersedak, lalu menatapnya. \"A-apa? Tidak tidak. Aku tidak ingin,\" lalu tiba-tiba, Tao memelukku dengan erat. Aku berusaha menghindarinya, tetapi dia tetap saja memelukku. Akhirnya, dengan pelan… Aku membalas pelukannya. \"Tao, seharusnya kau pulang. Ini sudah hampir malam,\" saranku kepadanya. Tao menggeleng. \"Aku ingin bersamamu,\" tukasnya sambil tersenyum lebar dan mencium dahiku. Aku hanya menutup mata dan menghela napas, lalu menjalankan mobilku. \" I'm home ,\" kataku memasuki rumah. \"Tidak ada siapa-siapa?\" tanya Tao melihat sekeliling rumahku. \"Mungkin. Kau mau ke atas?\" tawarku. Tao mengangguk cepat, \"Aku hanya ingin mengikutimu terus, aku tidak mau terpisah denganmu,\" kata-kata dari mulut Tao membuatku sangat curiga. Apa dia menyukaiku? Apa dia mencintaiku? Dia ini seperti perempuan. \"Kamu ini, kenapa lebih nyaman denganku? Bukannya dengan Lay, ya?\" tanyaku bingung, bingung, dan terus bingung. Aku segera memasuki kamar dan berbaring di kasurku yang empuk. \"Hei! Kau ini pemalas, ya. Ganti baju dulu, ini sudah malam,\" ingat Tao mendekatkan wajahnya ke wajahku. \"Cukup. Kau tidak perlu berperilaku seperti ini. Aku tidak kuat,\" cetusku sambil menahannya. Tao hanya menggelengkan kepala lalu, tiba-tiba… \"Ah!\" Tangannya terpeleset karena tidak kuat menahan dan dia semakin dekat di wajahku. S… Sebenarnya aku nyaman jika kau seperti ini, Tao… batinku. \"Aku bersih-bersih dulu, ya,\" sahutku memasuki kamar mandi. Tao pun tersenyum dan berbaring di tempat tidur. Tak lama setelah aku mandi, Tao tertidur lelap. Ya ampun, bagaimana aku tidur, dia ini tidurnya sangat tidak 'beraturan' , cetusku dalam hati. Aku berusaha untuk menggendongnya ke atas kasur. Dia memang tertidur di lantai. Aku takut dia masuk angin… Setelah menggendongnya, aku bersiap-siap untuk tidur. Tak lama, Tao bergerak dan memelukku tiba-tiba. Mataku melotot seketika, lalu melirik ke arahnya, lalu aku berbalik arah dan aku pun tertidur. Tao pun terbangun dan menyadari aku sudah tidur. \" I love you ,\" bisiknya di telingaku. ","Summary":" TaoRis Fanfiction Pintu masuk kantor sudah dikunci. Aku pun segera masuk ke dalam mobil dan menuju "},{"Movie":"Extreme Movie","Title":"Jea x Jimin (OC)","Author":"CaramelHopie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10108206","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Jea x Jimin (OC) Gadis itu melihat ke arah arlojinya yang berwarna putih. Setelah beberapa detik dia menatap arlojinya, gadis itu pun mendesah pelan dan berlari sedikit lebih cepat untuk sampai di sebuah gedung yang sangat besar. Ya, tentu saja sekolahnya. Tak perlu heran, sudah pasti, dilihat dari gerak-gerik gadis itu, dia pasti terlambat sekolah. Ya, sekarang sudah pukul setengah delapan. Kegiatan pembelajaran pun sudah dimulai. Gadis itu yang bernama Hwang Jea atau Jea, memang sering terlambat ke sekolah, karena jarak sekolah dari rumahnya memang cukup jauh. Dia terus berlari menaiki tangga dan menuju kelasnya, 2-1. Sampai di kelas, seorang guru menatapnya tajam, dan tentunya semua murid melihat ke arah pintu kelas. Ya, Jea memang sedang di depan pintu kelas. Gurunya hanya mengangguk pelan, sambil mengetuk-ngetuk meja guru dengan spidolnya. Dia membetulkan letak kacamatanya, dan menyilangkan tangannya di dada. Gurunya tidak suka bila melihat muridnya yang datang terlambat, karena dia adalah wali kelas Jea. Gurunya yang bernama Mrs. Ling, tetap menatap Jea dengan tajam. Sementara, Jea hanya bisa mendesah dan menunduk, lalu kata-katanya keluar dari mulutnya. \" I'm sorry, Mistress. I'm late again ,\" desahnya. Mrs. Ling tidak menjawab, lalu menatap Jea dari kepala sampai kaki. Sudah tidak perlu ditanya lagi, beliau pasti sedang melihat cara berpakaian Jea. Jea memang rapi. Rambutnya rapi, berseragam rapi, namun dia melanggar satu peraturan. Bila masuk kelas, tidak boleh memakai jaket. Tetapi, Jea adalah murid baru di Saitha Senior High School ini. Dia baru seminggu bersekolah di sini. Jadi, wajar saja Jea belum mengetahui semua peraturan sekolah. Jea pun masih memakai jaket. \"Hwang Jea,\" ucap Mrs. Ling memanggil Jea. Gadis cantik itu mengangkat dagunya dan menatap Mrs. Ling. Jea masih berdiri di depan pintu kelas, semua murid pun masih menatapnya, lalu mereka tertawa. \"Cukup!\" bentak Mrs. Ling memukul meja dengan penghapus whiteboard . Semua murid pun terdiam dan mengerjakan tugas apa yang diberikan oleh beliau. \"Hwang Jea!\" panggil Mrs. Ling sekali lagi. Beliau pun berjalan semakin dekat, mengakibatkan lantai berbunyi karena suara dari high heels -nya yang berwarna hitam. \"Eum… Yes, Miss ?\" jawab Jea dengan gugup. Mrs. Ling melihat pakaian Jea. Jea hanya melihat dirinya, lalu Mrs. Ling menegurnya kembali. \"Lepas jaketmu, dan segera duduk di bangkumu!\" bentak Mrs. Ling sangat keras. Jea hanya bisa mendesah lagi. Dia pun melepas jaketnya dan berjalan pelan menuju bangkunya yang berada di sebelah bangku sahabatnya, Yoon Sena. Jea duduk dengan pelan. Jea tidak mengeluarkan apapun dari ranselnya. Dia hanya mengeluarkan buku tulis kosong dan tempat pensil miliknya. Sena pun semakin bingung. \"Keluarkan segera buku Matematikamu!\" bisik Sena melirik Mrs. Ling yang masih melihat gerak-gerik Jea. Jea tidak berkutik, dan meraba isi ranselnya. Buku Matematikaku… Ya ampun. Aku malah menyiapkan buku untuk besok… keluh Jea dalam hati. \"Jea!\" bisik Sena lagi. Jea melirik Sena dan mengatakan bahwa Jea pinjam buku Matematika milik Sena. Dia berbicara kepada Sena menggunakan bahasa isyarat. Tentu saja Sena mengerti, karena Sena yang mengajarkannya bahasa isyarat menggunakan tangan. \"A-apa? Tak kusangka. Kau ini terlalu buru-buru, ya. Hmmffh… Baiklah. Ini bukunya,\" Sena pun menyerahkan buku Matematika miliknya dan menggoyangkan pensil mekaniknya. Jea pun berbisik, \"Kita pakai buku ini berdua saja,\" Sena melirik Jea, lalu mengangguk dan tersenyum. Mrs. Ling pun duduk di bangkunya dan berkata, \"Jea, apakah kau lupa membawa buku Matematika lagi?\" tegur beliau sambil mengetuk-ngetuk meja menggunakan tangan kanannya. Jea pun menatap Mrs. Ling, lalu mengangguk pelan. Semua murid pun tertuju ke arah tempat duduk Jea. \"Hmmph… I… Iya, Mistress. I'm so sorry , aku menyiapkan buku pelajaran bukan untuk hari ini, melainkan untuk besok,\" keluh Jea kembali. Sena hanya menatap Jea. Sena merasa kasihan karena sahabatnya sering ditegur dan dihukum oleh wali kelasnya sendiri, Mrs. Ling. \"Bukan Jea, Mistress, tetapi saya…\" tiba-tiba Sena berbicara sambil mengacungkan jari telunjuknya. \"Saya heran denganmu, Sena. Kau ini adalah anak paling teladan di kelas 2-1, tetapi mengapa bisa lupa membawa buku pelajaran? Dan Jea…\" kata-kata Mrs. Ling pun terpotong oleh Sena. \"Benar, Mistress. Saya lupa membawa buku Matematika,\" ucap Sena mengedipkan sebelah matanya kepada Jea. Jea hanya menunduk dan tersenyum sendiri. Mrs. Ling hanya mengangguk dan melanjutkan kegiatan pembelajaran. Bel yang terpampang di tembok dekat meja piket pun ditekan oleh salah seorang guru piket. Saatnya istirahat. Semua murid berhamburan keluar kelas. Tetapi—Jea, Sena, Hanmi, dan Minhwa, empat sahabat itu pun pergi ke lapangan untuk berlatih basket. Mereka akan mewakili sekolah untuk mengikuti pertandingan olahraga basket antarsekolah. \"Jea, ke lapangan, yuk! Mau ikut latihan basket, nggak?\" tawar Sena membawa bola basketnya, dan berjalan keluar kelas. Jea menutup resleting ranselnya dan berlari keluar kelas sambil mengangguk. Sudah pasti, itu tandanya dia ingin ikut latihan. Di lapangan, sudah ada Mira, Hara, Heera, dan Nayoung. Mereka pun berlatih. Jea, Sena, Hanmi, dan Minhwa melawan Mira, Hara, Heera, dan Nayoung. \"Sena!\" teriak Jea melempar bola basket kepada Sena. Sena menangkap bolanya, lalu berlari dan berusaha menghindari halangan Nayoung. Sena sudah mendekati ring. Dia memantulkan bola basketnya lalu memasukannya ke dalam ring basket. \" Nice shoot , Sena!\" puji Heera menepuk pundak Sena. Wajah Sena pun merah merona menahan malu. Jea, Hanmi, dan Minhwa tersenyum. \"Jea, nice pass !\" seru Sena. Jea hanya tersenyum dan mengambil botol minum miliknya. Sena pun melihat seorang laki-laki dari kelas sebelah yang bernama Park Jimin. Selama latihan berlangsung, dia melihat gerak-gerik Jea terus. Sena yang terkenal gadis yang jahil pun menyenggol lengan Jea. \"Aduh!\" Jea yang hampir tersedak pun merintih kesakitan. \"Hehehe… Sorry , ya! Tapi, lihat deh, itu Jimin, kan?\" Sena menunjuk anak itu. Jimin. Ya, dia sedang duduk di kursi dekat lapangan, sambil menendang batu kerikil beberapa kali. Jimin mendesah pelan, lalu menatap ke atas langit yang berwarna biru, sambil mengamati awan-awan yang berwarna putih bersih. \"Andai saja kamu tahu perasaanku, Jea…\" ucap Jimin pelan. Sena yang tidak sengaja mendengarnya pun berlari mendekati Jimin. \"Jimin!\" seru Sena melambaikan tangannya. Jimin pun hampir terjatuh dari kursi dan menoleh kepada Sena, lalu tersenyum. Sena pun duduk di sebelah lelaki itu. \"Kau suka Jea, ya? Ayo, mengaku saja!\" Sena menepuk pundak Jimin. Jimin hanya tersenyum kecut, lalu menggelengkan kepalanya. Sena yang sangat jahil pun terus menggoda Jimin. \"Sena sedang apa, sih, dengan Jimin?\" Jea pun akhirnya menyadari Sena hilang. Sena mengobrol dengan Jimin, dan sepertinya Jimin tampak merah merona. Akhirnya, Jea pun memutuskan untuk datang ke kursi panjang di dekat lapangan. \"Kalian, mesra banget, deh!\" goda Jea. Sena pun hanya glares kepada Jea dan menyuruh Jea duduk di sebelah Jimin. Wajah Jimin pun menjadi merah dan semakin merah merona. Aku… Duduk dekat Jea! batinnya. \"Duh, apaan, sih!\" Jea pun membersihkan noda yang tertempel di rok putihnya. \"Jimin ingin mengutarakan per…\" Jimin pun membungkam mulut Sena. Sena hanya bisa meronta. Jea pun semakin heran. \"Jea…\" Jimin menunduk pelan dengan wajah yang masih merah merona. \"Ya? Ada apa?\" tanya Jea pelan sambil tersenyum manis. Jimin hanya bisa berkata dalam hati, Ya ampun, senyummu itu… Ah! Jimin memukul kepalanya berkali-kali. Sena dan Jea hanya melihat gerak-gerik Jimin yang sangat aneh. \"Ayo, dong…\" bujuk Sena kepada Jimin. Jea tambah bingung saja. Dia kembali duduk di bangku itu dan bertanya kepada Jimin. \"H… Hwang Jea? A… Aku… Sudah lama suka padamu,\" Jimin mengatakan itu dengan suara yang semakin pelan. Jea pun terkejut bukan main. Kau tidak tahu, Jimin? Aku juga jatuh cinta padamu… Jea pun tersenyum dan mengangguk, lalu mengedipkan sebelah matanya. \"Iya, aku mengerti. Aku juga sebenarnya…\" ucapan Jea pun terpotong lagi oleh Sena. \"Sebenarnya, Jea juga jatuh cinta padamu!\" seru Sena yang tidak bisa diam itu. Jea hanya membungkam mulut Jea, sambil menatap Jimin, dengan keringat yang mengucur dari dahi sampai lehernya. \"A… Aku juga… Suka padamu,\" kata Jea menunduk pelan. Jimin pun terkejut juga. Tanpa sengaja, Jimin memeluk tubuh Jea dan mengecup dahi Jea berkali-kali. \"J… Jimin…\" Jea pun senang bukan main. Sena yang tidak mau ikut campur urusan mereka pun berlari ke lapangan. Jimin pun menggenggam tangan Jea. \"Latihan basket bersama, yuk?\" ajak Jimin. Jea mengangguk, lalu mereka pun bermain basket bersama. [ HAHAHA MAAF YA TERLALU GARING MAAF MAAF MIANHAEYO ] ","Summary":" Jea x Jimin (OC) Gadis itu melihat ke arah arlojinya yang berwarna putih. Setelah beberapa detik di"},{"Movie":"Extreme Movie","Title":"VJin's Cute Moments","Author":"CaramelHopie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10104657","Passage":"[Chapter 1] VJin Story (Part 1) Kim Taehyung, atau yang biasa dipanggil V itu adalah seorang murid yang sangat berprestasi, namun dia hanya memiliki sedikit teman. Bisa dibilang, dia adalah seorang kutu buku. Saat bel istirahat, V selalu menyendiri di perpustakaan sambil membaca buku. V memang susah dalam bergaul. V unik dengan kacamatanya, dan tentunya dengan behel yang terpampang di giginya. Saat hari itu, Si Murid Populer—Jin sedang dikejar-kejar oleh fans-fans -nya, yang biasa disebut paparazzi . \"Kyaaa! Jin!\" teriak seluruh anak perempuan yang berada di koridor sekolah yang luas itu. V yang mendengar teriakan anak-anak perempuan, hanya melirik sedikit dan kembali membaca buku yang tebalnya 300 halaman. Tiba-tiba, Jin memasuki perpustakaan sambil berlari lalu duduk di pojokan rak-rak buku. \"Aduh, mampus aku. Jangan sampai semua anak perempuan tidak menyadari bahwa aku di sini!\" keluhnya sambil mengusap keringatnya. Lalu, tiba-tiba matanya tertuju kepada V, yang sedang membaca buku dengan serius. Tak lama kemudian, Jin menghampirinya. \"Hei,\" sapanya dengan lembut, sambil tersenyum. V hanya terkejut dan melihat ke arah Jin dan tersenyum tipis. \"Eh… Ha-hai,\" ucap V sambil membetulkan letak kacamatanya. Lalu, terdengar suara teriakan anak-anak perempuan lagi. \"Yaaah!\" keluh seluruh anak perempuan ketika Jin telah 'menghilang'. Lalu, Jin menghela napas lega dan tersenyum kepada V. \"Akhirnya aku bebas,\" ucap Jin. V hanya terkikik pelan dan tersenyum kembali. \"Oh ya, namamu siapa?\" tanya Jin. V hanya menunduk dan menjawab, \"A… Aku… V,\" jawab sang kutu buku itu sambil menatap ke bawah. Jin hanya tersenyum sambil mengangguk. \"V? Nama yang unik, ya,\" puji si anak populer itu, sambil mengulurkan tangannya. V menjabat tangan Jin dan menjawab, \"S… S… Sebenarnya, namaku Taehyung… Tapi aku sering dipanggil V, tidak tahu kenapa,\" jawab V pelan. \"Wah, Taehyung, ya? Namanya bagus sekali, ya! Pantas saja, kau kan…\" Jin pun menutup mulutnya dan berkata lagi, \"Maaf, aku hanya kelepasan bicara,\" jawabnya terkikik. V pun bertanya, \"K… Kau ini anak populer itu, kan?\" tanya V tersenyum kecut. Jin hanya tertawa, dan tak sengaja dia mencubit pipi V dengan pelan. Akibatnya, wajah V pun berubah menjadi merah merona karena menahan malu, dan menatap Jin. \"Ah, maaf ya, apa kau kesakitan? Tadi, aku benar-benar tidak sengaja,\" ujar Jin menatap V. \"Eng… Enggak, enggak apa-apa…\" V menggelengkan kepalanya. Dia menutup bukunya dan menyimpan kembali di rak buku perpustakaan. \"Bel sudah berbunyi. Kita masuk, yuk!\" Jin menarik tangan V dengan erat dan mereka pun kembali ke kelas. \"Eh…\" V hanya mengangguk dan melihat tangannya yang sedang dipegang erat oleh Jin. \"Dengar-dengar, Jin dan V, si kutu buku itu, sudah jadian, ya? Dih, gak salah apa, Jin milih pacar? V, si anak perempuan yang sok, dan kutu buku itu kan, culun banget! Mendingan… Park Jea~\" tanya seorang anak yang bernama Jimin. \"Jea, itu? Kalian benar-benar jadian?!\" seru Jungkook—si termuda di kelas. \"Ya, dia menerimaku, Jea itu kan, murid paling cantik di kelas ini. Tapi sekarang, dia sedang pergi ke Inggris,\" keluh Jimin. \"Itu, kan, secantik di kelas. Kalau Yun Sena, se-sekolah! Siapa dulu cowoknya, Hopie!\" seru J-Hope—si jago rapper . Suga hanya melerai mereka. \"Udah udah, heh, mereka dateng, tuh!\" tunjuk Suga. V dan Jin sedang memasuki kelas, namun semuanya langsung mem -bully V, terutama anak perempuan. \"Apa-apaan, nih! Kamu jadian sama Jin? Gak salah apa?\" cetus Lizzie, anak tersombong di kelas. \"A… Aku…\" V hanya menahan tangis, dan melihat seluruh murid. Semua anak pun membanjuri air ke tubuh V, juga membanjuri tepung dan telur. Jin sepertinya sangat kesal, lalu berteriak. \"STOP! Kalian ini nggak punya harga diri!\" teriak Jin sambil memukul meja dengan napas yang tidak beraturan. Semua anak langsung terdiam dan melihat Jin. \"Wah, bisa marah juga,\" bisik Rapmon, sang Ketua Kelas. \"Rap! Kau kan, seorang ketua kelas! Kenapa kamu membiarkannya?! Kau mau, salah seorang anggota kelasmu menjadi korban pemerkosaan?! Apa?! Kalian juga. Kenapa, sih? V itu anak yang baik. Tapi kenapa hanya gara-gara penampilan V saja, kalian merasa jorok dan tidak mau dekat-dekat V? Baiklah, kalau begitu! Aku akan melaporkan semua kejadian ini kepada kepala sekolah!\" teriak Jin. Jin juga ketua OSIS di sekolahnya. Semua langsung melongo, lalu memohon kepada Jin agar tidak melaporkan semua kejadian ini kepada kepala sekolah. Rapmon pun hanya menunduk kesal. \"Tidak bisa! Sudah berkali-kali kalian melakukan ini. Percuma, berjanji tidak akan mengulangi lagi, tapi nanti pasti hari-hari berikutnya akan terulang lagi. Aku ingin meminta saran dari kepala sekolah!\" Jin pun berlari sambil menarik tangan V dan segera ke ruang kepala sekolah. Semua anak terpaku. ( TO BE CONTINUED! ^^ ) ","Summary":" VJin Story (Part 1) Kim Taehyung, atau yang biasa dipanggil V itu adalah seorang murid yang sangat "},{"Movie":"Extreme Movie","Title":"VJin Cute Moments (Part 2)","Author":"CaramelHopie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10105073","Passage":"[Chapter 1] VJin Story (Part 2) Jin dan V sudah tiba di ruang kepala sekolah. Terlihat, Mr. Lee—sang kepala sekolah sedang duduk di kursi empuknya, sambil menatapi beberapa lembar kertas yang berisi pengumuman penting yang akan dibagikan untuk murid-murid. \"Selamat siang, Mr!\" seru Jin yang mengetuk pintu ruang kepala sekolah. \"Ya, silakan masuk,\" ujar Mr. Lee membetulkan letak kacamatanya yang berbingkai hitam. Jin pun membuka pintu ruang kepala sekolah dan berlari sambil tetap menggenggam tangan V. V hanya bisa mengeluh dan menunduk. \"Ada perlu apa kamu ke sini?\" tanya Mr. Lee tersenyum. Jin mengatur napasnya, duduk di bangku depan meja kepala sekolah, lalu berkata, \"Sudah beberapa kali sekolah kita terlibat kasus pemerkosaan terhadap salah satu murid,\" jawab Jin. V hanya mengikuti Jin. V menjilat bibirnya dan duduk di sebelah Jin, lalu terdiam. \"Siapa anak itu? Dan, V, mengapa kamu terlihat seperti…\" ucapan Mr. Lee pun terputus karena terpotong dengan kata-kata Jin. \"Dia adalah muridnya, Mr! Dia adalah korban dalam kasus pemerkosaan ini. Dia sering di- bully . Tadi, saat jam istirahat, saat saya dan V datang, dia langsung didatangi semua murid dan dibanjuri tepung, telur, dan air. Sahabat-sahabat saya juga berubah. Mereka pikir, saya salah memilih teman,\" ungkap Jin panjang lebar. Jin pun akhirnya memukul meja dengan keras. Mr. Lee pun kaget seketika. \"Baiklah, Seokjin. Baiklah. V, kamu tetap di sini, ya. Nanti, saya akan kembali ke sini, dan kamu menjelaskan semuanya tentang masalah ini,\" ujar Mr. Lee keluar ruangan. V hanya mengangguk pelan, lalu berpikir. Apa salahku? Aku sering di bully oleh teman-teman. Apa karena… Aku dekat dengan Jin? batinnya. V hanya menghela napas dan menunggu Mr. Lee datang kembali ke ruangannya. BRAK! Jin membuka pintu kelasnya dengan dibanting. Dia sangat kesal dan perilaku seluruh anak di kelas. Semua anak pun langsung terdiam dan melihat ke arah Jin, lalu Jimin pun berkomentar. \"Mau apa kamu, hah? Kamu tidak melaporkannya kepada Mr. Lee, kan? Kalau tidak, kita selamat. Kita bisa terus mem- bully …\" ucapan Jimin terhenti ketika Mr. Lee melangkah memasuki kelas. \"Mr. Lee?!\" teriak Jimin. Mr. Lee menyilangkan tangannya di dada, lalu bertanya, \"Siapa yang merencanakan semua ini? Sekolah kita sudah tidak benar. Percuma, sudah ada visi dan misi, tetapi malah mengacaukan semuanya. Siapa yang merencanakannya? Jika tidak ada yang mengaku, satu kelas saya hukum, kecuali Seokjin dan V,\" Jin hanya tersenyum sinis dan berbisik, \"Bagus,\" ucapnya pelan. \"Kami tidak tahu, Mr,\" jawab Namjoon (Rapmon). \"Saya hitung sampai lima. Satu… Dua…\" Masih tidak ada yang mau mengaku. \"Tiga… Empat…\" Akhirnya, Jimin mengangkat tangannya. \"S-saya, Mr,\" jawab Jimin terbata-bata. Semua melihat kepada Jimin. Jimin hanya menutup matanya sambil menunduk. \"Kenapa kamu melakukan semua ini? Kamu, kan, anak paling sopan di kelas. Namun, sejak kedatangan V di sini, kamu jadi berubah. Baiklah, Jimin, ikut saya ke ruang kepala sekolah,\" ucap Mr. Lee. Jimin hanya mengangguk pelan dan mengikuti Mr. Lee ke ruang kepala sekolah. Semua anak melongo. \"Apa dia baik-baik saja?\" gumam Jungkook—si peduli. \"Ja-jadi… Dia pelakunya? Tak kusangka,\" decak J-Hope. \"Jimin?\" tanya V pelan. Jimin hanya melirik, lalu duduk di sebelah V. \"Jangan macam-macam, ya. Jangan bilang bahwa aku yang melakukannya!\" bisik Jimin. \"Kok, kamu ke aku gitu, sih?\" bisik V. \"Hei! Dia itu perempuan. Beraninya kau?!\" tiba-tiba Jin sudah berada di samping Jimin. Jimin pun hanya melongo dan menggerutu. Mr. Lee segera duduk di kursinya. \"Ehm. Baiklah, Park Jimin! Kau kenapa sampai melakukan hal yang tidak-tidak kepada V? Dia itu anak baru. Dan, dia itu perempuan! Jangan melakukan hal yang macam-macam terhadap perempuan!\" tegur Mr. Lee. Jimin pun menjawab, \"Aku… Berpikir, bahwa orang seperti dia tidak pantas bersekolah di sekolah bertaraf internasional seperti ini. Aku berkata bahwa dia… Seharusnya bersekolah di SLB,\" jawab Jimin semakin pelan. \"Kau ini keterlaluan, ya! Mr, saya sebagai saksinya. Menurut saya, dia harus diskors, kalau tidak, pasti dia akan mengulanginya lagi!\" cetus Jin mengelus pundak V. \" Good idea . Baiklah. Sesuai keputusan… Saya dan Jin akan menskors kamu selama tiga minggu,\" Jimin pun berdiri tegas dan berteriak, \"Enggak bisa gitu, dong, Mr! Saya, kan, sudah mengaku!\" teriak Jimin memukul meja. \"Jimin!\" teriak Mr. Lee lagi. Jimin hanya mendengus kesal dan kembali duduk. \"Apapun hukumannya, tidak bisa diganggu gugat,\" ujar V pelan. \"Jangan ikut campur!\" teriak Jimin kepada V. \"Heh, memang benar, kok!\" tukas Jin. Jimin hanya tersenyum kecut dan menatap Mr. Lee. Tiba-tiba—Jungkook, J-Hope, Suga, dan Namjoon berlari dan memasuki ruang kepala sekolah. \"Jimin! Jadi, kamu yang melakukannya? Gak disangka, ya!\" cetus J-Hope sambil memutar bola matanya. \"Teman-teman, maksudku…\" ucapan Jimin pun terputus. \"Kamu enggak perlu menjelaskannya lagi! Ini pun sudah menjadi bukti. Kami enggak mau berteman dengan teman yang selalu berbohong, yang selalu menipu sahabat-sahabatnya,\" ucap Jungkook. Yang lain mengangguk, tanda setuju. \"Teman-teman… Maafkan aku!\" seru Jimin. \"Hanya itu? Kamu sudah beberapa kali membohongi kami! Sudahlah, kita putus persahabatan, anggap saja kami tidak pernah kenal denganmu!\" bentak J-Hope lagi. \"Aku… Benar-benar minta maaf!\" bantah Jimin. \"Bertemanlah dengan yang lain,\" ucap Suga lembut, lalu mengikuti mereka di belakang. \"S… Suga…\" Jimin pun menggenggam tangan Suga. Suga melepaskan tangannya. \"Maafkan aku,\" ujar Suga lalu keluar ruangan. \"Ah! Masalah telah selesai. Jimin sudah diskors. Kita bebas!\" seru Jin merangkul V. \"Eh…\" ucap V. \"M… Maaf, ya!\" ujar Jin lagi. Jin pun menatap V sangat lama, lalu berkata. \"S… Sebenarnya… Aku sudah lama suka padamu,\" ungkapnya mengusap kepala V. V hanya menunduk dan menatap Jin. \"La… Lalu, apa maumu?\" tanya V pelan. Jin pun mengecup pipi V lembut. Wajah V menjadi merah merona dan tersenyum kecil. \"V… Mau nggak… Jadian denganku?\" tanya Jin dengan muka merah. V mengangguk pelan. [ Okay, this is so romantic~ ] ( TO BE CONTINUED~! ) ","Summary":" VJin Story (Part 2) Jin dan V sudah tiba di ruang kepala sekolah. Terlihat, Mr. Lee—sang kepala sek"},{"Movie":"Extreme Movie","Title":"Phone Calls in That Day (OC)","Author":"CaramelHopie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10108721","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Phone Calls in That Day (OC) Gadis itu menatap adik perempuannya yang sedang memainkan telepon genggam yang berwarna hitam, namun sudah tidak terpakai lagi. Akhirnya, dia mengambil telepon itu dan bertanya kepada ibunya mengapa telepon itu tidak dipakai. \"Lho, handphone lama itu kenapa?\" tanya gadis itu yang bernama Sena, sambil melihat adik kecilnya—Yuna, sedang memainkan handphone itu. \"Papa belikan yang baru buat mama. Sudah nggak bisa dipakai lagi, jadi mainan Yuna saja, ya?\" tanya ibunya. Sena pun mengambil telepon genggam itu dari tangan adiknya dengan pelan, lalu berkomentar. \"Berat juga…\" Lalu, dia melihat ke arah adik kecilnya yang ingin memainkan telepon genggamnya. Sena pun memberikannya kembali. Ibunya yang ingin membuat kue pun sedang mengambil tepung terigu. Namun, tepung terigunya habis. Ibunya pun menyuruh Sena untuk membeli tepung terigu di mini market dekat rumah mereka. \"Wah, tepungnya habis… Sena, tolong beli di mini market, ya!\" ujar ibunya. Sena pun mengangguk dan pamit kepada ibunya. Dia membawa dompet dan segera keluar rumah. Sena pergi ke mini market dengan jalan kaki, karena jaraknya memang cukup dekat. \"Sudah sore, masih panas begini…\" keluh Sena sambil mengelap peluhnya yang menetes dari dahi sampai lehernya. Tiba-tiba, dia melihat seorang anak laki-laki, namun tidak asing baginya. Sepertinya, Sena kenal dengan lelaki itu. Dia mirip seperti Minho. Ya, lelaki itu memang Minho. \"Minho!\" panggil Sena sambil tersenyum, dan melambaikan tangannya. Minho yang sedang memakan roti isi selai cokelat pun menoleh. \"Sena!\" seru Minho sambil mengunyah rotinya. Sena pun menghampiri Minho dengan senangnya. \"Baru pulang les?\" tanya Sena. Minho mengangguk, lalu membuang bungkus rotinya ke dalam tempat sampah yang berada di dekatnya. \"Aku mau belanja sebentar… Mau nunggu? Enggak lama, kok, tapi kalau kamu keberatan, tidak apa-apa, kok!\" ujar Sena menunjuk mini market yang dimaksud. Minho pun mengangguk sambil tersenyum. \"Boleh, deh!\" ujarnya dengan senyumnya yang khas. Sena pun memasuki mini market, lalu membeli tepung terigu. \"Bu, beli ini,\" kata Sena menyerahkan sebuah tepung terigu sambil membuka dompetnya. Setelah membayar dan mendapat kembalian, dia pun segera keluar dari mini market dan bertemu Minho kembali. \"Minho, mau makan es krim? Kutraktir, deh, hari ini,\" Sena pun membelikan Minho sebuah es krim kesukaan Minho. Minho mengucapkan terima kasih, lalu tiba-tiba handphone -nya berdering. \"Ya. Mama sudah pulang? Tumben. Iya, aku baru selesai les. Iya, Ma. Oke, bye …\" Minho mematikan telepon genggamnya dan tersenyum kepada Sena. \"Minho hebat ya, kau sudah mempunyai telepon genggam!\" puji Sena. Minho hanya terkikik sambil tersenyum kecil. \"Habis, papa mamaku kan kerja. Lebih mudah dihubungi kalau ada telepon genggam,\" ujar Minho. Tanpa sadar, Sena belepotan muka karena es krim cokelat yang dimakannya. Minho pun mendekati wajah Sena. \"Ke… Kenapa?\" tanya Sena dengan gugup, ketika Minho mendekati wajahnya. Minho pun tersenyum dan mencolek es krim cokelat yang menempel di samping bibir Sena, lalu menjilatnya. \"Nempel, tuh… Kau lucu juga, ya!\" seru Minho. Aaaakh… Huwwaaa… Sena pun merah merona. Dia pun mengalihkan pembicaraan. \"Telepon genggammu keren, ya! Aku jadi pingin nelepon kamu, Minho… Duh, kebablasan…\" ucap Sena menutup mulutnya. Minho pun menulis sesuatu di notes kecilnya, lalu merobeknya. \"Nih… Silakan telepon kapan saja. Biasanya, sampai jam 11 aku belum tidur, kok!\" seru Minho. Sena pun menerimanya, lalu segera pamit pulang kepada Minho. Malamnya, Sena berjanji akan menelepon Minho. Dia mengambil telepon dan segera memencet angka, namun ibunya menyuruhnya untuk tidur. \"Sena, sudah jam 9 lewat! Jangan main telepon! Temanmu pasti sudah tidur! Kau juga harus tidur!\" Akhirnya, Sena pun tidak jadi menelepon Minho. Dia dengan lemas segera pergi menuju kamarnya yang berada di lantai dua, lalu segera tidur dengan lelap. Saat istirahat, Sena bertopang dagu di mejanya. Tiba-tiba, Minho menghampirinya. \"Sena! Aku ingin ngomong sebentar!\" ucapnya kepada Sena. Sena pun mengikuti Minho ke atap sekolah. Minho pun membicarakan semuanya. \"Kau… Apa maksudmu nelepon aku kemarin?\" tanya Minho sambil menyilangkan tangannya di dada. Sena hanya bisa terdiam. Tadi malam, Sena tidak menelepon Minho, karena disuruh ibunya tidur. Sena pun mendesah pelan, tetapi dia masih bingung dengan ucapan Minho. \"A… Aku nggak nelepon, kok?\" ujar Sena sambil menyentuh dagunya dengan jari telunjuknya yang lentik. Minho pun menaikkan salah satu alisnya yang berwarna hitam. \"Apa?! Jelas-jelas kamu yang menelepon!\" seru Minho. Sena pun menjadi kesal dengan perilaku Minho yang menuduhnya dengan sembarangan. Sena pun berteriak, \"Jangan nuduh sembarangan!\" seru Sena. Minho pun tetap tidak yakin. \"Semalam jam setengah 10, kau menelepon kan! Tiba-tiba sambungannya putus… Tapi 30 menit kemudian, kau nelepon lagi. Kali ini, kau nelepon dari luar rumah,\" kata Minho menatap Sena. Sena hanya menggaruk kepalanya yang tidak gatal. \"Luar rumah?\" tanya Sena tidak percaya. Minho pun melanjutkan ceritanya. \"Kau masih bicara panjang lebar… Tapi aku terlanjur marah dan mematikan handphone ,\" ujar Minho berkacak pinggang. \"Betul, kok. Aku nggak nelepon kamu. Apalagi ngomong begitu…\" ucap Sena mencoba lebih meyakinkan Minho. Namun, tetap saja Minho tetap pada pendiriannya. \"Ya sudah!\" ketusnya sambil berlalu. Sena berusaha menahannya. \"Minho!\" teriak Sena. Memangnya siapa… Yang nelepon Minho! seru Sena dalam hati. Dia pun melihat adik kecilnya, sambil berbaring di sofa berwarna cokelat yang empuk. Coba aku bicara sekali lagi dengan Minho! Sena pun berpamitan kepada ibunya dan segera menemui Minho. Kebetulan, Minho sedang berjalan di tengah jalan. Tapi… Oh, tidak! Ada sebuah mobil yang melaju kenjang, hingga akhirnya… BUUUGH! Mobil itu menabrak Minho! Sena pun menangis kencang dan berteriak, \"MINHO!\" teriak Sena sambil menangis. Malamnya, ibunya telah menelepon ibu Minho. \"Lukanya terlalu parah… Besok upacara pemakamannya…\" ujar ibunya Sena sambil menatap Sena. Sena hanya bisa terdiam. Dia menggosok-gosokkan kakinya yang bersentuhan di karpet berbulu berwarna merah. \"Minho… Meninggal…\" keluh Sena terduduk di karpet. \"Aku tak sempat meneleponnya…\" kata Sena menatap telepon genggam yang lama itu. Dia segera mengambil telepon lama yang menjadi mainan adiknya dan mencoba menelepon Minho. \"Halo, Minho? Apa kabar… Minho! Minho…\" Namun tiba-tiba, telepon Minho pun tersambung! Sena semakin bingung dibuatnya. Dia berpikir, Eh… Gimana, nih? Sena pun mendengarkan nada sambung telepon. Namun, ada yang mengangkatnya! Dan, yang mengangkatnya itu adalah Minho! \"Halo? Halo? Oh, Sena?\" ujar Minho di seberang. Sena langsung mematikan teleponnya. \"Telepon langsung kumatikan…\" ujar Sena menatap telepon genggam yang sudah lama tidak dipakai itu. Apa?! Kok bisa begini, sih?! Yang tadi kan suara Minho… Kok bisa, ya?! Hah, setengah 10?! Maksud Minho… Telepon ini?! Pembicaraan tadi… Didengarnya kemarin?! Tak mungkin! Ini cuma mimpi… Kecelakaan itu tak mungkin terjadi! Sena pun keluar rumah. Jalanan sudah mulai sepi. Dia melihat ke arah tiang listrik, di depannya ada snack kesukaan Minho. \"Kalau memang benar telepon ini bisa menghubungi Minho sehari sebelumnya…\" Sena pun mencoba menelepon Minho kembali. \"Minho?\" ujar Sena sambil menggenggam teleponnya. Dia duduk di trotoar dan bercakap-cakap dengan Minho. \" Oh, Sena? \" tanya Minho. Meski aku tak menyebut namaku… Dia tau akulah yang meneleponnya… batin Sena. Dia pun berteriak, \"Minho! Besok sepulang sekolah, kau nggak boleh keluar! Pokoknya tetap diam di rumah! Nggak usah pergi les…\" kata Sena sambil menangis. Dia pun segera melanjutkan kata-katanya. \"Kumohon… Dengarkan kata-kataku dulu! Kumohon kau mau… Diam di rumah setelah pulang sekolah… Untuk satu hari saja! Kumohon, Minho!\" teriak Sena lagi. Lalu, Minho pun menjawab. \" Oh… Jadi aku tidak boleh keluar ya… Baiklah, besok mau main ke rumahku? \" tawar Minho. Meski tak mungkin aku bertemu Minho… batin Sena lagi. \"Oke,\" Sena pun mematikan teleponnya. PIK! \"Lho?! Kok, jadi siang?!\" teriak Sena lagi. Lalu, dia pun melihat korban tabrak lari. Oh, ternyata bukan Minho. Lalu, di trotoar, dia melihat Minho sedang berjalan pelan menuju rumahnya. Sena langsung menahannya. \"Minho!\" Sena langsung memeluknya erat. Minho pun terkejut melihat gadis perempuan yang meneleponnya itu. \"Lho… Sena?\" Minho tersenyum senang. Sena pun menggandeng tangan Minho. \"Kita pergi bareng, yuk! Sekalian beli es krim!\" seru Sena memeluk lengan Minho. Minho tersenyum dan mengedipkan sebelah matanya. \"Yuk!\" Minho mencubit pipi Sena dengan pelan dan mereka pun berjalan bersama-sama. [ MAAF KALO GAK NGERTI! ] ","Summary":" Phone Calls in That Day (OC) Gadis itu menatap adik perempuannya yang sedang memainkan telepon geng"},{"Movie":"Extreme Movie","Title":"Hottest Day!","Author":"CaramelHopie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10112674","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hottest Day Libur musim panas yang ditunggu-tunggu pun tiba. Namun, meski libur musim panas, tetap saja diberi PR atau tugas yang menumpuk. Untung saja, gadis yang bernama Jea sudah mengerjakannya. Hari ini, dia kelihatan sangat rapi. \"Bagus! Sudah rapi semuanya! Heh? Mau ke mana, Jea? Mau ke festival komik, dong! Ada acara tanda tangan komikus beken… Pameran komik yang bagus-bagus… Terus jualan merchandise lucu-lucu! Hanmi kan sedang pergi ke Hawaii… Makanya aku pergi sama Sena aja! Kebetulan aku dapat kupon gratis milk shake . Minum berdua ah sama Sena!\" seru Jea mengemasi barang-barangnya, sambil bersenandung lembut. Dia merapikan bajunya yang bersih, lalu tiba-tiba telepon rumahnya bordering. Oh, iya, mama dan papanya sedang bekerja, dan mereka akan pulang malam. Sedangkan adik laki-lakinya sedang kencan dengan pacarnya. \"Hai, Sena? Iya, aku baru mau keluar! Apa… Kau… Nggak bisa pergi? Kenapa?\" cetus Jea sambil melempar topi musim panasnya sampai ke dalam kamar mandi. \" Maaf ya, Jea… I… Itu… Ibuku… Tau-tau aja… Dia ngajak aku belanja… \" keluh Sena. Jea pun berteriak tanda tidak terima. \"Belanja?! Itu kan bisa kapan aja!\" serunya dengan muka sangat kesal, dia tidak mau pergi sendirian, tentu. Dia, kan, masih kelas lima SD. \" So… Sorry… Besok aja ya, pergi ke festival komiknya? Aku betul-betul nggak bisa, mamaku… ,\" ucapan Sena terpotong oleh teriakan Jea. \"YA SUDAH!\" teriaknya sangat kesal. Dia pun membanting pintu rumahnya dan menyimpan kunci rumahnya ke dalam tas selempang kecil berwarna ungu imut miliknya. \"Huuuh, padahal aku sudah dandan cakep mau ke sana…\" gerutu Jea kesal. Akhirnya, dia memutuskan untuk pergi ke toko buku, agar menghilangkan rasa bete -nya. Di depan toko buku, dia bertemu seorang anak laki-laki, dia mirip seperti Jimin. Ya, memang Jimin. \"Jimin!\" teriak Jea berlari. Dia menghampiri lelaki berumur sebelas tahun itu yang sedang membaca buku mengenai olahraga. \"Hei…\" sapanya pelan. Jimin memang dikenal sebagai orang yang pemalu dan pendiam. Tetapi, pada saat diledek teman-teman soal kedekatannya dengan Jea, Jimin langsung memberontak dan berteriak. \"Apa kabar? Sedang ngapain?\" tanya Jea dengan semangat. Dia berdiri di sebelah Jimin dan mengambil buku yang berada di depan toko buku. Buku kesukaannya, tentunya. \"Numpang baca! Masih nanya lagi… Kau sendiri ngapain? Mau ke mana, rapi begitu…\" ujar Jimin melihat penampilan Jea. Jea pun terkejut. Dia menggaruk kepalanya yang tidak gatal. \"Eh… Tadinya aku mau pergi sama Sena… Tau-tau aja dia ada urusan mendadak…\" keluh Jea. \"Senasib, dong. Harusnya aku pergi berenang sama J-Hope, tau-tau dia bilang nggak bisa. Payah…\" Jimin pun ikut mengeluh dan terus membaca. Jea pun mendengus kesal karena Sena ingkar janji. Padahal, jauh-jauh hari, Sena bilang dia pasti akan datang bersama Jea. Itupun dengan ekspresi yang sangat semangat. \"Apa mungkin mereka…\" Jimin pun mempunyai prasangka buruk. Jea pun juga begitu. \"Pergi bareng!\" teriak Jea. Jea pun segera berjongkok. Jimin ikut berjongkok, agar percakapan ini tidak didengar orang lain. Namun, penjaga toko buku yang terkenal galak mengusir mereka karena dilarang ngerumpi di toko orang. Akhirnya, mereka berdua pun pergi ke taman air mancur. \"Sena bilang apa padamu?\" tanya Jimin duduk di pinggir air mancur sambil menoleh kepada Jea. \"Mau belanja sama mamanya! Terus, alasan J-Hope apa?\" tanya Jea sangat penasaran. Jimin pun bergerak untuk mengganti posisi duduknya, lalu bertopang dagu. \"Mau keluar sama papanya!\" keluhnya lagi. Jea pun mempunyai ide brilian. Dia akan menelepon rumah Sena untuk memastikan apakah Sena benar-benar pergi bersama mamanya. \"Itu ada telepon!\" Sena pun memencet nomor tujuan, lalu mendengar suara nada sambung. \" Hallo, dengan keluarga Hwang ,\" jawab mama Sena. Ternyata, mama Sena yang mengangkat teleponnya! \"Mamanya yang angkat!\" bisik Jea di telinga Jimin. \"Apa?!\" teriak Jimin. Jea pun membungkam mulut Jimin dan berkata pelan di telepon. \"I… Ini Jea, mau cari Sena…\" kata Jea lembut, walaupun di dalam hatinya dia sangat kesal karena Sena. \" Eh, Jea-ah? Tadi J-Hope telepon, katanya punya dua tiket gratis taman bermain yang baru dibuka… Mungkin Sena pulangnya sore… \" jelas mama Sena di seberang. Jea pun mengucapkan terima kasih dan mengakhiri pembicaraan. Setelah itu, Jea menyimpan telepon itu dan duduk di kursi bersama Jimin, dengan lemas. Tetapi, saat mereka duduk di kursi… \"APANYA YANG BELANJA SAMA MAMA!\" teriak Jea sambil melompat-lompat di atas kursi. Jimin pun berdiri di atas kursi dan ikut berteriak, \"J-HOPE BRENGSEK! AKU NGGAK DIANGGAP SEBAGAI TEMAN LAGI!\" teriak Jimin. Jea pun mengeluarkan tisu dan menangis kencang. \"Nggak nyangka Sena yang baik bisa berkhianat juga…\" ujar Jea. \"J-Hope betul-betul bikin kesal!\" teriak Jimin lagi. Saking kencangnya teriakan mereka, seorang bayi lelaki pun menangis. Ibunya pun menegur mereka berdua, lalu dia pun berbalik arah. \"Tapi aku loyo, nih…\" keluh Jea. \"Iya, aku lapar…\" tukas Jimin. Perut mereka berdua pun berbunyi. Akhirnya, mereka segera pergi ke restoran terdekat. \"Aku juga… Oh iya! Aku punya kupon gratis milk shake !\" seru Jea menunjukkan dua buah kupon gratis minuman susu itu. Jimin pun berkutik, \"Lapar kok minum milk shake ?\" tanyanya dengan cuek. Jea membuka pintu restoran. \"Selamat datang,\" seorang pelayan pun menyambut mereka berdua dengan lembut, dan senyumnya yang khas dan manis. Jea pun segera menuju antrian yang masih kosong. \"Minta chocolate milk shake dua, Mbak!\" seru Jea menyerahkan kupon itu. Pelayan itu pun menjawab, \"Maaf, ya… Kupon gratis ini cuma berlaku kalau disertai pembelian…\" Jea pun terkejut, akhirnya Jimin yang memesan. Dia memesan dua buah hamburger . Setelah selesai, dia membawa nampan berisi dua chocolate milk shake dan dua hamburger . Jea pun segera mencari meja yang kosong. Akhirnya, dia menemukannya, tetapi berada di pojok restoran. \"Kemarin aku baru dapat uang jajan, kau kutraktir!\" seru Jimin yang berbaik hati, namun kadang serampangan itu. Jea pun tersenyum senang dan melompat girang. \"Bener, nih?! Asyik! Selamat makan!\" Saat mengunyah makanannya, dia pun melihat ke sekeliling. Ternyata, banyak orang yang berpacaran dan juga yang sedang bermesraan. Ambigu! Jea pun menutup mukanya dan berkata, \"Banyak orang pacaran di sini, ya!\" Jimin pun berhenti mengunyah dengan muka merah merona. \"Hem… Kalau pulangnya sore… Gimana kalau kita tunggu mereka di stasiun?\" usul Jimin dengan senyumnya yang sangat lembut. Jea pun tersenyum senang dan mengangguk, sambil mengedipkan sebelah mata kirinya. \"Wah, ide bagus! Asyik, nih!\" seru Jea ber- tos ria dengan Jimin. Jimin pun terkikik. \"Tapi nunggu selama itu, kita mesti ngapain…\" tukas Jimin sambil menyandarkan badannya ke kursi makan. \"Ke pet shop , yuk!\" Jimin pun mengangguk. Mereka berjalan riang menuju pet shop . Di sana, banyak berbagai hewan. Iyalah, namanya juga pet shop . Ada kucing, anjing, hamster, marmut, dan semacamnya. Tapi, Jea paling suka Pepper, si anjing kecil. Bulunya lembut, berwarna cokelat muda. Telinganya berwarna cokelat tua. Saat Jea dan Jimin melihatnya, Pepper mengeluarkan lidahnya sambil menggonggong. \"Guk! Guk!\" seru Pepper dari dalam lemari kaca. \"Lucu banget…\" Jea pun mengelus lemari kaca itu, karena Pepper berada di dalam lemari kaca. Setelah itu, mereka pergi ke tempat bermain. Jimin dan Jea berpencar. Setelah lama kemudian, Jea menemukan Jimin sedang berusaha mengambil boneka kecil berbentuk anjing kecil mirip dengan Pepper, menggunakan alat pengambil otomatis. Akhirnya, dia mendapatkannya. \"Wow, Jimin hebat!\" seru Jea sambil bertepuk tangan. Jimin pun mengeluarkan lidahnya dan mengangguk. \"Nih, buat kamu, ya!\" Jimin memberi boneka imut itu ke tangan Jea. Jea mengangguk dan tersenyum. Saatnya ke stasiun! Mereka pun berlari bersama ke stasiun. Jea menangkap seorang anak perempuan dan anak lelaki sedang mengobrol sambil berpegangan tangan. Mereka pun segera muncul di depan mereka. \"Hallo, sudah pulang?\" ujar Jea sambil melambaikan tangannya, dengan tatapan sinis. Sena dan J-Hope pun terbelalak melihat kedatangan mereka berdua. \"Katanya, kau akan belanja bersama mamamu. Mamamu, kok, mirip banget sama J-Hope?\" celetuk Jea melihat J-Hope. J-Hope pun hanya terdiam. \"Katanya kau akan keluar sama papamu. Sejak kapan papamu pakai rok?\" celetuk Jimin melihat penampilan Sena yang cantik itu. Sena pun tanpa berkomentar langsung memberi sebuah boneka kelinci berwarna putih dengan pita berwarna pink di lehernya. Jea pun mengambil boneka itu dan mengangguk. Boneka itu Sena beli sebagai permintaan maaf kepada Jea. \"Tapi…\" potong J-Hope. \"Kenapa kalian berduaan?\" sindir J-Hope. Sena pun hanya cekikikan melihat tingkah laku Jea dan Jimin. \"Kami bertemu hanya kebetulan, kok!\" seru Jea sambil mengacungkan jari telunjuknya. \"Oh, jadi kalian kencan?\" tanya Sena sambil menutup mulutnya. \"Oh… Enggak, kok! Tadi, kita hanya makan bareng, ke pet shop , terus ke tempat bermain! Main berdua, gitu aja, kok!\" seru Jimin sambil menggoyangkan tangannya, dan menggelengkan kepalanya. \"Itu kan, namanya kencan,\" tukas Sena menyilangkan tangannya di dada. Mereka pun saling bertatapan dengan muka merah merona. \"Siapa yang ingin kencan denganmu, hah!\" seru Jimin bertengkar dengan Jea. Jea hanya memukul punggung Jimin dengan keras dan berteriak, \"Idih! Aku juga enggak mau, kaliii!\" teriak Jea. Tiba-tiba, sebuah teriakan mengagetkan mereka. \"KENCAN APAAN, HAH!\" seru seseorang, anak perempuan. Ternyata, dia adalah Hanmi. Hanmi baru pulang dari Hawaii. \"Jahat! Selagi aku enggak ada, kalian malah asyik jalan-jalan berempat! Ninggalin aku!\" jerit Hanmi sambil mengepalkan tangannya. \"Hore, Hanmi-ah pulang!\" seru Jea memeluk Hanmi. Hanmi hanya berdecak. \"Widih, baru pulang dari Hawaii, langsung marah-marah!\" celetuk Jimin. ","Summary":" Hottest Day Libur musim panas yang ditunggu-tunggu pun tiba. Namun, meski libur musim panas, tetap "},{"Movie":"Extreme Movie","Title":"Ghost Story!","Author":"CaramelHopie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10105336","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Let's Fun With VIXX! Sekarang, sudah pukul empat sore. Seharusnya, satu jam yang lalu, semua murid boleh pulang. Namun, kelima sahabat—N, Leo, Ken, Ravi, dan Hyuk masih di dalam kelas. Mereka sedang mendengarkan cerita hantu sekolah yang diceritakan oleh Ravi. \"Saat sekolah sepi di malam hari… Dari ruang musik, terdengar sayup-sayup… Suara denting piano… Dan tangisan perempuan…\" Saat Ravi bercerita, Ken langsung berlari dan berteriak, \"Hei, hei, hei, hei, hei! Hei, ini sudah bubar! Ayo, semuanya pulang!\" seru Ken mengagetkan mereka. Leo pun berkutik, \"Te… Terus, selanjutnya gimana, Hyukkie?\" tanya Leo yang mulai merinding. N menahan Ken dan tetap mendengarkan cerita Ravi. \"Kalau kita buka pintunya… Langit-langit ruangan memerah… Dan ada sebentuk tangan berlumuran darah memainkan piano… Sedangkan suara tangis yang memilukan itu…\" Semuanya sangat merinding. Muka mereka pucat, dan sepertinya tidak tahan untuk kencing. \"WOOOOI!\" teriak Ken kembali. Semua melonjak, dan Leo refleks menonjok wajah Ravi. \"Aduh… Maaf, Ravi… Refleks…\" ucap Leo pelan mengguncangkan tubuh Ravi. Ravi pun mengangguk. \"Yuk cepat pulang!\" seru Ken lagi, lalu mereka pun keluar gerbang sekolah. \"Cerita itu, aku diceritain kakakku,\" kata Ravi. \"Itu pasti cerita bohong!\" cetus Ken ikut nimbrung. \"Kita kan, enggak tahu, bohong apa nggak!\" cetus Ravi marah kepada Ken. \"Bohong! Pasti bohong!\" ledek Ken lagi. Mereka pun bertengkar, lalu Leo melerai mereka. \"Sudah, dong… Hei, hei… Kita pulang saja yuk, kan hari ini banyak PR Bahasa?\" tukas Leo. \"Iya, ya! 4 halaman ejaan!\" keluh Hyuk menatap Leo. Leo mengangguk pelan. \"Lho, buku tugas Bahasa-ku mana, ya… Kayaknya aku masukkan dalam tas… Lho?! Ketinggalan di laci meja…\" Ken pun mengeluh dan terduduk di trotoar. \"Tadi kau disetrap karena lupa PR!\" seru N. \"Kata pak guru, kalau besok lupa lagi, ditambah PR Matematika 50 halaman,\" ujar Ravi sambil berkacak pinggang. Hyuk pun berkata, \"Lebih baik kau ambil, deh…\" Ken pun melotot dan menghadap ke sekolah yang sudah sepi, sunyi, dan suram mungkin. \"Temani Ken, yuk…\" ajak Leo yang baik hati, tetapi Ravi mencegahnya. \"Nggak usah, nggak usah! Ken kan nggak percaya cerita-cerita horror sekolah, dia pasti berani, kok! Jadi, enggak usah ditemani! Yuk yuk, kita pulang aja!\" Ravi mendorong tubuh Hyuk, Leo, dan N. \"Ravi jahat…\" kata Ken yang hampir menangis. Ken pun berjalan ke kelasnya, lalu menengok ke laci meja. Tapi, bukunya tidak ada! Waduh, gimana dong? \"Nggak ada! Aduh, mana mau kencing…\" Ken pun mengeluh, lalu dia segera berjalan ke toilet. Saat menuju ke toilet, dia ingat cerita yang diceritakan oleh Ravi. Kalau kau lihat cermin di tengah tangga sendirian… Akan terpantul bayangan roh anak yang mati di sekolah dulu… \"WUAAAH!\" teriak Ken kencang. Dia berlari sekencang-kencangnya, tak sengaja menyandung sebuah ember, lalu dia berada di dekat ruangan yang tidak terpakai lagi. Lalu, lagi-lagi dia ingat cerita Ravi. Di toilet lantai 2 sebelah barat, ada pintu yang tidak terpakai… Dari sanalah muncul sebentuk tangan merah membara… \"Aduh, Ravi… Su… Sudahlah… Duh, kaki sampai gemetaran…\" Saat dia akan membuka kunci pintu toilet, dia mendengar suara denting piano dan tangisan perempuan. Ting… Ting… Ting… Uhuhuhuhu… \"I… Ini… Suaranya dari ruang musik sebelah!\" Ken segera berlari kencang keluar toilet dan segera turun, tak sengaja dia membawa tisu toilet. Namun, tanpa sepengetahuan Ken, yang tadi bukanlah hantu, melainkan Pak Hyungseok dan Bu Hara. Bu Hara menangis karena Pak Hyungseok sudah mempunyai istri. Saat menuruni tangga, Ken terjatuh di tengah tangga, tepat di depan cermin tengah tangga. Dan, saat dia melihat ke arah… Terdapatlah pantulan bayangan anak laki-laki sebayanya. \"GYAAAAAAA!\" teriakan Ken pun mengejutkan semua orang. Dan ternyata, itu adalah Ravi. Ken pun tak sadarkan diri. \"Ken! Ini aku, Ken!\" teriak Ravi. \"Hoi! Sadar, hoi!\" seru N mengguncangkan tubuh Ken. Ken tetap tidak sadarkan diri. \"Maaf, Ken. Aku lupa, tadi siang pinjam PR-mu… Aku betul-betul lupa…\" keluh Ravi. \"Kenapa ada tisu toilet segala…\" ujar Leo. \"Hoi, sadar…\" N tetap mengguncang tubuh Ken. Akhirnya, Ken tersadar. \"Aduh, aku shock … Kenapa gak bilang dari tadi, Ravi!\" ketus Ken, lalu mengambil PR-nya, dan mereka segera pulang bersama-sama lagi. Aduh… ","Summary":" Let's Fun With VIXX! Sekarang, sudah pukul empat sore. Seharusnya, satu jam yang lalu, semua murid "},{"Movie":"Gravity","Title":"Drift","Author":"94stars","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10733562","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: I refuse to believe any movie that just lets George Clooney die that easily. I'm surprised that there aren't too many stories in the Gravity archive that explain what happened to Matt after he detached himself from Ryan. Oh, well. I guess I'll be the first. Honestly, I didn't care for too much for Gravity . But I do love everything about outer space. I wanted this to realistically follow the movie's logic, thus, it's going to address a few things about space, the ISS, NASA, the ESA, and astronauts in general that Alfonso Cuarón glazed over a little bit during Gravity . A more detailed summary, and a couple of trailers for this FanFiction are also on my Profile page. I will try to update this story whenever I can. I have many other FanFiction projects to work on, but please let me know what you think! I appreciate the feedback. Enjoy. The odds of becoming an astronaut are 13,200,000 to 1. The odds of being killed in an airplane crash are 11,000,000 to 1. The odds of being killed sometime next year in any transportation accident: 77 to 1. The odds of being killed as an astronaut: 25 to 1. DRIFT August 28th, 2013 249 miles above Earth -223° F Psi: 0.0019 Coordinates: 24°15'14.78\" N, by 63°56'58.58\" E 9:16 PM, United States ET Matthew Kowalski drifted silently in space. He was a white speck on black. It wasn't any kind of black that existed on earth. This black was strange. Endless. It was the very definition of nothing. It bored into depths unseen by human beings. He had never beheld anything like it. Matt looked out from within his suit. He glanced down at his watch. The face of it read 9:16 . It had been officially ten minutes since he had detached himself from Dr. Stone. Matt stared across the Void, thinking about her. He had just committed suicide. He had given up his own life, to save hers. It was the best thing he could have done at the moment. Yes, it was unfortunate, but he wouldn't have had it any other way. No matter how distraught it had made her, she was safe… which was all that mattered. The soothing sounds of Hank Williams Jr. ruffled in Matt's suit. He reached for his chest-module, twisting the knob to turn him off. He didn't feel like listening to his favorite guy anymore. He was ten minutes short of... breaking Anatoly's record. He glanced out from his helmet... stretching his gaze across the Void. Space stared back. It wasn't dark. Being inside of a room with the light off was dark… closing the insides your eyelids was dark. This was black. No light. No sound. It sat in stoic silence… like it knew something you didn't know. Nothing looked back at you from within it... and he was heading further into it. Mat floated, a silent dot over the earth. The planet rested below in overwhelming splendor. It was a wall of blue stucco, with green and tan patches of land, all coexisting underneath a sky of twirling, white clouds. Down there, countless people were dying. Most people think that they'll end up in a car crash, or get some terminal illness just before they die. Never do they think of the possibility of being stranded out here in space. Matt's pupils went up to read his levels. O2 down to 1%. In the next sixty seconds, he was going to take this story to his icy grave. Anatoly would be so proud. A clink and hiss went off in Matt's suit, alerting him. A small beep emitted from his visor. Matt stole a glance up. The letters SOP blinked red. SOP. Secondary Oxygen Pack. Matt stared at the figures. Ah... right. It was only up until this very moment that he had remembered this feature. The Secondary Oxygen System system automatically kicked in when an astronaut's Primary Life Support System dropped too low. It gave an astronaut 30% more oxygen—another thoughtful token, courtesy of NASA. * However, there was no point. There was no hope of rescue, and no way to get back to the International Space Station. Hope in this situation could never thrive, nor grow... just like any other sort of life that dared to flourish out here. Matt's eyes bore into his visor screen. They were fixed on the blinking letters in front of him: O2 down to 30%. Those numbers only signified that he had thirty minutes left to live. The readings continued to beep... the seconds he had left on his watch limped painfully onward... slowly dying before him. Tick. Matt exhaled. White met with his polyurethane helmet, like a frosty breath upon a window on a winter night. Tick. Matt released another cold breath, his visor turning white again... the white faded... came back again. Darkness ruled over most of Matt's face. The only source of light that was strewn over him was the hazy green of his visor readings. Matt's eyes seared out of his helmet, staring at the Void. It stared back... with nothing to offer him. Nothing to help him get back home. Matt's gaze ventured out further... straining to see past this universe... and entered into the next world beyond this one. The next universe made eye contact with him. It stared at Matt... unwelcomingly, for he was a foreigner in its domain. Matt's eyes did not move. The next world smiled back at him. It spoke. You're going to die . Matt blinked. He could imagine it. It was a voice so cold, so devoid of human feeling. Something moved around inside of his gut like a furry little animal, burrowing around to find a safe place to hide from a predator. This place—this incalcuable, ancient place—knew that he was going to die. Almost as if the Void itself was a highly intelligent creature all its own. It was very aware... and very pleased with Matt's sacrificial death. This place was waiting for him to expire... so that it could have his crystallized, frozen body for… God knows what. Matt shut his eyes. A man should never be alone with his thoughts. It was the most dangerous thing in the world. But his sacrifical death meant something to someone. If this was the price he had to pay for Dr. Stone's life, so be it. He was fine with that... he just needed to learn to accept the fact that he was going to become just another piece of satellite debris orbiting the Earth. Orbit. And then, a single, solitary speck of an idea sank into Kowalski's head. His face lit up. His eyebrows joined together… his face forming into something serious. Orbit … Matt turned in his space suit. His eyes bared anxious curiosity—and reflected the eternal darkness of space. The ISS would be coming back. It did every ninety minutes. Every ninety minutes, the ISS came back, along with that killer Russian satellite debris. Matt had missed his first opportunity to board the station with Ryan only a few minutes ago. But what if… what if...? Matt closed his eyes to chalk up a quick equation. He had already spent ten minutes floating around up here. Alright, 90 minus 10 equalled 80. Thus, the ISS would be coming back in eighty minutes. If Matt had 30% oxygen left, he'd have thirty minutes left to live, since an astronaut's O2 level was the same as the amount of minutes it had before it ran out. If he had 80%, he'd have… Eighty minutes. And then it hit him. Matt's eyes tore open. He could make it. He could actually do this... if... It was crazy... it was outrageous... it was such a simple notion, it border lined on genius. He didn't use his oxygen. Matt furrowed his eyebrows, letting this this germinating seed of crazy innovation grow. If he discontinued his emergency oxygen, he should have been able to add fifty spare minutes to the remaining thirty he already had. That is, if he could hold off on oxygen for two minutes—forty times. Fifty plus thirty… made eighty percent oxygen... just enough to have for eighty minutes. He had Harvard to thank for pounding this much arithmetic into his head. He was so clever sometimes he thought he should just date himself. Matt looked up at his levels. O2 down to 29%. Matt stared at his visor. The red figures in front of him continued to blink. 29% . 29% . He had lost 1%. Matt's eyes began to wander. This was wishful thinking. The chances of getting out of this alive are none. Only a fool at the end of his fraying rope would consider holding your breath as a reliable alternative to save you. Matt's eyes dropped, and he turned over his wrist to view the face of his watch. The second hand was slowly inching its way to the top of the twelve. One silent tick. Another silent tick. It was a steel harbinger of certain death that was sure to come. Matt's dark eyes came up. He stared. Would this be crazy enough to work? He didn't have time to think about the reliability of his idea. He didn't have time to contemplate the most plausible outcome. Every second he spent thinking about it, he wasted by not doing it . He had to stop breathing—now. Matt inhaled. He took in a deep sip, filling every crack and crevice in his lungs. He could feel them expanding to their limit, and then he held. Everything went silent. The lonely call of space grew just a little louder. Matt then realized just how much he had taken the sound of his own breathing for granted. All throughout the STS-157 mission, it had been a constant reminder to him that something lived out here. Matthew reached up to his chest, and flipped Hank Williams Jr. back on. All of mankind sat below. Every soul, completely exposed. It was early morning in New Delhi, and the second half of the globe was cloaked in darkness. The earth sat and rotated in a blue glow. Matt drifted. His first session of holding his breath was almost up, and the skin of his lungs were as tight as a drum. He closed his eyes… pried them open. It was like high school Varsity swim team all over again... amazing how something so trivial would help in his career at NASA. Matt blinked, and then noticed his home planet before him. It turned in silence. Matt took a moment to look down at one part of the world. The sun was coming up over Pakistan. The jagged mountainside lit up, and casted shadows over the deep valleys and gorges. Matt looked at another part of the world. In the Himalayas, the sun hit the frost-covered mountains in a light orange. If anyone was scaling Mount Everest this morning, the sunrise would have been fantastic for them. Matt's eyes were glass. The globe turned upon his polyurethane helmet. It was mid-day in China… the busiest and most populated place in the world. What did the people of China do at this hour? Matt thought. Different, made-up people came into his mind. They were busy running to work... listening to traffic reports… meeting up with friends… falling in love. Maybe there was even someone who was looking up at the sky, observing the weather, or noticing a hazy moon on one of those rare occasions that it came out during the daytime. Perhaps they were taking a moment capture this strange occasion... appreciating anything else that was up there, and wondering about anything else that laid beyond the earth's atmosphere. Matt wanted to hug that person. He lifted his arm, checking his watch. His first session of holding his breath was almost up. The second hand hit the number twelve and marked two minutes. He could breathe again. Matt released a rush of air, causing his helmet to flare white. His heart beat a little faster, blood rushing through his veins to warm them up. As Matt took a minute to recover, he stole a glance up at his readings. O2: 29%. His O2 supply had held on for an extra two minutes. Excellent. Matt turned his wrist, checking his watch again. The second hand had reached the next whole number. He inhaled. He filled his lungs with fresh oxygen until they were about ready to tear apart, and then held. And waited. Matt lifted his eyes away from the Earth, letting them trek across the solar system. His pupils roved around in the darkness, peering into the depths of nothing. The frightful black eye of space stared back. The Void watched him... waiting... waiting for something... Matt's radio whined in and out. Hank Williams Jr.'s voice coiled and recoiled, becoming choppy. \"… Onder where you arr… \" Static crackled. Matt blinked, visibly vexed. Now what? \"… Copy… \" Matt's face softened. Something moved inside of him. It was the primitive drive of survival. Was that…? \" Matt, this is Ryan, copy? \" It was. Matt's eyes glistened; the reflection of earth lay thin on his helmet. They had reestablished contact. Matt started to open his mouth... but he caught himself. No. Matt's expression tightened in dismay. He gave up his view of the Earth, and surrendered his eyes once more to the darkness surrounding him. No, please... not now... Ryan's voice popped and fizzed over the whining transmission. \"… I made it… I'm here… \" Ryan said over the static,\" …On the station… do you copy? \" Something pounded against Matt's chest, hindering his speech. He heisitated... unsure what to do. He couldn't figure out if this rush of adrenaline was the sudden hope of a potential rescue, or just hearing the sound of Ryan's voice again. Matt's mouth closed, tightening up. In order to copy, he needed to speak… which released oxygen. \" Come on, Matt, talk to me... \" Ryan said over the radio. \" Tell me where you are, give me your position. Where are you? Give me a visual, just tell me what you see. \" Matt's gaze was fixed on nothing in particular. His eyes sat dead. He came out of it, beginning to turn inside of his suit... gazing down below. The Earth turned. Seven billion below went about their day... oblivious to the situation that was just above their heads. \" Oh, come on ,\" Ryan said. \" You've been yammering since we left Cape Canaveral, now you decide to shut up? \" Silence. Matt closed his eyes. She probably thought that the worst, comprehensible thing had happened to him. His gut twisted. There were no words to describe just how guilty he felt for helping Ryan to believe that... \" Talk to me,\" Ryan said. \"Just say something, say anything, I don't care! \" It could have been the faulty transmission... but something in her voice was cracking. It caught Matt's attention. It almost tempted him to give in. He paused, wanting to listen to more of it. It made him feel... like he mattered. His glance rolled away. He wanted to say something to calm her down. He wanted to tell her to keep it together, to keep her head on... not to worry about him... to tell her that she was going to be alright. But that would have its own consequences. If he breathed a single word back to her, Ryan would immediately jump at the first opportunity to come back for him... and her one shot at survival would have gone right down the drain. That was not about to happen on Matt's watch. They both didn't have the time—or the resources to do this together anymore. Matt blinked, pained. He reached upward... And flicked his radio off. The purest of all silences came in between them. Matt looked up, and gave Ryan a gaze across the Void. He copied back to her in his head. Can't . Wish I could. There was an undiluted, crystal-clear silence. In that moment, Matt began to understand the lonely ache that reigned within the universe just a little bit better. His radio crackled. Hank Williams Jr.'s guitar whined back in. \" That lonesome whippoorwill… he sounds too blue to fly… I'm so lonesome I could cry.\" Even though his country music had come back on, the Void remained ever silent. It was a deathly silence. It was a silence that could be deeply treasured, for those who truly sought it... or deeply feared. This type of silence could make a man wonder just how much of it should be taken in. If he wasn't careful, he would soon want to hear something… anything else other than this silent roar. And when the Void would not grant his request, he would slowly start to unwind, and beg for the darkness to communicate with him… plead for the Void to send him a noise… even if it wasn't from a human being. A rock, a piece of satellite debris, something . Something to reassure him that he wasn't alone in this universe. But the horrible, sad truth was—he was. Matt then looked up, realizing the full scope of what he had just done. Hank Williams Jr. yodeled in his ears, but he couldn't hear it. He had just said no to help. His country music gradually became noise to him. It grew colder, and colder. The Void bore unspeakable darkness into his body, and Matt could feel it grinning all around him. He was all alone, now. * The Secondary Oxygen Pack (SOP) is a real feature used by NASA to give an astronaut 30 more minutes of oxygen when the Primary Life Support System drops too low. Feel free to look up \"Secondary Oxygen Pack\" on a search engine to read more about it. Please leave a Review![Chapter 2] Author's Note: The more suspenseful part of this Chapter was written to the piece, \" Parachute \" from the Gravity soundtrack. I highly recommend listening to it after the 6 minute mark if you want the full effect of this Chapter. Enjoy. August 28th, 2013 248 miles above Earth -239 °F Psi: 0.0019 Coordinates: 15°11'06.82\" N, by 22°00'21.66\" E 10:23 PM, United States ET Matt had been looking into his mirror to pass time during his oxygen conservation sessions. He rolled over his wrist. A couple of stars gleamed back at him, like lost diamonds floating amidst a black sea. Matt moved his wrist back and forth. Back… forth. It wasn't watching NASCAR, but it was something to do—just to get his mind off of his current situation. It helped, but it was beginning to grow stale. Matt parted his gaze from his mirror. He stared ahead. Blackness stared back at him. It pierced through his body with such a perfect mystiousness that no human was meant to understand. Matt would never wish this kind of silence to anyone on earth. This place was too lonely. Too dark. Too… off. Matt looked up, his eyes roving outer space for something. The stars glared at him. There was something about them that didn't make them seem so beautiful anymore if you stared at them long enough. They were all like eyes, glowing millions of light years away. It felt like they were watching him. Matt's eyes waded harder through the black abyss... his eyes growing darker with every turn. His gaze crept up to a mass scatter of stars. As the burning white specks stared at him, and as he stared back... Matt came to a resolute realization: something else was out here. It was something that lived inside of networks and networks of computers. It was something that hid in the back corner of everyone's minds. Everyone knew it existed. They felt it. They sensed it. But no one ever admits it. It was like one of those old movies where the hero knew that someone was behind them... watching him. He could feel their eyes on his back, and as the music in the background begins to grow, telling the hero to look behind him, look behind him… the hero turns around… and the person in question is not there. But nothing was out here. Nothing except Matt, and presumably Ryan. He knew better. Life in space was impossible. There was no thing watching him. There is , a cold voice said. Matt blinked. The temperature inside of his suit plummeted... and icy pearls shot through his blood. Where had that come from? Matt's eyes hardened, something bitter flickering inside of him. He had recognized this voice from earlier. ...Or maybe that's just my imagination talking whack , the other half of him spat back. But that did not silence the voice. It spoke again. 'Maybe' it's your imagination? it said. It sounds like you're not quite convinced yourself. Matt stared. How could anyone posses such a voice like this inside of them? Matt shut his eyes... and two words seeped into his head. Zip it. Silence. The voice left him alone... but it stayed, lingering somewhere in his mind for next time. Matt clenched his jaw and opened his eyes... glaring darkly into nothing. He was arguing with himself... up here, without a soul in sight for the next thousand miles. This is what crazy people do. Talk to themselves. But Matthew Kowalsky didn't have time to go crazy right now. No, sir, he had much more important things to do. He had to keep it together... just keep it together... because a good commander always keeps it together. Even in situations where he had every right to break down. Matt felt another minute coming to a close. He raised his wrist, checking his watch. 10:23 . It was also going on eight-thirty in Dallas right now... his hometown. The sky was always taken for granted in Texas. It was the best type of sky to stargaze under. It held the window to look into the next universe. Matt could still remember one night where he sat underneath it in his father's '73 pickup. He was with one of his first girlfriends... Jennifer Fairfield. She and him sat on the tailgate, their arms wrapped around their knees. They stared up into the depths of space. \"Matt, it's been an hour, my butt is sore, and I don't see anything. Can we go back inside now?\" \"Keep looking.\" Jen sighed. She looked up and skimmed the stars, as if searching for something hidden up in the heavens. The lonely hum of crickets rang in the air. Matt gazed up and pointed. \"That one is called Alnitak. It's supposed to be bigger and brighter than our sun. It's a part of the Orion—or Horsehead nebula. You like horses, right?\" \"Ugh!\" Jen lolled her head, and fell back into Matt's chest. Matt looked down. \"Oh, that hurts...\" Jen lifted her head up. \"Matt, can we talk about something that's not related to outer space?\" \"Sure, no problem. We can talk about… your hair. I think the only reason why there's a clear sky tonight is because you burned up the Ozone layer with your hairspray.\" \"Uh-huh… very funny.\" \"C'mon, babe. Please try to show some respect. Most people don't appreciate this.\" Jen threw out a sigh. She scootched up a little straighter. And then, Matt exploded with glee. He shot up and stood on the tailgate, pointing his finger heavenward. \" THERE! There, there!\" Jen gazed up, the wind beginning to gather in her flyaways. She locked her eyes on the black vastness of space. A white speck shot across the sky. Another one followed. Soon, hundreds of white flecks gathered speed in the same direction, and were flung across the heavens like a silent hailstorm. Matt and Jen kept looking up. The meteors flew over their heads. They eventually slowed down, and came to an innocent stop. Jen and Matt didn't say anything for a while. They sat together in silence, and kept looking up somewhere together. It was a night that was buried away in his memories. Matt hadn't thought about that night in years. Their relationship didn't last... like all high school romances. She and him had went their separate ways. They both shared different interests. Matt looked down at his wrist, examining his mirror. Maybe there was something wrong with him—if not psychotic—for wanting to be an astronaut. He could have been a dentist… or an insurance agent. But no. It had to be astronaut for some reason. A mysterious dot in his mirror twinkled at him, and then gave out. Matt settled his attention on it. It gleamed at him again, and then it gave out. It was twirling. It was behind him, heading in his direction. Matt turned. His eyes contracted, and the reflection of the object twinkled in his dark irises. The debris. Matt let go of his breath and burst into his communications assembly. \"Houston, Houston in the blind, this is Commander Matt Kowal—\" He didn't finish his sentence. A piece of debris the size of a Boeing 777, twirled in mid-air, slammed against a larger piece of debris, and split it in half. It exploded into a million, sparkling bits. Shrapnel flailed through space. A silver dot zipped past him. Matt turned to watch it. It barreled into oblivion. Another metal scrap shot past him, fleeing to the edge of the universe. Matt turned around again and spoke. He put on a frustrated smirk. \"Ah, nevermind Houston…!\" he said. \"Call back and leave a message if you get this...\" Matt signed off, and then turned to eye the collection of debris before him. A wave of silver specks tumbled their way through the cosmos, and among them, was a large white one. The International Space Station. It soared like an oversized dragonfly, sailing faster and faster at 17,000 miles an hour. Matt looked up in his helmet to check his readings. O2 down to 1%. This was going to be down to the wire. Some hesitation lingered in the back of Matt's mind. The International Space Station looked bigger the last time he saw it. But Matt shoved all hints of doubt to the back of his head. He didn't have time for that. Five-hundred yards away: The International Space Station glided faster. Faster. Matt stared it down. Four-hundred yards. It looked like it was gaining an angry amount of speed as it approached him. Or maybe that was just Matt. Three-hundred yards. Two-hundred yards. Matt didn't dare blink. One-hundred yards. It was here. It hit him with a bone-crunching thud . Matt yelled, and he was tossed up into space. The ISS cruised on, a graceful giant sailing past him. His head surged. Instructions pounded through his head. Grab something, grab something. The station flew by in a lithe, smooth orbit. Hank Williams Jr. sang away. \"Did you ever see a robin weep, when leaves begin to die?\" Matt flung out a hand, reaching for a steel bar. He grabbed it. But it slipped out of his fist. \"R'AGH!\" \"It means he's lost the will to live...\" Matt's ribs rammed against the station's solar panels. He bounced up, then came crashing down. He reached out in a vain attempt to grab something. He was sliding at hundreds of miles an hour. It was like sliding down the side of a skyscraper and trying to grab onto the glass windows while using only your winter gloves. \"Argggah!\" Matt toppled through space. The Void watched the entire time. The space station rattled onward, knocking Matt around on the solar panels. He heaved air in and out of his lungs. His boot skidded along the panel underneath him, and it flipped him head over heels. He tumbled over... and over. He threw out a few yells, muffled rumbling pulsing through his suit. He barrelled upside-down and reached up, pushing his hands up on the panel to stay in place. Through his helmet, foggy, scratchy images shot past him. Red and white stripes, silver bars, white bolts, copper foil, black panels. Familiar station modules tore past him… Harmony... Columbus . They all soared past, falling further and further behind—bidding him farewell. It would be the last time he would ever see them again if he did not make it. He had to grab something— anything on this blasted satellite. A parachute cord slithered aimlessly past him. He considered, but he shot past. Missed. A white bar hit his knee—and a waft of deployed parachute skirt flew into his helmet. It lifted up and away once Matt flew through it. He was slowing down—losing momentum. Matt began to twirl rather than spin. The end of the station grew ominously near. Nearer. This wasn't going to happen. This couldn't happen. Matt kicked, trying to gain momentum again. He turned, circling around and around. The International Space Station roared past him. It flew onward... onward… It was going to happen. The space station parted from him. Matt rotated right-side up... exploding into a loss of composure, once he saw how far it had gotten. \"No, NO, NO! \" His screams were all in vain. The International Space Station... his one chance at survival... had left him. It spared no sympathy because it was a machine... and the only reason why it was here was to continue its lonely orbit four-hundred kilometers above the Earth. It soared gracefully over the Pacific ocean, showing Matt the taillights. Matt rotated. He felt his brain begin to scramble for answers as to why there wasn't more oxygen. It was getting strenuous to breathe. Matt huffed, puffed; fighting for breath. Never, in all of his career at NASA, had it ever gotten this bad before. Nothing was coming into his lungs. He was taking in more oxygen than what was left in his suit. He knew that. He tried to stop, but he couldn't. It felt like he would suffer from bodily harm if he did. His heartbeats were not quiet. They hammered against the inside of his flesh, fighting to escape bodily imprisonment. Matt looked up, burning a hole through his visor. Those horrific numbers froze on the screen before him. O2 down to 0%. The panic did not kick in right away. It was slow, tantalizing… like when a fly gets caught up in a spider's web. The fly knows that its situation is unfortunate, but it is until the fly actually sees the spider coming down to greet him—the one who will deliver its ultimate demise—does the fly realize how bad its situation had just gotten. Matt closed his eyes. Keep it together... just keep it together. And then—one of the biggest, core-cracking impacts that had ever distressed the astronaut, exploded into his back—and was thrown forward. Matthew Kowalski flung across the universe. He yelled... and the Void watched. Everything stopped. Darkness bloomed in front of his eyes like black roses. The veins behind his ears throbbed... the sound of his slowly decreasing heartbeat chomping down on them, a sound so crystal-clear. Thud, thud. Thud. Thud. Thud. Everything roared back to life when he hit the International Space Station. \"AH!\" He had caught up to the ISS. His stomach slammed down on the Japanese Experiment Module, and he pinwheeled off to the side. It felt like a truck had just greeted his side. Matt grunted, straining to keep his expressions of torment to himself. He was spinning. Something exploded out of his back. It introduced itself with a large hiss. Something blinked furiously at Matt. He looked up. 14.0 psi. 13.2 psi. 12.6 psi. His numbers, his numbers were dropping, why? Matt shut his eyes... heaving his lungs in and out for the last scraps of air he had left in his suit. Everything was falling apart. He stretched out a white glove, palm out and open... hoping that something—some thing —would cross paths with it in the abundance of chaos happening around him. He kept his eyes shut, with one word searing through his body the entire time. Please. And just like that, a gray tether clinked into his knuckle. Matt's lids ripped open. He snatched it, fastening both hands onto it. The tether jerked outward, the slack tightening... but Matthew Kowalsky did not let go. He had a hold of something. Matt smiled half-heartedly. But the tether—his lifeline—skidded a few inches out of his glove. Matt's smile vanished. He held on ever tighter. The tether skidded another inch... two inches outward. The astronaut's gloves were too thick. His fists were resisting to properly clasp around the tether. It was like trying to close your fingers once they had bared a cold winter day without protection... nearly impossible. The slack at the end of the tether snaked around Matt's arm, deciding to fool around with him. Matt violently seized it in a fit of anger. It cooperated this time, and stayed firm in his grasp. Matt looked up towards his lifeline's destination. It led up to the Quest airlock. Matt extended a white glove and climbed up. It was humid inside of his helmet. He climbed up. Left, right until he came up to the airlock door. He grabbed the doorway latch. But then he paused. He couldn't figure out what to do next. Something erupted into a violent, silent explosion behind him, shrapnel flinging every which way like enormous razors. Matt keeled over. He was light-headed. Ink spots blotted around his field of vision, the life beginning to get sucked out of him. His blood flow began to take a more leisurely stroll throughout his body. Matt was using every part of his body to breath, now. His arms, his stomach. It was so difficult to think. He slammed a frustrated fist into wall of the Quest airlock—four inches away from oxygen. Something then spoke to him. Not the cold voice, but something deep inside of him. Something that was not afraid and had not been affected by the oxygen deprivation. Focus. The satellite debris ripped through the ISS like shattered glass to a piece of fabric. Matt wanted to stop and sleep more than anything. He fought against every blistering fiber within him that protested against his efforts, and pried the door open to the space station. The hatch lifted up, and then sealed back shut again. One heave wasn't enough. There wasn't enough strength in his arm to get the door open. The thing deep inside of him spoke again. Yes, there is. Yes, there is. Matt's eyeballs were reeling. He shut them tight. He gathered every resourceful drop of strength he had left in him, and ripped the door away from the ISS to the point where his muscles went into shock, and threatened to give out if he ever bestowed this much abuse upon them ever again. He gave a primal shout. Pulling, and pulling, it swung all the way open. It shot out, almost tossing Matt back into the death trap blowing up around him, but he reacted quickly, and gripped the latch handle hard enough for it to fuse into his hand. Another chain of explosions blew up behind him, a horrific red and amber. Metal scraps zipped across the Void in arbitrary directions, starving to reign terror elsewhere. Matt kicked his legs around, positioning himself horizontal. He slipped inside, feet first. He gripped onto the inner handle, and reeled it in, sucking every bit of outer space back outside where it belonged. The hatch slammed shut. Matt made it to the International Space Station.[Chapter 3] Author's Note: I apologize for posting Chapter 3 a day after my deadline. I just had so much to do yesterday, I couldn't get this Chapter done in time. I take my deadlines very seriously, so I'll try to never have it happen again. Reviews welcome. August 28th, 2013 Quest Joint Airlock, 250 miles above Earth -20° F 0.0044 psi Coordinates: 16 39'36.64\" N, by 39 21'01.00\" E 10:41 PM, United States EST Screaming alarms. Everywhere. Matt cranked the handle on the hatch door and sealed it tight. Round and round it went, and then it stopped. He turned, lost eyes roaming the cabin. Two things. He only had to do two things: pressurize the airlock, and let in oxygen. This would be so much easier if he could think straight. Matt waved a hand around, drowning in a haze of carbon dioxide. He wheezed something that didn't even sound human anymore… it sounded more like animal. He panted with increased intensity, but his lungs refused to expand any further. A stuttering choke slipped passed his lips. Oh, terrific. Matt's hand hit the wall, searching for the button responsible to stabilize the air pressure. He had done this so many times before… now, where was it… where was it? The space station groaned something painful… thuds pounded from the ceiling and walls. There was a rumbling from somewhere deep inside of it. The walls quivered. The emergency systems would not shut up. Red things blinked on the wall panel, doing everything in their power to remind Matt just how much peril he was in. Matt was having trouble seeing. His vision was growing dark. Blur, fade… blur, fade. Everything was going black. Matt's eyes flickered closed. He was about to dip into unconsciousness… in the worst time in human comprehension. Matt's hand slid down the wall… knocking into stray buttons and gauges like some kind of bumbling drunk… a few of them beeping upon contact. It felt like he was falling asleep. Matt shook his head to fight it off. He came back awake… but only for a moment. Black. Everything was black. His eyesight was out. But he could still feel around. Matt's finger met with a small button that emitted a beep when pressed. The cabin began to hiss. That sounded familiar. That had to be it. He hoped that that was it. Task two. Matt raised an arm. The drowsiness kicked in harder. Matt turned a knob on the wall to the left, causing the airlock to produce a lighter hiss this time. It chorused together with the air pressure hissing along with it. An electronic scale that read OXYGEN LEVEL blinked on the wall. A needle beside the scale rose faster. 0%. 10%. 40%. 70%. The hissing then stopped. The alarms on the station stopped screeching… and there was a glorious silence. There was air in the cabin, now. Matt was afraid that he couldn't shake it off one more time. Life was leaving him. The fringes of his body stung cold and hard. A dark comfort embraced him, beginning to silence the distress he was experiencing, and it did not let go of its conclusive grip. Matt felt around for his neck, touching the locks his helmet… wondering if he could do it. His fingers made odd shapes. They dug at the locks, unable to perform the task of just unhooking the latches as Matt was tipping over the ledge of death. One click… two clicks, it was off. Matt pulled the helmet off. He inhaled. Air. It hurt it first, but along with it came the wonderful spurt of life shooting through everything inside of him. It was hard to get his lungs to work. They were tired and didn't want to. Matt forced in another breath. Another one. His surroundings slowly came back into focus… the cabin, buttons, gauges. Everything grew sharper from a hazy blur. Matt closed his eyes. He leaned in, resting his forehead on the wall in front of him. He stayed there on that wall… sucking in oxygen as if it was all just for him. The Earth turned silently below out the porthole window. There was a certain peace that radiated inside of the airlock that excelled all others that Matt had known. His body rotated in zero g. Matt rose his hand to the wall, placing it there to hold still. Breathe in. Breathe out. Repeat. Matt held his eyes shut. For a moment, there was some brief reassurance that ran through his mind that everything now was going to be alright. He took his time breathing—and coughed. Matt's helmet floated within the airlock. It turned upside-down… drifting aimlessly like a glassy planet. Matt's eyes pried open, exhausted. He stared down at the cabin floor... and his mind went somewhere else. He was alive. His plan had worked. Matt stared at nothing. And then… after a moment… he did something that even somewhat surprised himself. He smiled. It was a small, triumphant twitch across his face. He couldn't believe that he had just gotten out of that one. You think that was a close enough shave? Matt then hung his head, a wider grin breaking through his face. He chortled, his eyes pierced shut. He found everything that had just happened funny. He was that close to death. And it was at some cosmic, ridiculous level at how narrowly he had just escaped from it. This was all too elaborate for it to be just an accident. It was all too... too perfect. He almost wanted burst into communications and say, \"Houston, was that all just a huge joke?\" And then—out of the abundance of loneliness and silence, Matt keeled over and pressed his head against the airlock wall, exploding into a laughing fit. The earth outside the window turned, just as it always did. It watched the commander from a far distance. Matt couldn't help it. He laughed and he laughed, and he couldn't hear his voice anymore, because this whole ordeal was so insane! The scenario played in his head... shouting at Mission Control as his eyes welled up... \" Houston, are you TRYING to kill me?! Did you set this whole thing up because everyone down there was tired of my incessant RAMBLING? I know that I talk a lot, but I didn't think it was that bad! Oh, that was hysterical, Houston! Really hysterical… over .\" Matt pulled his head up from the wall, and he smiled somewhere into the lights of the cabin. This would be one sick prank. Matt chuckled again, snapping out of it. He straightened himself out, but then he coughed again. Again. Matt reeled forward in pain as something ripped through him. It felt like a piece of his side had just been pulled out. His breath was cut short. It was getting hard to breathe again. Matt pushed himself away from the wall. He was lightheaded. Why? Matt quickly glanced up at his hands. His fingers couldn't keep still… they quivered, his bones ringing like a large bell that had been struck. He looked at his hands in some kind of halfhearted daze. Darkness crept up inside of his eyes again, fading, seeing double. Something was wrong. Matt turned, his eyes beginning to fail again. His breaths were light whistles. He didn't get it. The airlock was pressurized. The oxygen was on. Therefore, he should have been fine. Why, why was it still so hard to breathe? And then, Matt lifted his head. His eyes crept up like the sunrise, spreading light over the whole earth... like the way one's eyes look when they have a revelation. Matt's memory started to come back to him. Something had hit him. Back there. When his psi levels plunged. Matt then had a feeling he knew the problem. He only hoped that he was wrong. Matt let go of the wall. He remained, floating. He immediately began to remove the torso of his suit. There were two pieces to the suit that screwed together. Matt pulled in his arms, undoing it from the inside. He twisted his torso piece off, and it floated lifelessly off of his body, drifting across the cabin. It knocked into the wall, twirling elsewhere. Matt sharpened his eyes and shoved it away. A light flickered from inside the cabin. Matt twirled around, seizing the lower half of his suit, and began to push it off. He twisted it back and forth, his legs pulling out from the inside. Matt stole a glance up, and saw the upper half to his torso piece floating above his head. Matt grabbed it, and pulled in the suit piece down to his level to bring underneath examining eyes. Matt twirled the torso piece around, flipping it over in mid-air. His backpack was now right-side up. What he saw made him stop. His eyes cracked open wider, white. Something indeed had hit him. A large dent had jammed the inside of it, and his entire backpack had collapsed in. A jagged tear ran up alongside his Life Support Systems pack, like a knife to aluminum foil. Whatever had hit him—had hit him good. Matt's eyes scanned the backpack up and down … searching for something. He found the zipper that opened it up. Matt seized it, yanking it down. The zipper then followed his hand… running along the sides and the edges—twisting and turning along his EVA backpack. The zipper came to a dead end and halted to a stop. A canister floated upward. Matt stared at it… wheezing. The canister was green, and it drifted upwards towards the ceiling. It bore a large, sharp dent as well... right where Matt had been socked in the back. Matt reached up to grab it, and pulled it towards him, the small hose slithering along in zero g. Upon closer inspection, Matt discovered that it was the canister that was responsible for maintaining the air pressure within his suit. Matt peered into the little gauge that sat on top of the can, and saw that the needle inside was resting at 0 psi . 0 psi. Matt looked at it… something glossed over in his eyes. He gawked at that number. He just stared at it… as though he were expecting the can to suddenly speak up and give him some kind of explanation. His air pressure. His air pressure had plummeted too low. That was why he still having trouble breathing. To an astronaut, air pressure… was just as important as oxygen. A cold draft blew over Matt. That horrible voice inside of his head spoke again. I hope you've got a killer plan for this one, buddy. It was a tone that didn't sound remotely close to humane. Matt curled up. He was on the verge of a total blackout. He pulled in his legs. They stung and prickled… the same way one's does when they fall asleep. He lost all feeling in them. Something was wrong. Really wrong. The lights aboard the ISS were giving in. Flicker. Flicker. The walls rattled. Matt's breathing was labored. It felt like somebody was strangling him. He heaved his breaths out, shutting his eyes, a ton of bricks sitting in his chest. When one first learns to become an astronaut, they are sent to NASA's buoyancy center to train the body for extensive pressure, as well as a harsher environment. Matthew Kowalski remembered that day very clearly. It was emphasized to know just how important this condition was. Pieces of that day reverberated through him. \" Symptoms… \" Matt's eyelids were coming down… \" Nausea, shortness of breath… when air pressure fluctuates too suddenly… \" Matt's lids closed. \" Decreased motor activity… nitrogen bubbles… blood... \" Matt opened his eyes… unable to see anything. The lights decided to burst out. The airlock plunged into black, and Matt was just a silhouette floating in space. The porthole window let in a sliver of moonlight, calling Matt back to the dark realm outside that was only inches away from him. The lights came back on, and they branded Matt's face with bright lights. He shut his eyes, and curled in in mid-orbit on the ISS. \" Decompression sickness… terminal without prompt treatment. \" The ISS hummed calmly. Every rivet inside of the space station purred mechanically, electricity running through it like the blood inside of someone's veins. It was waiting for something. It watched every corner of the space station, alert and ready. But it wasn't for Matt. Matt Kowalski floated on the other end of the module and faced a long corridor. He sported a navy blue shirt and Khakis. Matt stared ahead. It was dark. The walls of the space station stared back at him. It was a hard, cold stare, like they were trying to communicate something important. The temperature was falling with every progressive inch Matt took forward. He headed onward, and descended down a long module of white, insulated walls, and unruly wires growing from them. The whirring lights above Matt seared into his eyes. He squinted, his vision gradually unfocusing and refocusing. He flopped his hand on a bar. Clink. Matt stifled a grunt—clenching his jaw. He pulled himself forward, gliding parallel along the wall. His arms weighed a ton, but he had to ignore it. There was nitrogen in his blood. He needed to fix it. He was 250 miles away from home… without a soul in sight for miles… with Decompression sickness. But there was a hyperbaric chamber down inside of the habitation module. Matt would have to go down there, and use it for oxygen therapy to save himself. Matt could see the end of the module. It was so far away. It was like one of those dreams where you're going down a long hallway, but no matter how much you try to go forward, you never get any closer. You pull away… back and back… back towards the horrible thing that is coming after you. Speaking of horrible things... There was an overabundance of silence. He was alone with his thoughts. The cold voice decided that this would be a good time to return to him again. It spoke. It's inspiring in way, you refusing to give up. Matt's eyeballs went up, irked. Matt pulled himself forward, and slapped a hold of another steel bar. He brought himself another inch closer to the habitation module. Clink. Keep going, the voice said. Keep fighting, Matt… you pretentious little big shot. The more you fight to survive, the more we're going to have a good time … and I know how much you like to have a good time. As Matt listened to this voice, he slowed his pace a little bit, and noticed something strange. This voice sounded almost—but not quite… just like him. The owner of the voice sounded like him… and to a degree, it even looked like him… almost like a long-lost brother or cousin that he rarely ever saw. But at the same time, he wasn't anything like the carefree, happy and charming guy that Matthew Kowalski naturally was. They were alike, but the opposite… like something he'd see in a mirror. Matt could picture him. Matt's reflection would probably be standing before him… smiling… and maybe with darker five o'clock. He bared teeth like that of a dog that may, or may not bite you. Matt pressed on, grabbing another bar. Clunk. The lights above him whirred. Matt stole a glance up. They flickered and played around, sending some sort of cosmic Morse code to him through the space station. Matt stared. They stopped. What was that? The Other Matt grinned. The next thing he said, was relatively off the wall. It's the Thing, Matt. The Commander then stopped. Matt closed his eyes. He tried to replay what he just heard in his head. NASA didn't train him for this. \"What… 'thing?' \" he huffed. Other Matt was silent. He let those words sink in a little bit before he continued. He spoke again... but this time, stifling some sort of giddiness. Why, don't you know, buddy? he said. It's the Thing that lives up here. It saw you outside… when you came in here… all nice and cozy, thinking you were safe in here. But you know better, don't you, Matt? We all know better. You know you're going to die, and you know that no one will mourn you. Heh … no, not even the pretty medical engineer. Matt grabbed another bar. He glanced farther ahead. The habitation module was now in his sight. The lights down the module flickered like a lighthouse, beckoning its call to him. He had to get down there. Matt kept going. And Other Matt did the same. But the good thing is, it won't be long, now. Soon, It will speak with you. It will find you. You can't escape from it, pal. It's waiting. It's watching you right now, Matt. The coldest, darkest thing ever brought upon this universe. But the Thing will wait to come for you. It waits until Its victims are in despair. There is a difference between giving up hope, and despairing. Do you know what despair looks like, Matt? Have you ever seen a dead fish? Sure you have. You went fishing with your old man in the summer of '65. You remember. How its eyes are all flat and gray… with that sallow plea lost forever behind its gaping eyes. That's what despair looks like. The Thing loves despair. It's the coldest of all human emotions. It loves everything to be as dark and as cold as it can get. It feeds off of that stone-dead look in a person's eyes when they know that they don't have a ray of light to save them. Like with your situation. Matt's face contorted a little as he slowly inch-wormed his way across the station. Clearly, this voice was nuts. And it was still talking. It will speak with you soon. And when it does, you're going to finally lose it. You are going to be completely at your wits end, screaming and begging to be taken home. And only then, It will come. It will come and save you, and take you away … f ar, far away from this horrible accident and bring you peace of mind, like nothing ever even happened. And the two of you will live here forever—drift together into incalculable depths for all eternity. Matt finally lost his temper. \"Oh, shut up!\" he said, and flashed the ceiling a glare. \"There is no thing . This thing doesn't exist… and it certainly isn't coming for m—\" The lights dampened. Matt stopped and looked up. They faded back on again, reemerging from a world of black. They remained on. Matt stared at them. The ISS systems were still faulty from getting pummeled with debris outside. It had to be coincidence. It was the only logical explanation. Matt reached the habitation module, and the hypobaric chamber was now in front of him. It was white, and just big enough to hold a body. It looked like a coffin. It lay upright against the wall, a safe haven for those afflicted with critical pressure fluctuations. Matt extended an arm, reaching for the sliding hatch. It slid open, curling around the plastic pod. He had never used this provision before during his career as an astronaut. But now he had to try and figure it out. Matt searched the front for some kind of a knob, a button or a switch… something with a distinctive uniqueness. There was a circular button on the side. It held the universal power emblem. Matt stabbed his thumb into it. It glowed white, and something inside the chamber began to hum ominously. Matt slammed a palm down on the door hatch, and hauled it open. It glided sideways, and Matt slipped in. He stayed in there... and eventually passed out only seven minutes afterward.[Chapter 4] August 28th, 2013 Tranquility Module, 254.5 miles above Earth 68° F 41.0 psi Coordinates: 29 51'20.66\" N, by 124 56'26.40\" W 11:32 PM, United States EST If there's one truth about terror, it's that sometimes, one is able to hear the sound of it if you pay close enough attention. It only happens for a moment. So listen closely. When a dog jumps out to bite you, you can hear the blare of horns. When you're deep underwater and swimming for the surface, those terrible, disembodied strings in your mind play as the uncertainty rises of whether or not you're going to make it. So the next time you think that you hear it, pay attention. This is your body's way of letting you know that you know better than to tell yourself that you're scared for no reason. Make no mistake. You aren't. It was the blackest of blacks. Everything, was covered in it. A small white dot rested in the middle of nowhere. The International Space Station. It glided along, searching the depths of space for something unimportant. It floated over the earth. Quiet, still oceans gleamed up at it. A harmonious place for life to live. Anything that had the chance to live down there on earth took its home for granted. The impact happened quickly. A violent explosion split open the station, and shattered everything inside of it. The station broke apart, exploding into tiny, incalculable fractals. They zipped and whined, soaring to the edge of the universe to notify it of his termination. Matt awoke, jerking back to life. He breathed in. Out. He glanced up to recall just where he was. He was 250 miles away from home. In a hyperbaric chamber. On the International Space Station. This nightmare was still going on. Matt exhaled, slower this time. He regained composure. There wasn't a problem breathing anymore. He felt fine. The decompression sickness was gone. But he decided to take it slow, for good measure. Matt opened the sliding door, and it slid to the side. He let himself out, and gave himself a push off of his polyurethane coffin. As he floated off, a thought came back to his mind. The radio. He had to get to the main radio in the Unity module. The Unity module, was a little nook that held a HAM radio with enough frequencies to communicate with just about anyone. If Matt could get to it, he might have still had a chance at contacting Houston again. Matt drifted down a corridor. The lights buzzed and flickered. It was a depressing sound. It was like the station couldn't make up its mind whether or not to stay lit. The wires on the walls slunk out and kicked up gold sparks. One slithered out for Matt, sputtering and coughing. He craned his neck to avoid it, and then glided past it. Matt drifted up. The space debris has pummeled most of everything on the station. It was nearly totaled. Matt came up to a window where metal bits twirled away into the dark backdrop of space. Matt stopped himself, grabbed the porthole, and stared out it. Out of the abyss of darkness, a vast collection of tiny, silver bits twirled away, performing silent acrobatics. The Japanese station, the Harmony module… all of it was gone… finding purpose someplace else. Matt watched them, drifting off into the unknown. They were all gone… and now, a new problem lay before him: the space station wasn't in one piece anymore. Matt stared. Emotions conflicted in his eyes. A familiar mode twinkled at him, winking him farewell. It was tiny. It was fleeting. It almost looked sad. The Unity module. That... was the Unity module. Matt couldn't move. He stared. He couldn't use the radio. Without the radio—without the Unity module—he could not contact anyone back on Earth. This was bad. This was very bad. Matt snapped out of it and blinked. He pressed his thumb into his brow. \"Alright, what do we do now, Matt? What do we do…\" There had to be some way... some way that he could use a HAM radio to try and reach Houston again. Matt thought long and hard, scanning over every possible alternative for a radio that he was aware of. There were always HAM radios on the Soyuz , but they were both gone. Matt stopped thinking. His eyebrow twitched. Wait. One of the Soyuzes was gone? But… how… And then it clicked. Ryan. Matt smiled. This realization was enough of a distraction to get his mind off of his current situation. He peered out the porthole window. Nothing was out there except for the vast depths of space. Matt nodded. \"Good girl.\" However, his smirk began to break apart when he remembered that he needed a ticket out of here, too. Both of the Soyuzes were gone Which made getting back to Earth impossible. And that, spelled disaster. If Matt couldn't use a Soyuz to get back to Earth, he'd need to find a different way. Matt gaze's roamed outside the porthole window. He thought. It was like being on a sinking ship without an lifeboats left. With all of the lifeboats on this station gone, and/or rendered useless, there was nothing else on this station that could carry him- And then Matt's eyes tore wide open… a thought exploded in his mind... the cogs turned… Wait a minute, wait a minute … There was another lifeboat! The crew prior to Explorer had the mission of assembling an escape pod to the space station. The Dragon V2. It was SpaceX's newest invention. Matt had forgotten all about it. In short, SpaceX was like a distant cousin of NASA. They had a pretty good future, despite them being amateurs in space exploration. They had designed the Dragon with a high frequency radio, which was crucial to Matt, and the pod was built to carry people back to Earth. However, it was still brand new. No one had ever used it before. Including Matt. But it was his only shot. There were no other lifeboats on this station to save him, and he had to find out where this pod was docked at. It was his only hope. Matt looked up, and something glinted in his eyes. He couldn't believe that forgot all about it. He had just sent Ryan to Tiangong for nothing. But she was leaving breadcrumb trails. Each one that he found made Matt feel more confident about her finding a way out of here. She had been through tougher things in life. She had guts that she didn't know about yet. Matt had a feeling… just like how he had a bad feeling about this mission… that somehow, someway… Ryan was going to be alright. However, coming back to him, all Matt knew was that he was a man on a mission, now: Find the Dragon pod. No matter what happened. Matt drifted through countless corridors. He kept moving. He pushed himself forward, but with something on his mind: he had no space suit. Without a space suit, he was at a higher risk for exposure to space. Which was something to consider, since the space debris outside had ripped through the station like tin foil, and now any hatch he came across could either be perfectly fine to open... or it could throw him back into the vacuum of space, and send him to his icy grave faster than he could blink. He had to pick and choose his doors wisely, now. Matt pushed himself along the side of the walls. As he came into the dining area on the station, scrap heaps and baggage floated around. The debris had collided with other modules on it. It was a miracle parts of it were still intact. It was like the further Matt explored, the more shaken up the station was. Things that had been meticulously packed for him and his crew were now drifting aimlessly in zero g. Air-tight dried food, books, toothpaste packets, clothes in zip liners. Matt slowed his pace, coming to a fork in the hallway. He stopped to look around. The only options he had to go were either left, right, or forward. He had no idea what his odds were of picking a safe corridor. Matt looked around for the arrows that directed astronauts where each module led. Matt spotted a yellow arrow ahead which read COL . The Columbia module… where he needed to go. Matt kept straight, and pushed himself forward. The lights grew dimmer and dimmer. The lights flickered, trying to guide him, but they died out together as Matt went forward, and he slipped into silken darkness all around him. Matt's eyes widened to adjust. He didn't focus on the dark. Matt slowed down to stop. He came to another fork in the station. There were only two options this time. Left, or forward. The right corridor had debris blocking its entryway. It was impossible to read any of the arrows, now. The only light was the small blue glow of a cracked computer screen that was nestled somewhere deep inside of the corridor. This was ludicrous. He felt like he was on a game show and should win something because of this. Welcome to the Choose-Your-Doors-Wisely game. Where the very next door you choose, your could spontaneously blow up into space fodder. Matt stared down the corridor in front of him. \"Let's try door number one.\" He placed his hands on each side of the wall next to him, and pushed himself forward, taking off into the hallway. The rest of the station drifted further behind him. As he went in deeper, the walls became narrower. Smaller. It was getting harder to see his hands in front of him. Matt felt around on the walls, wondering where the bars had gone to help him move forward. He felt a steel object, and he pushed himself forward. It was also colder in here. Not a good sign. A clunk rattled the wall. Matt pushed onward and floated down through corridor. The same clunk again. Louder. Matt made a half-turn as he held the current bar on the wall. He stopped. Something else had stopped as well. Matt stared. He waited. He lingered. The black hallway stared back. Something else waited, too. Matt listened. Something was here. The noise had stopped. Matt blinked confusedly and looked around… and then looked back at the way he had come from again. He slowly turned away to keep heading forward. Clunk. Matt audibly breathed in. He spun around, his eyes deliberately wider. The hallway behind him stared back. Matt froze. He searched the hallway. He was breathing a little too fast. Something was following him. And then… he heard it. The sound of terror. A string. One, solitary string. And then it went away. Almost as if it could read minds, It went away as well. Matt didn't move. He stared into the hallway for several long moments, but he heard nothing else. He dared to think that the voice in his head would start acting up. But it didn't. Matt pulled his eyes away from the corridor. It felt like he was ripping away all certainty as he turned. He stopped. He hung his head to shake it off, and then slowly kept going down the corridor. ","Summary":" Author's Note: I refuse to believe any movie that just lets George Clooney die that easily. I'm sur"},{"Movie":"Libertine","Title":"Ravishments of Blisse","Author":"miss izzy92","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6468876","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N : A little background here. In 1664, there was a small scandal involving the Queen's Master of the Horse. He was dismissed for showing \"affection of to ardent a nature\" towards the Queen Consort, Catherine of Braganza. He, Edward Montagu, joined the navy and died in a battle with the Dutch in 1665. The same battle in which Rochester fought and his best friend died (The Earl lost his faith in God as a result). Catherine had been opposed to the dismissal of one of her few English friends and refused to appoint anyone else to his position. It was finally filled after his death, by his brother Ralph Montagu. The title of the Fic is a reference to a poem written by Locke, in honour of Queen Catherine of Braganza. It's a beautiful poem, but unfortunately a bit hard to find. Hampton Court, 1665 The letter in his pocket seemed to weight him down like a ton of bricks. Like it was dragging him down while he walked, trying to prevent him from reaching his destination: The Queen's Quarters, separated from the halls by a thick wooden door and a very surly faced herald. \"I am here to see the Queen.\" The herald raised an eyebrow at his statement but stepped aside to open the heavy door. \"The Earl of Rochester!\" Unexpectedly for someone with his practice, his voice was as unpleasant as his face. He neatly side stepped him just as the music and laughter faded away. A somewhat uncomfortable silence followed the realisation of just who was standing in the Queen's Quarters, looking perfectly at ease. It gave him a faint, almost sadistic, sense of accomplishment. \"Ah, Lord Rochester! What brings you here?\" The Queen's accented voice rang out. A very attractive one, as a matter of fact[1]. Said voice's owner hadn't bothered to rise from her bench, at the virginals, whilst he bowed. \"An errand, Your Majesty.\" He replied whilst she pressed a key, absently. \"For one of my ladies?\" The warning tone was easily identifiable in her voice, as those young and pretty ladies were in her care. \"No, Your Majesty. It is a letter for you, sent by Sir Edward Montagu.\" If his mere presence had caused an impression, it was nothing compared to what those few words had done. It seemed as though all the air had suddenly been sucked from the room and even the random notes escaping the virginals had been muted. The Queen blinked and her head shot up before signalling her maids to leave. The small entourage quietly left and when the door closed with a muffled thud, she turned her eyes to him. Rising from her place, she walked past him, her yellow dress leaving a path of light behind her. Reaching a small table, she picked up a blue and white glazed tea pot[2]. \"Tea?\" The inquiry made him start, but she just stood there looking infinitely patient, the tea pot still in her hand. \"No, thank you.\" \"Well, then, sit.\" She gestured to a chair and poured herself a cup of tea, before sitting down with a relieved sigh. She turned to him and in a flash all humour was gone from her face, leaving behind just the Queen. \"Now, talk. I am understandably curious as dead men don't commonly write letters.\" \"He requested that, in the case of his death, I deliver this letter to its destination.\" He held out said object, sealed with the red wax glinting in the sunlight that streamed through the windows. She took it, without a single expression crossing her swarthy skin. It hit him suddenly, just how bizarre the moment was. Two people who couldn't be more different, sitting civilly across from each other, their only real connection dead and rotting away under the carcass of some ship. And if the image of death brought with it sacrilege, he had to wonder. In just what language did she scream out? She turned to him, coal black eyes as hard as steel. \"Did you read it?\" She hadn't opened it yet, and he didn't expect her to open it until she was completely alone. In her large, cold bed, with no one to keep her company, the King off somewhere, probably with his face up Barbara Palmer's dress. If he didn't like his head so much, he'd offer to keep her company. \"No, Madam. I take other people's mail very seriously.\" \"I'm sure.\" She replied to his sarcastic comment even more sarcastically. Turning to him, with her eyebrows raised, she question. \"Then what, pray tell, do you know?\" \"I know he was madly in love with your Majesty. I know he was your spy in Rome. [3]\" Her eyes were the coldest he'd ever seen in a woman, by this point. Except his mother. Her Majesty still had a long way to go until she became a harpy, like the good old Countess. \"I also know he wondered every night about your Majesty's... assets.\" He wondered if she'd fluster at what would say next. \"As a matter of fact, so do I.\" She didn't fluster. But the hand that had seductively come in contact with her slender wrist would never be the same again. Quick as lightening, his hand had been grabbed, twisted and dug into by her nails. \"Bugger...\" His pained moan brought out a smug smile from the Queen. Sadist. \"Most people wouldn't speak in such manner to a Queen.\" He stood corrected. A harpy, just like his mother. \"I can't see why not, seeing as a Queen's greatest duty is performed on her back.\" He spat, wincing and grabbing his stinging hand. She tsked. \"Such coarse language, Lord Rochester. I'm sure you were raised better than that.\" She replied with absolute calm. \"And your Majesty? I expected you'd be all...\" Pain turns into rage, and rage does not make for eloquence. \"All what? Just stand here and take the abuse you were, quite rudely, throwing in my face? I was raised with three brothers, you know. There's little you can attempt without a response from me\" Now she was patronising him. Bloody wonderful. \"No, but...\" \"But nothing! You are going to stand up, apologise, leave, and never speak a word of this to anyone, are we understood, Lord Rochester?\" \"Yes, madam.\" He replied while standing up, his hand throbbing like a big fat... \"I apologise.\" He still couldn't believe he was accepting to be treated like a five year old who had broken his mother's vase. It was demeaning. But coming from her, oddly arousing. \"Madam?\" He called, almost hesitantly. Almost. \"Yes, Lord Rochester?\" Her patience was running out. \"If it means anything, Edward really did love you.\" Her head shot up and surprised eyes met his. \"It was you he was thinking of when...\" She nodded slowly and then turned to him, this time with a hint of respect in her eyes. \"Thank you, Lord Rochester.\" He bowed without a single ounce of mockery in his stance, before turning and marching towards the door. He glanced back just in time to see the Queen bringing the letter up to her lips and kissing the seal. He smiled and absently muttered, completely ignoring the eyes of those who rested on him. \"Our Health to Kate Our Sovereign's Mate...\" [4] [1] It was said that the thing Charles II found the most attractive about Catherine was her accent. [2] Catherine of Braganza was responsible for making porcelain fashionable in England, and the glazed white and blue porcelain, imported from Asia, remains a staple of Portuguese culture. [3] There was a well-founded rumour that Edward Montagu, a secret Catholic, had been carrying out missions in Rome, on behalf of the Queen. [4] This epigraph is an actual poem by the Earl of Rochester, which contains a few snarky comments directed at the Chancellor Hyde, the man responsible for the Catherine and Charles match. Regarding the letter, legend has it that Sir Edward Montagu really did write Catherine a letter, supposedly in his own blood, after being wounded and on the verge of death. ","Summary":" A/N : A little background here. In 1664, there was a small scandal involving the Queen's Master of "},{"Movie":"Libertine","Title":"John Wilmot, Second Earl of Rochester","Author":"JDLuvaSQEE","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4897739","Passage":"[Chapter 1] John Wilmot, Second Earl of Rochester Disclaimer: I do NOT own The Libertine or John Wilmot, Second Earl of Rochester. A/N: This is a poem describing John Wilmot, Second Earl of Rochester. (Btw, this is based off of a drawing on deviantart of a drawing of Johnny Wilmot drawn by terrabm called Come To Bed). He has skin that feels like the softest velvet and he has the scent of velvet tuberose. He has long wavy hair that's as black as night and cascades a little ways past his broad shoulders. He has dark eyebrows and long dark eyelashes overtop of gorgeous dark coffee brown eyes that seem to see your desires. He has lovely high-defined cheekbones and a cute nose. He has a Cupid's bow shaped mouth with full velvet tuberose petal soft lips that taste like red wine. He has a gorgeous chest that's tantalizingly shown while clad in naught but a blanket. John Wilmot, Second Earl of Rochester: The Sexiest Libertine in all of England. ","Summary":" John Wilmot, Second Earl of Rochester Disclaimer: I do NOT own The Libertine or John Wilmot, Second"},{"Movie":"Libertine","Title":"John Wilmot, Second earl of Rochester Acrostic","Author":"JDLuvaSQEE","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4897716","Passage":"[Chapter 1] JohnnWilmot, Second Earl of Rochester Acrostic By: JDLuvaSQEE Disclaimer:nI do NOT own ThenLibertine ornJohn Wilmot, Second Earl of Rochester. A/N: The title says it all. Jaded Outstanding Handsome Naughty Witty Intelligent Loving Mesmerizing Offensive Talented Seductive Enticing Creative Observant Notorious Darling Exciting Alluring Ravishing Lovely Obsessed Fervent Rebellious Outgoing Cute Hot Extraordinary Suave Tainted Elegant Rare ","Summary":" JohnnWilmot, Second Earl of Rochester Acrostic By: JDLuvaSQEE Disclaimer:nI do NOT own ThenLibertin"},{"Movie":"Libertine","Title":"Forgiven, a Libertine Fic","Author":"FreeSpiritedOne","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4553604","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Forgiven Author: FreeSpiritedOne Summary: Wilmot had fun in his life, but at what cost? Rating: R Pairing(s): Wilmot/Elizabeth Wilmot Author's notes: Not mine, none of it is mine and aside from a couple of lines none of it belongs to anyone else since these people actually lived and history is open to all of us if not read by very many. Also, this is sad because the real events are sad. Disclaimer #1: No profit made or sought in the production of this sad little gem. John had to squint, trying to make sense of shapes in the dark miasma surrounding him. In the distance a little to his left was a bed. Ah, yes. There was usually a bed. He walked toward it, taking note of its occupant and wondering about the person lying there with back turned to him. John could not decide if it was a man or a woman, not that it mattered. He had bedded both with equal enthusiasm. What did matter was an interesting optical illusion making it seem the more steps he took toward the bed the further away it became. John stopped, his eyes narrowing. Either his depth perception was failing him or something very strange was occurring. He took another step, then another and one more for good measure watching as he grew no closer to his destination. Very odd and entirely unamusing. Irritated, John called out, but the figure in the bed did not move. He loudly cursed it having learned in his youth antagonism was difficult for would be ignorers to let pass. The figure on the bed remained still. Curious now in addition to irritated, John changed his approach. He took a step to the side. The bed's angle shifted as was natural. He took another step with the same effect and shortly was on the other side of the bed, if still just as far away from it, looking full face at the figure lying there. What he saw gutted him. Elizabeth. His Elizabeth. Yes, two of his daughters and several mistresses were also named Elizabeth, but the poor soul festering abed was his wife. The miasma faded like scales falling from his eyes and John was forced to face the unfacable. Before entertaining any of the host of ideas attempting to consume him, John Wilmot remembered he had died. He remembered the utter betrayal of his body, the pain, the blindness, the pervasive scent of his own rotting flesh. He remembered his sudden renunciation of atheism and embrace of the church he had once scorned. As part of his recantation he had asked his mother to burn his papers. John remembered being abed, trapped in reeking agony, begging for the death he had always feared. He had broken before he died. Elizabeth had witnessed his destruction. She had sat beside him, touching him, reminding him of happier times. She retold the story of her abduction, a story he had always loved, at his request. She was his first and greatest conquest, the prize of his youth, but when death came for him John willingly abandoned her story mid-telling. He had not known she was ill, but he should have. He had returned from Paris with kidney stones. The pain had been intense, but with treatment he had recovered. It was not long after he had gone home to meet his first child. He had been treated for kidney stones twice more before he finally admitted to himself he had the pox. By then he had produced three more children and, apparently, had passed on his disease to his wife. \"The fault is mine,\" he said aloud, tasting the words he had never been willing to say in life, but which governed this moment. His Elizabeth had been a much sought after bride. She had fortune, breeding, spirit and an indefinable quality he had fallen for. There had been many lovers and fucks in his life, male and female, often young, occasionally rather old, and yet he had always returned to his wife. Even when he despised her neediness and her nagging, he had always known safety in her arms. Elizabeth had been special. He should, perhaps, have told her more often. Looking at her now, John wanted to weep. He had brought her to this. Elizabeth had always been thin, too thin in John's opinion, but she was little more than bones now. Her flawless milk white skin was fouled by sores and her nose was mostly gone. There had come a point in his disease John fell victim to his vanity. He had the mirrors covered and refused to look at the ruin of his beauty. Blindness had been something of a blessing once his skin erupted with lesions that no longer healed. If Elizabeth opened her eyes John knew they would be the abalone white of blindness and he doubted Elizabeth would see the blessing in it. She was far too practical to allow vanity to hold sway. Did she finally hate him? Were he honest about it, John wanted to be as loathsome in her eyes as he was in his own. First she had loved him, later she feared him, and in the end she had pitied him. He would have preferred to be hated. God knew he deserved… In the shadows he saw his children. He took several steps toward them, wanting nothing more than to fold them in his arms and remind them their father loved them. He could not reach them. They remained as untouchable as his wife. John sank to the floor, no longer able to stand. Once his emotions were back under control he looked at his children, terrified of what he would see. His eyes were first arrested by the Lady Anne, his first born and favorite, pretty as her mother, beatific in her grief. She had always been a joy to him. After a long moment he turned his attention to his other daughters, Elizabeth and little Malet. Malet was too young to understand what was happening and she was struggling to free herself from the confines of her grandmother's arms. John smiled a little, seeing his own need for freedom in his youngest and it occurred to him he hoped his daughter found a purpose in her life. John never had. He had come to see the world and his life as an endless, horribly unimportant and uninteresting series of moments devoid of meaning. Nothing mattered. His decisions and choices were ultimately inconsequential. Although, looking at his family, perhaps he had assumed incorrectly. His decisions had certainly affected them. John's eyes turned to his mother's face. Stoic as always but for a few tears, her face was much the same as it had always been. Not exactly beautiful, but arresting none the less, his mother had always been a force to be reckoned with. Anne St. John Wilmot, Countess of Rochester, the rock upon whom John had sought shelter, but found ruin. How often had he run to the brothels in defiance of her? John had never thought his mother liked his wife and yet she grieved. Perhaps watching Elizabeth die was too familiar for her. It would grow more familiar still, John realized looking at his son. Charles had been born sickly and John had always feared the cause. John's head fell, his hair closing over his view of the floor. When his affliction had moved through a series of willfully unrelated illnesses John had refused to alter his habits. Later, when he had no choice but recognize the realities of syphilis, he had looked back on the previous years and seen his physical problems for what they were. He had still tried to pretend the only one suffering was himself, but now he was watching his wife die in the same horrible way and it was obvious his son would soon follow her into the afterlife. He did weep then. He sobbed as he had only done once before in his life. When he regained control of himself, John tried to find solace in his mother's presence. He stared hard at her searching for signs of weakness, but she appeared healthy. His children would not be without guidance or protection. She would see to them. The Countess was a hard woman, a devout woman, and one who, no doubt, had set her mind against allowing John's children to follow in his godless footsteps. He had always admired her passion wishing he too possessed the capacity for absolute faith. Where he lacked faith in God, he did have faith in is mother. He knew she would protect his children and ensure their fortunes and appropriate marriages. John's heart sank at the realization he would not see his daughters as brides or advise his son about the duties of a husband. He would never watch grandchildren at play or…maybe he would always seem them in this way. Maybe this was his personal hell; to watch but never influence or touch. Perhaps he was damned to be the eternal spectator. If it must be, then let his mother guide them better than she had him. Let them be more malleable to her will…in some things. \"John?\" Startled, his attention swung back to his wife. Elizabeth's voice sounded alien to his ears and John faltered as he tried to move closer to her intent on offering what comfort the cause of her suffering could. Once again, he could get no closer to his wife. Frustrated, John circled the bed before returning to face his dying wife. \"John,\" she repeated, his name feeling like a knife to his heart. He could not get to her, but his mother could and she moved to Elizabeth's side, taking his wife's pox deformed hand in hers. \"Soon you will join him in heaven.\" The Countesses words grated as they always had. John instantly questioned the validity of heaven and almost articulated his belief that this was hell. He wanted to throw her piety back in her face. His anger seethed within him and it was only the knowledge shouting would be fruitless which held his tongue. \"John?\" His Elizabeth was staring past his mother's shoulder, milk white eyes pointed in his direction. \"Elizabeth,\" he whispered her name, unable to find his voice. She smiled, revealing rotted teeth, and coughed. The fit went on for some time, too long, and when it passed she was left wheezing in painful squeaks that brought tears to John's eyes. With what breath she had she said, \"I am not content, John.\" Never a contented wife until he made her a much respected widow he had said. The cruelty of it was singular. How had he ever said such things to this woman? Wishing he could take her suffering onto himself John choked out inadequate words. \"I'm sorry.\" The smile on Elizabeth's face was that of a saint, luminous as a tear trickled down her cheek. John would have sold his soul to wipe it away. \"Elizabeth, Father Burnet is here to pray with you.\" John turned to look and found his deathbed confessor moving toward his wife. Burnet was the angel of death come to take Elizabeth home. For a moment John panicked. He was not ready to leave this woman. He did not want to let her go. It mattered not that he had no idea how he was here, why he was here or how long he would remain. All that mattered was being here with her, being able to admit he missed her, wanted her, needed her. Burnet would free Elizabeth's soul, but where would that leave her husband? Burnet took up residence beside Elizabeth as John sought a new position where he could still see his wife's face. He found a spot, but then his mother called his children to Elizabeth's side and he was moving again. Unable to find a place that suited him, John gave up and sat on the floor, listening to Burnet tell Elizabeth things he had not told John. The words were different because the listener was different. Elizabeth had always been faithful, though for the duration of their marriage she had been a catholic. Apparently she had abandoned Rome and returned to the protestant fold since last John had seen her. He had returned from his Grande Tour of Europe with a taste for Rome and had insisted his wife convert though he did not. Were he honest about it, John knew it was not only curiosity but a need to force his headstrong young bride into a position of weakness. In a country brimming over with anti-catholic sentiment, her conversion made her a persona non gratta. She needed him to protect her from protestant indignation. To lend power to the blow, John had insisted their children be raised in the protestant tradition. Looking back, John realized Elizabeth had done many things at his insistence that she would never had done on her own. He had demanded much and given little. A high keening sound knifed through his thoughts and he turned toward the sound finding his daughter Anne red faced and red eyed. John acknowledged he had robbed his children of their mother. His excesses had orphaned them. Something wet and warm traveled the length of his cheek and John brushed it away, reminding himself he was not prone to emotional outbursts unbecoming his rank. It took him long minutes to realize he was praying with Burnet more ardently than he had at his own deathbed. A hand caressed his face and John looked up, finding himself beside his wife, staring into blind eyes. John put an arm over his wife's frail shoulder and moved in close to her ear while sending thanks to whatever power had decided he could be beside his wife. The moment was a beautiful one feeling her breath against his cheek, her hand on his arm and all John wanted was to take back the horrors he had inflicted on his wife. \"For all that I have wronged you, you were my only true love.\" \"Speak to me of abduction,\" she whispered as her hand slid from his arm. John smiled. Elizabeth had always thrown his words back at him and why not? They were the sharpest blade she could weald, death by a thousand cuts, his insight turned against him. He had never enjoyed arguing with his wife. No matter now. He would suffer the blow gladly if it brought her a moment's peace and himself a modicum of forgiveness. \"You were a virgin heiress worth….\" The money no longer mattered. It had not saved them. \"Everything. I had to have you. I….\" \"Worth 2,500 a year. You abducted me in your…\" her voice was so quiet John could not hear her finish the sentence. Her chest rose and fell and John found his attention arrested by the hope it would rise again, and again and she would keep living like she was supposed to…. \"John.\" His attention focused on Elizabeth's face, but it was slack and….and…lifeless…. \"John, look at me.\" He turned on his knees and stared up at the radiant beauty of his wife. His shock must have shown on his face because she giggled reminding him of years before when things had been easier between them. \"Did I finally surprise you, my love?\" \"Elizabeth,\" he said her name like a prayer and wrapped his arms around her legs burying his face in the taffeta folds of her skirts. Her fingers twined in his hair, gently combing through curls he had not possessed since his youth. His grip on her legs tightened and before he realized it he was sobbing into her knees and incapable of caring about the indignity of it. \"Oh, John,\" she sighed coming to her knees and putting her arms around his shoulders. He continued to sob into her chest. \"John, it's beautiful.\" John heard her speaking close to his ear but was so consumed by the arms around him he could not care what she said. She was real and she was holding him. Nothing else mattered. \"John, look.\" She sounded insistent and he cringed back bridling as always at being dictated to. He glared at her, but she was not looking at him. Her attention was turned to his left and the soft glow of…heaven? She turned toward him again, her smile certain as if she had expected to see the light of a forgiving God in this moment and repeated, \"John, it's so beautiful.\" John stared at the light, soft, luminous, like a thousand candles swaying in a breeze and waited for it to burst into the flames he deserved. She seemed to read his thoughts. \"You are forgiven, John. The light is for you.\" As always John wanted to believe. He stared at the reality of some sort of afterlife and wondered about it. Terrifying as it was for his inner Protestant child, John's intellect questioned the reality of God. Elizabeth would argue the light before him was the strongest evidence he would ever encounter and perhaps it was, but still John doubted. He doubted his own deathbed conversion. A man would say anything while dying and John felt sure he had been the victim of fear, not faith. So if there was a God, he would not be seeing heaven's light, he would be engulfed in hell's flames. He looked again at the light, undulating, inviting, and John asked himself were the balancing darkness was. He looked over his other shoulder but saw only the remnants of his family surrounding the shell of his wife. Surely that picture damned him. A hand on his cheek returned his attention to Elizabeth. Her eyes were like the light. She had found peace. Love shined out from her, untainted by anger, doubt or greed and John shrank away from it. He did not deserve her love, her forgiveness. Elizabeth sighed. \"You have always questioned away life's opportunities, my love.\" \"I have never doubted you, Elizabeth.\" He snapped, feeling his anger rise. She flinched but pressed on, \"And yet you…\" John was on his feet, pacing away from her. He would not let her do this to him again. \"Do you feel vindicated, my little martyr? I brought you suffering and death and now you weald the blunt edged sword of guilt as though my flawed character will fall before your righteous indignation. You are mistaken.\" She walked to his side and the earnestness of her expression made him want to slap her. He restrained himself, but it was an effort. This woman he loved had always brought out the worst in him. He hated himself in her presence. \"John, I have no wish to fight. I seek understanding between us.\" She sounded so reasonable and yet his reaction was to walk away, to refuse to listen. He did not want to understand her. He had spent years being tortured by her needs. Was he to spend eternity the same way? If so this surely was hell. \"We are yoked together in marriage and yet you have never shared the load. You sought to shield me from your burdens rather than let me share them, but I was never so fragile you needed to cloister me away and suffer alone.\" She was never fragile and he had done little to shield her. He had made a few early attempts to hide his mistresses from her, but she found out anyway and it was easier to live in the open than hide from her disapproval. Instead it was she who hid from him. She stayed in the country, rarely joining him in London and always leaving after only a few weeks unable to stomach what she saw in town. \"You hated London.\" She shook her head. \"It was never London I hated. It hurt me to see you struggle and seek solace everywhere but with me. It was not until after you…left me I realized my efforts to help only piled more expectation upon you. I gave you no choice but to love me from a distance. I have been a poor wife to you, but you must understand I have only ever loved you.\" It was the first time Elizabeth had ever said anything so close to an apology and it moved him. Their relationship had always been contentious, a pushing, pulling struggle for dominance and control. At a distance they could work out a truce but together it was always a battle. There had been a time in the beginning when he was concerned with her needs and desires, but when she insisted he provide for them John had dug his heals in and made her go without. \"I was a terrible husband.\" \"No, John. Let us speak again of abduction.\" She put a hand on his cheek, the lightest caress. \"Consider, I was a virgin heiress worth a great deal of money and I was courted by many powerful men.\" John had heard this before. If only she had married one of those stupid bastards…. \"I was a much sought after bride and I watched men humiliate themselves for the chance of marriage. I became accustomed to men catering to my desires.\" He knew all this. He had been there, watched the blathering idiots fawn over her and known the secret to winning Elizabeth Mallet. \"Then along came John Wilmot, second Earl of Rochester, dashing, handsome, brilliant and completely indomitable. Rather than submit to me like the others had, you abducted me. You took what you wanted, you asserted your will over mine and you made me love every moment of my submission.\" It had been clear to him a grand act of passion would do it. She wanted to be swept off her feet so he had done. He had chosen abduction because it was passionate and more importantly, it set the tone. It said he would do whatever he had to do to get what he wanted. It said he was a free spirit, unexpected, wild. The message of the act had been completely lost on her. She might have enjoyed the moment of submission but it was the last one not dearly earned. Since then he had had to break her to force her to submit and the effort hurt him more than he thought she knew. \"Elizabeth…\" \"No, let me finish. I have thought of nothing else since you left me. I knew you drank to numb the pain. I knew you bedded whores to escape. I hated how you only came to me as a last resort without understanding I had created the distance between us by never trusting you to lead.\" She pressed a kiss to his lips and it was a struggle for John to accept it. She had stated what he had long known. He had never possessed the trust of his wife. At first he sought to earn it and later he decided to use the lack of it. If she already judged him guilty then why not be guilty? He did what he pleased with no thought of her feelings because she always assumed he was working against her interests anyway. \"I will trust you now, John. I will go where you go without argument or complaint.\" Ah, he had heard that before and understood it for the manipulation it was. He took her shoulders and turned her toward the light asking, \"And what of your precious light?\" She never so much as glanced at it, turning around in his arms and looking up at him. \"Heaven for me is in the arms of a contented husband.\" \"I want to watch over my children, see to it my mother guides them better than she did me.\" He said immediately. It was part challenge, part sincerity. He did want to watch over his family. He was here. He could. And it was what he wanted. God and His light could wait. Let Elizabeth show her true colors and leave him behind, he thought as the light began to fade. She nodded and put her arms around his waist, burying her head in his chest. \"Then so it shall be.\" John's rock hard certainty of abandonment faltered a little as her arms squeezed around him and her lips brushed the hollow at the base of his throat. He took a breath and watched the light dim further. Elizabeth never looked up but her grip on him grew tighter as the light went out. John was gob smacked. Elizabeth Mallet, her pious ladyship, had elected to forego heaven to stay with her reprobate husband as a ghost in her own home. \"I love you, John.\" She whispered the words against his flesh and they hit him like a physical blow. John's arms tightened around the tiny form of his wife and he buried his face in her hair feeling tears fall again. He had cried more in the last few hours than he had in his entire life. After a long moment he looked up at his family, the reason he had denied Elizabeth heaven, and it occurred to him they would not be alone long. Charles was pale as parchment, tiny and hunched, clearly in pain of a physical sort. The boy had been born with the pox, John's horrible gift to the next generation, his sins to be reaped by his children. John was the angel of death for the Wilmot family. He brought death to his wife, soon to his son and God knew he had probably driven his mother to an early grave. He didn't know if he could bear to watch their suffering. They should have gone into the light where, he assumed, he would not have had to watch his children die. He did not think he could endure it. He should not have asked Elizabeth to stay with him. \"Perhaps when Charles…joins us, the light will come again.\" \"Perhaps.\" Elizabeth agreed. \"I'm so sorry.\" He muttered into her hair, hating the smallness of the words, the total inadequacy of them, but he could come up with nothing better. \"I know, John. So am I.\" She tipped her head up and kissed him without revulsion or hesitation. There was forgiveness in it and passion of a sort he had not felt from his wife in many years. When the kiss broke she smiled with tears in her eyes. \"We cannot change what has already occurred or what will result from past actions, but we can look forward to being reunited with our children. Think of how beautiful it will be to see them whole, beautiful and without pain. We have joy in our future.\" \"I never knew you to be an optimist, my dear.\" \"It is such a marvelous thing to be forgiven, how can one not feel optimistic?\" As always feedback pro or con is welcome. Thanks for reading! Cheers, Free ","Summary":" Title: Forgiven Author: FreeSpiritedOne Summary: Wilmot had fun in his life, but at what cost? Rati"},{"Movie":"Libertine","Title":"And Who Does Worse","Author":"Tilts At Windmills","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3488492","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title taken from 'A Ramble in St James's Park', by John Wilmot, Earl of Rochester. And Who Does Worse Perhaps what you heard my Lord Rochester tell you was a little indelicate, but I am not so accustomed as he to being attended to thus. You came so far with my lord that you deserve the truth of all I have left, even if that is not very much. Here is how it goes. For a moment, I pause and allow myself to feel the bones in his skull, my hands poised against his head, fingers buried where the hairline meets the base of the neck and where the skin is secret, most tender, as intimately hidden as that other place. It is as if I want to memorise that sensation of him, imprint onto the sensitive map of my palms the heat and scent and texture of the body I had never dared hope to peruse. His hair is silky, beautifully soft. I consider the blade of the razor. For the first time he says nothing, no more witticisms or barbs. He seems indifferent to what I am about to do, alive only to the possibilities of my hands, though he watches me in the reflection of the glass while I touch him. He watches my face. His own is almost translucent in the candlelight, scrubbed clean of the glutinous fard that I had applied to the smooth planes of his countenance earlier that evening, but pinched and too pale, skin drawn taut over the cheekbones, lips stained plum-red with the heady dye of the wine, obscene. His mouth is debillitating to my sense of focus, the short, tender cupid's-bow of an upper lip so much like that of a child's, lower lip full, sensual, expressive, drawn almost into a pout. I fancy that I could sever a finger and not notice while I gaze upon that mouth. I draw out a lock of the shining dark hair, twisting it experimentally around my finger, then let it spiral free, watching in fascination as it uncoils itself, seeming almost a living thing. He smiles a little as I do this, watching the dreamlike progression of my hands; his eyes are so dark that I cannot even begin to detect the pupils. His teeth gleam a little as he speaks: \"Do you like it?\" His voice is the barest purr, almost a whisper, and I imagine its colour and texture as the shadows that lie in the hollows of my lord's face. Staring like one mesmerised at his parted mouth and the trace of wetness that his tongue leaves as he runs its moist, pink tip slowly across his upper lip, I shudder where I stand, feeling the internal contraction as if it is my flesh that his mouth is drinking, his tongue stabbing - \"Do I...?\" \"The power.\" He is whispering now. \"You could cut my throat if you wanted. Anyone else would.\" \"I wouldn't...\" I begin thickly, but he is smiling still...oh, he is smiling that wolf's smile, the raven-pitch of his strange eyes tickled by the pools of diffused candlelight that cure the darkness around us. His gaze caresses me, more intimately, surely, than any woman's hand could ever have. \"Don't tremble,\" he tells me, settling himself further into the chair. \"I have no wish to lose an ear.\" Thus, I begin. As I cut, the severed locks of his hair fall with a foresty rustle at my feet. This close, I can pick out the motes of colour in individual strands; I have spent so much time looking at him in the past that it strikes me with surprise that there should be even the smallest, most infinitesimal thing about him that I had not before, inside my head, drunk in, dissolved on my tongue, rolled around my mouth, breathed into my nostrils, rubbed against my skin. My lord's hair is dark as gloaming at the roots, shot through with strands of rubric that I could never have imagined, and even, scattered here and there, irrisdescent threads of palest gold. It is said that we covet the things we love. For me, I have ached for so long to touch him that I am gluttonous for him before the next long starvation. I am aware that it might only be the once. For him, I must remember, I am only a whim. This is how it goes. finis ","Summary":" Title taken from 'A Ramble in St James's Park', by John Wilmot, Earl of Rochester. And Who Does Wor"},{"Movie":"Dark Harbor","Title":"My Strongest Memory","Author":"penrosecircuit","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6646872","Passage":"[Chapter 1] MY STRONGEST MEMORY I have to admit, I always prided myself on being the 'pretty boy'. I don't mean to sound conceited, but I found nothing wrong with my face, and I could only assume my numerous ex boyfriends would agree. When I was with David, though, I felt truly beautiful. I could always catch him just staring at me, and he would even tell me, at least once a day, how beautiful he thought I was. Needless to say, that made me feel really good. So after I got into that car crash and needed facial reconstruction, I felt like total shit. I could look into the mirror and not have enough fingers and toes to count the new flaws. I hated it. I only assumed being with David would make me feel better. David always managed to make me feel better. I knew he would have exactly the right words to make me beautiful again. I mean, what kind of asshole dumps you for not being the 'pretty boy' anymore? Apparently, the David kind of asshole. I couldn't really believe it at first. Then I got angry, then really depressed, almost suicidal. But that wouldn't do me any good, so I just left. I had half a mind to go to the police and rat David out for Alexis's murder; I actually got to the station, my hand on the front door, before I chickened out. I couldn't do it. I still loved him, even though it turned out he was a shallow little bitch. It only made sense, the only reason he married Alexis was for her money, and what did I have in the bank? Nothing. After David kicked me out, I felt myself dwelling on Alexis an awful lot. And I felt an emotion that was awfully strange to me. Guilt. I had used my 'pretty boy' charm to seduce her, and she had fallen for it, hook, line, and sinker. I didn't blame her. Not because of my looks, or anything conceited like that, but because I was her escape from that jerk she called a husband, a word I never even got to use for him. (Which I no longer regret). And also, I think Alexis genuinely liked me for me . Because the me I had put on for her wasn't exactly a fake me, most of the time. A lot of that was really, truly, me. And that's where the guilt kicks in. A few years after all that, I went to visit Alexis. And it only made the guilt worse, so bad it brought me to my knees, to see the aphrodisiac blooming on her grave. ","Summary":" MY STRONGEST MEMORY I have to admit, I always prided myself on being the 'pretty boy'. I don't mean"},{"Movie":"Dark Harbor","Title":"Love in an island","Author":"SnapeHalfBloodPrincess","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7228836","Passage":"[Chapter 1] (Nota: A Alexa é uma personagem criada por mim, não pertencendo ao elenco da história.) Love in an island Dark Harbor Fan-Fiction David and Alexa -David ? – chamou Alexis. -Sim, querida? -Eu convidei uma amiga, a Alexa, para vir passar uns dias connosco. -Alexa? -Acho que não conheces. Mas ela é muito simpática, de certeza que vais gostar dela. Eu vou buscá-la de barco hoje à tarde. -Queres que vá contigo? -Não vale a pena, querido. -Está bem. Eu vou um bocado para o escritório, se precisares de mim chama. Alexis foi buscar a Alexa para a trazer para a ilha. Assim que chegaram, Alexis recebe um telefonema a pedir-lhe que regresse à costa, pois tem uns assuntos para tratar. -Querida, eu tenho que voltar à costa, pediram-me para resolver uns assuntos. Estás em casa. Vou tentar não me demorar. Entretanto o David está no escritório, vai ter com ele. Tenho a certeza que vais gostar muito dele. -Está bem Lex, obrigada.- disse-lhe Alexa. Alexa entrou em casa e seguiu até ao escritório. Nunca lá tinha estado, mas a Alexis tinha-lhe explicado quais as divisões da casa pelo caminho. Ela estava ansiosa por encontrar o David. Quando chegou ao escritório bateu à porta. David achou estranho estarem a bater à porta. Alexis não precisava bater à porta. -Entre !- disse ele. Quando ela entrou no escritório e os seus olhos se cruzaram com os de David, foi como se o tempo tivesse parado para ambos. Sem falar, David levantou-se da cadeira e aproximou-se de Alexa. Ela continuava a olhar penetrantemente nos olhos de David. Ele elevou a sua mão ao nível do rosto de Alexa e acariciou-lhe a face. Ela reagiu ao toque fechando os olhos. Eles aproximaram-se mais e os lábios tocavam-se por milímetros. David deu-lhe um beijinho suave. Ambos os lábios continuavam selados, esperando permissão do outro para se abrirem. Ela levou a sua mão à nuca de David. Ele fechou os olhos e ela beijou-a. Começaram com um beijo suave que se foi intensificando cada vez mais. Ele, não quebrando o beijo de maneira alguma, levou-a para o quarto. No quarto, quando quebraram o beijo, Alexa sentou-se na cama. David ajoelhou-se à sua frente, colocando as mãos na face de Alexa. Olharam-se novamente nos olhos e retomaram o beijo. Quando voltaram a quebrar o beijo, ele deitou a cara nas pernas de Alexa. -Custou-me tanto este tempo. -O que achaste da minha surpresa? -Estava tão desesperado por te ver e te ter nos meus braços que este tempo que estivemos longe pareceu uma eternidade. Foi tão bom sentir os teus lábios novamente. Vai ser tão difícil ter-te aqui e não te poder agarrar e beijar. -David, a Alexis não pode saber. -Eu sei, mas quero tanto estar contigo! -Havemos de arranjar maneira. – ela beijou-o. -Como é que conseguiste vir? -Disse à Alexis que gostava muito de conhecer a tão famosa ilha e ela convidou-me. -Ainda bem que vieste, meu amor! -David, Alexa? – Alexis tinha chegado. -Meu Deus David, levanta-te! Eles saíram apressadamente do quarto e encontraram-se com Alexis na cozinha. -Então, meus queridos, já fizeram as apresentações. -Sim querida, nem acredito que nunca me a tinhas apresentado. – David lançou um olhar a Alexa, como quem pedi desculpa por ter que tratar Alexis por querida. Alexa lançou-lhe um sorriso. -Sabe como é David, com oum cavalheiro como você é normal que ela o queira guardar só para ela. -Que exagero ! E, por favor, trata-me por tu. – disse-lhe David. -Estou esfomeada. Mas primeiro tenho que ir tomar um banho. -Podes ir Alexis, eu trato do jantar. -Eu ajudo-a, querida. Desfruta do banho, pareces cansada. -Obrigada. Vocês são uns verdadeiros amor. – eles sorriram. Alexis saiu da sala e David aproximou-se do corpo de Alexa. Queria tanto beijá-la. -David, tens que te controlar. Imagina se a Alexis nos apanha. -Eu preciso estar contigo. Eu sinto tanto desejo de estar contigo. -David, acredita que eu também. Mas sabes que não podemos, não agora. -Está bem, mas promete que te encontras comigo a meio da noite da cabana do barco. -David… -A Alexis está a dormir, ela não vai dar por nada. Confia em mim. -Oh meu Deus David. Se eu soubesse que ia ser assim não tinha vindo. -Desculpa, eu não te quero pressionar. Eu tenho saudades de quando fazemos amor durante toda a noite. Só nós os dois. -Não me peças desculpa, amor. Eu digo isto porque também me custa muito. Custa muito ver-te e não te poder abraçar ou beijar. Custam-me ver-te nos braços de outra mulher. Alexa olhou em volta, para confirmar se estavam sozinhos. Depois beijou-o e envolveu-o num abraço rápido. -Amo-te!- sussurrou-lhe David ao ouvido. -Eu amo-te mais !- respondeu Alexa e depois afastou-se. -Bem, amor, vamos tratar do jantar? – perguntou-lhe David. Enquanto faziam o jantar, Alexis entrou na cozinha e disse: - Eu estava a pensar. Amanhã tenho que voltar à costa para tratar de uns assuntos, porque não aproveitas e levas a Alexa a dar uma volta de barco? -Parece-me uma óptima ideia, o que achas, Alexa? -Concordo, parece-me uma excelente ideia. Depois do jantar sentaram-se todos na sala, à lareira, a conversar. Passado um pouco Alexis disse-lhes: -Estou morta de cansaço. Acho que me vou deitar. -Eu vou contigo. Deixa-me só apagar a lareira. – respondeu David. -Está bem, amor, eu vou subindo. Assim que Alexis saiu da sala, David disse a Alexa. -Às três na cabana. -É melhor não. Amanhã temos o dia só para nós. Não vamos abusar da sorte. -Está bem, mas vou morrer de saudades tuas até lá. -Eu também. Agora vai. Amo-te. David subiu até ao quarto. Alexa ficou mais um pouco na sala, sentada no sofá, a pensar em David e em como gostava de viver uma vida assim com ele. Acabou por adormecer e foi acordado no dia seguinte por Alexis. -Dormiste aqui Alexa? -Sim, eu sentei-me mais um pouco, não tinha sono. E pelo vistos acabei por adormecer. Que horas são? - São 5h. Eu tenho assuntos para tratar. Ainda é muito cedo. Vai deitar-te um pouco na tua cama. Mas não faças muito barulho, o David ainda está a dormir e ele fica rabugento de o acordam. -Sim, vou fazer isso. Tens razão. -Vou andando. Alexa esperou até ver o barco de Alexis sair da sua vista. Depois subiu, não até ao seu quarto, mas até ao quarto de David. Ele estava a dormir que nem um anjo. Ela entrou no quarto e deitou-se ao seu lado. De seguida abraçou-o. Ele mexeu-se e disse. -Alexis, deixa-me dormir. Estás muito calor. Larga-me. -Queres mesmo que te largue? – sussurrou-lhe ao ouvido. Ele abriu os olhos e viu Alexa. Ele nem conseguia acreditar no que estava a ver. -Que isto não seja um sonho…- disse ele. Alexa beijou-o. -É bem real. – disse-lhe ela. -Ainda bem. Porque se não fosse não queria voltar a acordar. -Porquê? -Porque infelizmente no mundo real não te posso ter deitada ao meu lado tantas vezes como queria. -Tens-me aqui agora. -Mas o que eu queria mesmo era poder dormir contigo todas as noites. Poder acordar a teu lado todas as manhãs. -David… -Não, Alexa. Isto já não é o que era. -O que queres dizer? -Antes tínhamos uma aventura. Eu era casado e tu sabias disso… -David, tu és casado ! – interrompeu-o Alexa. -O que eu sinto por ti já não é mais uma aventura. Eu amo-te, Alexa. Eu quero ficar contigo, eu preciso ficar contigo. -David, ficares comigo só te ia estragar a vida. -Porquê? -Porque tu és casado, tinha que passar um divórcio, construir a tua vida de novo… -Eu quero construir a minha vida contigo. Eu quero começar do zero. Começar do zero contigo a meu lado. -Tu sabes o que isso implica? -Nada disso interessa se te poder ter ao meu lado. -Tens a certeza disso? -Queres ver-me feliz? -Que pergunta, David. Claro que te quero ver feliz. É tudo o que eu mais quero. -Então fica comigo. -David, eu… -Beija-me, Alexa. Por favor. Alexa beijou-a. Ele envolveu-a num abraço. -Por favor não me deixes. – pediu David a Alexa. -Eu não te vou deixar. Mas espero que tenhas noção do que vamos passar. -Isso não me importa. O telefone começou a tocar. -David, não vais atender? -Não quero sair deste abraço. Não quero que saias dos meus braços. -Temos muito tempo para isso. Assim que voltares eu vou estar aqui de braços abertos para te receber. -Está bem. David saiu da cama e foi atender o telefone. Quando voltou ao quarto disse a Alexa: -A Alexis teve um acidente no barco. Ela embateu numa rocha e o barco explodiu. Ele morreu. -Lamento David. - Vamos finalmente poder ficar juntos. -Que horror, David. A tua mulher acabou de morrer. -Depois de tudo o que passámos juntos, desculpa se não fico muito incomodado. -Vem cá… - disse-lhe Alexa estendendo-lhe a mão. Ele agarrou-lhe a mão e deitou-se nos braços dela. -Eu só quero estar contigo, está bem? – perguntou David. -Está bem. -Prometes que nunca me vais deixar? -Prometo David, prometo. Eles passaram o resto da manhã na cama, abraçados. Tinham agora o resto da vida pela frente. ","Summary":" (Nota: A Alexa é uma personagem criada por mim, não pertencendo ao elenco da história.) Love in an "},{"Movie":"Dark Harbor","Title":"Before the Movie","Author":"ChocolateChipCookie30","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11733273","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I have been married to Davied Weinberg for seven years now. After college, I went a little mad, and David helped me. I fell in love with him at first sight. I had no idea who he was or where he came from. I lost my mind after my mother scared off my boyfriend, who had the most beautiful blue eyes God ever had the audacity to create. I went to Yale. He was from Texas. He was a wild man, but I was crazy about him. My mother never liked any of my boyfriends. David was no different. We met when I came stumbling out of a bar, drunk. I was sporting a black eye, and my hair was completely disheveled. All I remember was passing out in an alleyway, and when I woke up, I was lying down with my head in somebody's lap. We were in a park. David had a thing of ice pressed to my black eye. The park was just across the street from the bar, so he probably got the ice there. He was wearing sweat pants, tennis shoes, a white t-shirt, and a gray jacket. His eyes were coffee brown. \"Are you all right, Miss? You took quite a fall.\" Already, I was in love. He gave me a smirk. I had never seen this man before in my life, and I have to tell you, I found him to be quite handsome. \"I've been better. I'm a little nauseated.\" David leaned me over so I could throw up all the beer I had been drinking earlier. It was both nasty and embarrassing, to say the least. He stroked my back, and held my hair while I was sick. Once I was done, I lay my head back on his lap. \"Why did you have a bag of ice pressed against my left eye?\" \"From what I heard, someone in the bar punched you. I think it was the bartender. She sure was rough looking. She said you were being quite difficult, and she had no choice but to use physical force.\" I smiled. \"Yes, well, I was a bit mouthy to her, so I guess I had it coming. Once my hangover is gone, I will go back and apologize.\" \"What's your name?\" \"Alexis. Alexis Chandler.\" \"Pretty name. I'm David Weinberg.\" I had such a throbbing headache. I was no longer queasy, but very tired. Slowly, I sat up. \"Well, thank you very much, Mr. Weinberg, but I think I better be getting back home. I should sleep this off.\" David nodded his head and offered to call me a cab. \"I'd drive you myself, but I promised a friend I would meet him here in a half hour.\" \"That is perfectly fine. Thank you so much for all your help, Mr. Weinberg.\" \"David, please. You are very welcome, Miss Chandler.\" \"Alexis.\" \"Alexis.\" David called the cab, paid the driver and told me to look after myself. I thanked him, and told him I hoped I'd see him again. \"How about we have lunch tomorrow? There's a really nice pizza place around the corner from here.\" It was a date. I would meet him there tomorrow at noon. He sure was a gentleman. I just hoped that if anything came out of this relationship, my mother would not scare him off like she did my other boyfriends. ","Summary":" I have been married to Davied Weinberg for seven years now. After college, I went a little mad, and"},{"Movie":"Dark Harbor","Title":"Problemas","Author":"astartea","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2047808","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer : Los personajes de Dark Harbor no mernpertenecen. No gano ningún dinero por escribir acerca de ellos, esto esrnsolamente un medio de diversión. Rated: PG-13 Reviews: Serán bien recibidos, al igual que lasrncriticas. Problemas By Astartea La chimenea crepitaba alegremente, iluminando tenuemente elrnoscuro comedor. Podría haber encendido las luces, pero eso hubiese roto elrnencanto de la escena, y en el fondo tenía que reconocer que era un románticornempedernido, por más que tratase de ocultarlo. Se encendió un cigarrillo y se sentó en la base de lasrnescaleras. A la luz de la chimenea, el cuerpo del chico se veía insignificante.rn¿Cuántos años podría tener? No más de veinte, probablemente, aunque en larnpenumbra y dormido aparentaba unos quince... Me estoy volviendo loco, pensó desesperado, apagandornel cigarrillo contra un cenicero que había colocado en la base de larnbarandilla. Subió las escaleras de espaldas sin poder apartar los ojos delrncuerpo inerte que dormitaba en el sofá. Tambaleándose confuso llegó hasta larnpuerta de la habitación, que seguía entornada. Alexis dormía sin emitir ningúnrnsonido, como si estuviese muerta. Su pecho apenas subía unos milímetros en cadarnrespiración. Se quitó sigilosamente la camisa del pijama y se acercó a larnventana para abrirla un poco. Aunque la lluvia seguía golpeando insistentementernen los cristales, él necesitaba sentir un poco de aire fresco en el rostro. Seguíarnintranquilo por la presencia del muchacho en la parte de debajo de la casa,rnpero se sorprendió al descubrir que no era por pensar que podía intentar robarrnalgo, ni por considerarlo un peligro. Estaba nervioso de saber que el chicornestaba sólo, durmiendo en su sofá. Cerró la ventana entre estremecimientos. Hacía un frío delrndemonio, incluso para los cánones de la islita. Alexis empezó a agitarse y arnmascullar en sueños. - ... Papá... David suspiró. Era duro saber que su mujer anteponía el amorrnhacia su difunto padre al amor que debería sentir hacia su marido... No podíarnevitar sentirse un segundo plato, una fotocopia borrosa del hombre que ellarntanto amase. Todo el mundo le había advertido los motivos por los que Alexis serncasó con él, y él lo sabía, pero por aquel entonces, seis años atrás del día enrnque nos situamos, David hubiese dado cualquier cosa por ser una persona normal. Una persona normal, con una mujer normal, ambos de clasernmedia-alta, ambos trabajando holgadamente y cobrando buenos salarios,rnacostumbrándose a las manías que el otro pudiese tener, conviviendo de formarnejemplar, frecuentando grupos de amigos con conversación agradable y poniendornbuena cara ante una vida llena de mentiras. Salió de la habitación, incapaz de seguir mirándola. Lernasqueaba. Le asqueaba cada día más. Si ella no estuviera, su vida, su miseriarnsería mucho más llevadera. Pero allí estaba ella, encadenándole a lo que debíarnser y alejándole de sus deseos. Volvió al salón, donde la chimenea se había apagado y sólornlas ascuas brillaban tenuemente. Ya no podía distinguir los rasgos del chico,rnque tiritaba dormido. Se dirigió al armario del pasillo y rebuscó entre lasrnsábanas y toallas. Allí estaba la enorme manta que la madre de Alexis habíarntejido para su ajuar. Al tomarla, recordó la furibunda cara que su suegra habíarnpuesto cuando ambos le anunciaron su compromiso. Sin duda alguna, David nunca había sido el príncipe azul quernella soñaba para su hija. Demasiado viejo para ella. Demasiado parecido a surnpadre, que colmó de amor a la pequeña mientras ignoraba completamente a surnmujer. La única noticia que la mujer acogió con alegría fue cuando los médicosrnles dijeron que Alexis era estéril. David sonrió para sus adentros. Por una parte, hubiese deseadornser padre, pero sabía perfectamente que la historia familiar de su mujer sernhubiese repetido, y no podía imaginar peor herencia para un hijo que elrnrecuerdo de un padre tan amoroso que tras su muerte le marcase para el resto dernsu vida. Alexis era el claro ejemplo de esto. Y allí seguía el muchacho. ¿Cuántos días habrían pasadorndesde la última vez que pudo dormir bajo un techo? David se preguntaba tantasrncosas acerca de él. Le hubiese encantado despertarlo y sentarse a su lado para preguntarlernpor su vida. Hubiese escuchado y bebido cada detalle. Al fin y al cabo, élrntenía tan poco que contar de sí mismo. Con cuidado, colocó la horrible manta por encima de surncuerpo. Al menos esa tela de araña tendría, por fin, una utilidad. El chico sernrevolvió y David tuvo miedo de haber sido muy brusco y haberlo despertado, perornsimplemente cambió de postura, quedando tumbado de espaldas con la cabezarntorcida hacia el pecho. Era tan tentador... Con infinito cuidado, le apartó el cabello negro y aúnrnhúmedo de los ojos. Estiró las yemas de los dedos al máximo, dejándolas a dosrncentímetros escasos de las horribles cicatrices que le tallaban el rostro.rnLuego, en un momento de locura, se lamió los labios y los unió un instanterncontra la bella boca del muchacho. Era una sensación tan dulce como el azúcar yrntan agria como la cebolla. ¿Qué podía hacer si se había enamorado? ¿Qué podía hacer sirnel instinto le obligaba a romper a pedazos esa fachada que con tanto esmerornhabía construido? Sin poder evitarlo, acarició su cara y aspiró el olor de surnpelo, fuego y lluvia. Deseo y libertad. Pero él estaba encadenado a tantas cosas.... -Tengo un problema. Y voy a tener más – susurró más para sirnmismo que para el chico. Se levantaba para dirigirse al lecho conyugal cuando unasrnmanos firmes y jóvenes le sujetaron y tiraron de él hacia el sofá. Los dosrnpares de labios se encontraron una vez más. Al soltarlo, el chico sonreíarnmisteriosamente, mirándolo con ojos de fiera. -No te preocupes. Yo estoy aquí. Fin. ","Summary":" Disclaimer : Los personajes de Dark Harbor no mernpertenecen. No gano ningún dinero por escribir ac"},{"Movie":"Libertine","Title":"Enrich Perfection","Author":"linalove","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13110993","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1: Chapter 1 A/N: I realized that I had deleted this story from the site. I have no idea why I did that, but here it is again for anyone interested to read this. Thanks! Disclaimer: I do not own the Libertine. ~Enrich perfection~ Chapter 1 ' It is only imperfection that complains of what is imperfect. The more perfect we are, the more gentle and quiet we become towards the defects of others.' ~ Joseph Addison Adderbury, Oxfordshire, 1676 The rain is pounding hard against the rooftops. Tap. Tap. Tap. The large open field looks like a huge swamp. The horses are already stuck in the dreadful mud. The young stable boy handling their reins is already ready to collapse from the strain. His hands are bleeding and sweat is sliding down the side of his face, mingling with the heavy drops of rain, but he doesn't stop. The horses are huffing and neighing in response to the rough handling, but the boy is relentless. Their work is already ruined by the heavy rain, but he will not let the animals die in this weather as well. The boy lets out a triumphant yell when the two stallions finally, finally , move forward and pull the large cart onward. Their muzzles move from side to side as they struggle with the weight, but they are muscled enough and the young man keeps on forcing them forward. He will take good care of them later. The wood inside the cart is soaked and it will probably be useless to the household for a while, but still. It'd be a same not to salvage it. His elation doesn't last long. One of the reins slips from his hold and the already startled horse jumps backwards, the animal's two front legs lurching precariously towards the young man. An undignified yelp escapes his mouth and he stumbles backwards. His back connects with the mud with a loud sloppy sound and severe pain erupts up and down his spine. As a result to his fall, the other horse is set free as well. Rolling onto his side, he tries to sit up but a horse's hoof is enough to send him down again, howling in pain. He blinks hard in an attempt to see better, but the heavy rain in too much for his eyes. A hand on his shoulder startles him and he reopens his eyes, the sounds of the horses too loud in his ears. The face that he encounters is enough to make him panic more. It's her again. She needs to stay out of trouble. She never listens. \"Get back!\" he yells through the rain and thunder, but the woman simply rises from her kneeling position and gently, albeit a bit inelegantly, makes her way towards the angered animals. \"Shh.\" The little noise she makes causes the horses' ears to twitch and so she does it again and again until at least one of the stallions is calm enough for her to approach further. She outstretches her hands, small and roughened from field work, and gently touches the black horse's muzzle with just the tips of her fingers. It neighs threateningly and jolts backwards and she purses her lips, slightly curling them into a tiny smile as she touches it with her full palm. \" /Easy/\". \"Leentje!\" The boy calls out at her, but she simply leans forwards again, choosing to ignore the sloppy pronunciation of her name. The horse huffs and in a quick move she manages to catch the reins. The horse neighs loudly at the manipulation and she releases a tiny chuckle as she uses her grip on the rope to pull the animal forward. The stallion's long legs have some difficulty in manoeuvring themselves in the sticky mud, but he moves sullenly forward. The dark grey horse beside it follows as well with an objecting neigh that makes the boy laugh. \"All well there?\" he calls as he manages to stand up, holding onto his side and hoping that she can at least understand those three simple words. \"Ja.\" Her response is quiet, too quiet, and he isn't sure if she fully understands his words but the boy shakes his head in amusement while he shots a look at all the other men who are standing safely underneath the cover of the stables. Their leers and snorts are prominent in the air, but the young man expects nothing less. She doesn't seem to mind the taunting. She simple does her work and keeps her eyes lowered. His lips twitch in disappointment and he only prays that the Earl is not lurking somewhere watching his workmen sit back while they ought to be working. Rumour has it that he is back from London. All goes relatively well and she manages to pull the animals closer to the stables, but suddenly a thunder jolts the ground underneath their feet and mayhem dominates the scene again. This time, more men move forward as the horses free themselves and manage to tip the cart and its contents over and right into the mud. The woman is thrown out of balance and she too falls backwards. Her working cap is knocked off her head and her dark hair tumbles down her shoulders in dark soaked strands. Her clothes are soiled to an unrecognizable state and she can feel the sludge sticking to her feet and drawing her deeper into the dirt. Shouts permit the air and suddenly a pair of gloved hands makes a grab for the flailing reins. The men are stunned into silence as the sound of a whip accompanies the chaos of the storm. The sharp leather falls upon the backs of the rebellious stallions once, but it is enough to send them into compliance. Leentje wipes her cheek with the back of her hand, the only thing that has been left unsoiled, and sits up as the man manages to quiet the horses down, her features a scowl at the sight of the leather. Her eyes move from the whip and focus on the man's dark brown boots before they slide upwards and towards his long cloak. His hair is past his shoulders and his facial expression is fierce as he moves his stare from the stallions to the dropped, soaked wood. He looks displeased; his mouth is curled as he eyes the animals with reproach. Who is he? Her silent question remains unanswered when the man's dark brown gaze falls upon her like a huge tidal wave. She flinches at his displayed disdain. \"Thomas.\" The way he pronounces the name is clipped and venomous and the boy scrambles to move forward. \"Me Lord?\" He sniffs as the rain continues to bat his face. Lord? Heer? Her eyes widen minutely. Her confusion rises when the man motions towards her undignified heap of limbs with his uplifted chin. Thomas' eyes widen and he leans down, grabbing her arm and pulling her to her feet. She manages to stay upright and boldly looks at the man. Thomas shakes her arm and she turns to him with confusion. \"The Earl of Rochester.\" The whisper is too low for her untrained ears. The language is only barely familiar to her, but she quickly understands one word. Rochester. Heer of the house. Master, yes? Ducking her head in a belated gesture of respect, she is surprised to hear him snort derisively. Looking up a bit, she watches with confusion as he slowly hands the reins over to a servant worker and steps closer to her and Thomas. He doesn't seem too bothered by the rain. His eyes are intense and slightly narrowed, and he is still holding onto the whip. Thomas quickly releases her and takes a step away as the man approaches them. \"My, my…\" he drawls in a smooth deep voice as he taps the leather tip of the whip against the palm of his hand, regarding her with a cocked eyebrow. His gaze travels from her dirty face, to her soaked hair only to move downwards to her over-spilling bodice. It's barely her size and terribly tight and stifling, but she has no other clothes. The frown that his inspection causes upon her face is enough for him to scowl in displeasure, his handsome features twisting into derisive curves. \" Milkmaid , Thomas? She won't do.\" \"Me Lord, I-…\" \"She ought to be with the animals, not working in the dams. The animals are on the other side of the estate.\" He is speaking slowly, as if to a child and she looks at him and then at Thomas with a tiny frown. His voice would have been charming if it wasn't so…biting. Even with her limited knowledge of their tongue she can understand the cruel undertone. \"Report to my mother at once. She will know where to… place you.\" She knows he is talking to her, Leentje knows, but she can only look up in puzzlement as he stares at her over-curvaceous form with barely contained amusement. His mocking gaze is enough for her to duck her head again in embarrassment. \"Did you not hear what I said?\" The Earl's tone is barely controlled and everyone knows how he hates to be in the rain and mud. The curl of his lip is enough to show his irritation at being delayed by a mere servant. \"Me Lord, she doesn't understand very well. She is new here.\" Thomas' tone is meek and terribly controlled. \"What do you mean she doesn't understand ? She is not deaf, is she?\" Rochester is looking at the woman with closer scrutiny now, tapping the whip more rapidly against his gloved palm. \"She's a foreigner.\" Thomas squints through the rain to look at Rochester. The Earl pauses and a resigned expression passes over his face before he rolls his eyes, \"Fine. Lead her to my mother then.\" There is annoyance in his voice and a tiny smidgen of boredom. \"No, me Lord. The Countess said there is no other position at the moment. Once Maria is due then there will be an empty placement and she is strong and-…\" \"Alright!\" he snaps and forcefully smacks Thomas' arm with the whip, \"Make sure she doesn't cause such uproar again. Get back inside and tend to the horses. The whips are in the stables for a reason. Use them .\" He eyes the younger man with exasperation and then turns away, \"Be here at five tomorrow. Away!\" He shoos the men out of his way by flourishing the whip and then stomps towards the large manor, his strides wide and rapid. Leentje watches him go and she scowls at his back. Thomas' hand invades her vision and she is startled. \"Oi.\" She looks at him and he shakes his head, \"Never stare. You never know what he'll do. Stoppen .\" He mutters in her mother language and she quickly nods. Satisfied with her reply, he waves towards the barricade that leads to the stables and straight to the workers' cabins. Moving swiftly, she moves forward and Thomas follows her closely, his expression fatigued. Stopping suddenly, Leentje turns around again and gently leans down and picks up her dirty cap. Folding it in two and looking at it morosely, she turns around once more and heads for the stables in small, shaky and graceless strides. End of chapter 1 Author's note: So…Liked it? Hated it? Let me know. It gets more… interesting as we go on. Promise. Leentje's back story and roots will be revealed in the next chapters. Also, her name is pronounced Leen-tke. And it is a pet name. Her actual name will be revealed in the next chap. *Translations: Ja= yes Heer= Lord Stoppen= stop it*[Chapter 2] Chapter 2: Chapter 2 A/N: Hello and welcome back. Disclaimer: I do not own the Libertine. *Sentences in italics mean that the characters are speaking Dutch.* Chapter 2 ' There is a kind of beauty in imperfection.' ~Conrad Hall There is no rain, but the extreme humidity is soaking her clothes and making her bones ache. Her feet are strong as she uses them to sit up from her kneeling position, but the ground is not helping her move swiftly. In fact, it is weighing her down and making each step a chore. Her task is not that difficult, not really. Helping Thomas and another man, but they need assistance when she is in the middle of something else and that causes her skin to flush with impatience. She is not allowed to work as they do, but she has to be at their beck and call when they need more planks of wood or a flask of water. She is in the middle of standing up from Thomas' side when her shoulder bumps painfully with a solid and heavily clothed chest. Her eyes widen minutely when the flask is knocked from her hand. Her sudden stumble releases the cap from her head and her hair tumbles irritably forward, brushing against her cheeks and neck and sticking to her sweaty skin. Huffing, she pushes it back with a dirty hand and then looks up. Dark brown collides with honey brown and for a moment she is stunned into stillness. The cocked eyebrow of her master is enough to send her backwards as if burned. The man's eyes study her. From her four inches deep in mud skirt, to her apron and corset underneath, only to stop at the exposed skin of her collarbones. The thin scarf around her neck doesn't do much to cover her tattered dress and she tugs at it shamefully. Leaning down, the Earl catches the flask and regards it with an obvious look of disgust. It's covered in dirt. Just like his boots. She wonders why he always wears that expression on his face. He has such fine features. He reminds her of her father when he was young. He was just as handsome, yet he always smiled…Back home. Holding it between a few of his fingers, he presses it against her stomach with a scowl. \"Be careful. You never know what's in this horrid mud.\" He mutters, but she only understands the first two words. The rest are just a jumbled mess of syllables inside her head. She fights with the urge to click her tongue. She needs to intensify her efforts to learn the language. Heer Rochester doesn't seem as patient as Thomas. No. In fact, he is looking at her with barely disguised boredom. \"Continue with…\" His eyes sweep her form and she swallows hard, \"whatever it is you're doing.\" He looks away from her and shoots a glance at the other workmen. They are staring at her and her over-spilling bosom. His nose curls in distaste. Doesn't she own a dress her size? She looks utterly ridiculous. His lip follows his nose and he can see that he is making the little milkmaid uncomfortable. Good. She ought to be. His eyes lock with hers for a moment and he smirks. Hell, he can barely make out her skin underneath all the grime and sweat. Nevertheless, she provides much needed distraction and amusement for him while he is here. Perhaps he ought to be outside all day to watch this supple, round lass fight with his land. \"Thomas!\" The young man's head snaps up at that, \"Me Lord?\" \"How does it look?\" he asks as he brushes her aside and moves forward. Leentje watches with increasing panic as he steps on her previously clean cap. She releases a small noise of indignation and watches Rochester's back with slightly narrowed eyes. He simply smirks a bit to himself, fully aware of his rude deed, but focuses his attention on the boy. \"We need more hands, me Lord. And more planks. These won't hold another flood.\" Thomas doesn't dare to look away from the Earl though he is aware of the distressed female behind him. \"I'll see to that. For now gather the others.\" Rochester looks up and scowls, \"Looks like another storm is coming.\" Thomas nods and pushes his shovel deep into the ground before he stands up. Leentje releases a shaky breath, her eyes still on her cap and on the Earl's expensive boot, but she makes no sound. She simply turns to walk away. A snort causes her to falter and then she feels something poking her thigh. Looking down with wide eyes, she sees the long walking stick. For a moment she is confused, but then Thomas calls her name. She slowly turns around again. Thomas looks amused and ready to chuckle while the Earl is eyeing her with a quirked eyebrow and a look of utter hilarity and condescension; all at her expense. He is rhythmically tapping his foot against the mushy ground, the tip of his boot just by her mucky cap. Flushing with embarrassment and mild anger, she swiftly leans down and snatches the cloth, presenting both men with the generous amount of skin displayed from her cleavage. Rochester's eyebrow travels even higher up his forehead and he smirks while Thomas clears his throat awkwardly. Leentje straightens and raises her eyes to Rochester. Instead of ducking her head, she slowly shakes her head at him and the smirk falls right off his face. All amusement is gone when he notices her critical expression and he is for a moment overthrown by the severe look in her brown eyes; eyes that are similar to his own and have never before in his entire life caught such a great deal of his attention. Never. Odd. She mutters something under her breath, judgmental look still in place and Rochester feels rebuked without even understanding the words. Is it possible to feel that way with a single look? \"What did you say?\" His voice is loud and he is not certain if he sounds authoritative or simply offended. He would loathe it if it was the latter. She is just a girl; a mousy, dark haired little peasant girl with dirty skin and too many curves to be pleasing to the eye; especially his eye. The girl looks up and without removing her gaze from his narrowed eyes, slowly repeats the words. \" Slechte meester.\" Abruptly and with slightly wounded eyes, she turns and walks away along with the rest of the men. Rochester's eyes follow her until she is too far away for him to actually see her. Tightening his hold on his walking stick, he turns to the younger man, his scowl firmly in place. \"What did she say?\" he asks through slightly clenched teeth and Thomas gulps a little. \"Eh…she…\" \"That was not a question. It was a command, lad.\" He warns darkly and Thomas shifts nervously, \"You do know what she said, don't deny it. Speak.\" The lad sighs, \"She said bad master .\" He replies at last, wincing when Rochester's head swivels sharply towards the direction of the stables. \"How do you know her tongue?\" The Earl murmurs, his features stretched in intrigue and yet the irritation is still firmly settled in his eyes. \"My mother was from Holland, Sir.\" Rochester's mouth twitches when he hears female laughter coming from behind the stables and he is pretty certain that her amusement has something to do with the horses. \"What's her name?\" His eyes do not move from the direction of her voice and Thomas blinks, his gut weighing him down with dread. \"Er…Magdalena, sir. But everybody calls her Leentje.\" He speaks with caution because he can already see the interest growing in his master's eyes. The infamous poet never busies himself with anything but beauties and yet…here he is, eyes aflame for a foreign peasant woman. \"Is that so?\" Rochester licks his bottom lip before he finally looks at the boy, \"Which cabin is hers?\" Thomas' eyes widen and Rochester laughs, \"Keep your wits about, lad. I have no intentions of sullying your protégé's honour. Especially if she's always that dirty.\" His lip curls slightly at the mere thought and Thomas blinks in confusion. \"Then why do you-…?\" \"Answer the question.\" \"She resides with Maria, sir. Just behind the stables. Second cabin.\" His response is laced with reluctance and when the Earl smirks and turns to stomp away, Thomas speaks. \"Don't dismiss her, sir. She's loyal. Ain't got a single spare piece of clothing on her back. That cap you stomped on is the only thing she owns.\" Rochester pauses, eyebrow cocked in further intrigue. Without turning to look at the servant, he languidly twirls the handle of his walking stick between his long fingers, mouth pursed in slyness. \"The dress is borrowed from Maria.\" The lad is closer to him now and the Earl tries hard not to roll his eyes at the drama. \"Walked all the way from London she did, sir. The Countess, your mother, was the only one who agreed to hire her…After Lady Elizabeth's intervention of course.\" Thomas adds and Rochester sneers as he faces the large manor. Of course. Elizabeth is a saint. \"Don't start crying on me now, lad.\" He turns to look at the youth from over his shoulder, \"I have no intention of dismissing Miss…\" \"Bakker.\" He resists the urge to chuckle in wicked triumph. The boy is too easy to manipulate. Wonderful. And he was wondering what he could do to relieve the awful boredom of the country. \"Yes, indeed. I have no intentions of dismissing Ms. Bakker. Now, off you go. You look awful.\" He can literally hear the lad's sigh of relief as he resumes his suave saunter towards the manor and he cannot help the hoarse amused chuckle that escapes his throat. Magdalena Bakker. The little nit who thought it wise to offend him in a language he cannot understand. How…rude and inferior. Like her birth. His inner voice adds and he grins a bit. It doesn't matter. Her kind is always more fun. He pauses momentarily as an idea flashes and roots itself deep inside his mind, \"Before you go, fetch me my horse.\" He thunders and Thomas hurries to oblige, oblivious of the Earl's dark glimmering eyes. oOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOo \"It is of no great consequence if you take it.\" The familiar female voice causes her to whirl around. Facing away from her meagre laundry, she tightens the borrowed shawl around her shoulders, her expression curious as Maria approaches her with a pot of food. \" The shawl.\" she clarifies in Leentje's native tongue and watches as the other woman smiles in gratitude, but shakes her head. \" Thank you, but no.\" Dark hair falls in front of her eyes as the round from child woman comes and places the pot of food on a low wooden stool by the door. \" Eat it while it's still warm…\" Maria motions towards the food and Leentje smiles, \" I shall bring milk later. The Countess feels generous today…\" \" Why is that?\" Maria sighs, \"The King's commission arrived today…I think that means Lord Rochester has been good.\" Maria snickers and Leentje frowns in remembrance. \" He is vile.\" Maria's laughter stops, \" You think so?\" \" Yes. Arrogant, cruel and vile.\" Her gaze falls on her slightly ripped cap that is hanging on the string to dry and Maria sighs. \" I told you not to wear it-…\" \" It brings me good luck. It was mother's.\" Leentje gasps horrified, \" She will be angry.\" Maria looks at her hesitantly, \"She is dead…\" Leentje shakes her head and pulls the shawl tighter around her, \" The people we love never leave us…\" Her eyes drop to the ground and when she looks up there is a smile on her lips, \"She brought me here.\" Maria laughs, \" Great deal of good that did you. Did my brother ask about me?\" Leentje shakes her head in the negative. \" Foolish lad…I better get back. Tend to the fire or we won't catch any sleep tonight again…\" Maria walks away and Leentje is left to stare after her. Burrowing closer into the shawl, she turns and heads back inside the small cabin, shutting the door behind her. oOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOo Nightfall has arrived and the air is chilly as she steps outside to gather her dress. It is dry, but extremely cold and she quickly folds it in two, thrusting it underneath her arm as she turns to walk back inside, her face a crease of worry because of Maria's absence. Just as she moves to shut the light door, horse's hooves cause her to freeze. Eyes wide, she turns to face the intruder and she whirls around just in time to see none other than the Earl of Rochester himself jumping over the low fence with the help of his strong, muscled stallion. Frozen in place, Leentje can do nothing but stare at him as he slows down to a light trot, his expression blank, but his eyes dancing. Scowling, she hugs the dress closer to her thinly clothed form. He doesn't speak. His eyes take in the workers' cabins, they brush over the stables behind him and finally they move to settle on her stiff form by the door. His hair is in disarray from the wind and curly locks are clinging to his cheeks and neck, obscuring his eyes in the semi darkness. And yet, she knows that he is studying her. She feels threatened. She doesn't know why. She feels threatened by this man and she barely knows him. There is something…different about him. Something…dark. His features ought to make him angelic, but they don't. They make him seem devious. She doesn't speak though. Her manipulation of the English language is not adequate. She only just knows a few words and it would be rather rude of her to break the silence with a very unrefined what . He is the Lord of the county after all. She doesn't have to make the decision though. He makes it for her. Slowly, and with obviously practiced ease, he raises his hand and beckons her closer with his forefinger and middle finger. As if she's his private chambermaid. Mask of distrust in place, she takes small, measured footsteps towards his lordship. The way his gaze moves over her is not lost to her however. There is a look of unadulterated surprise on his face the closer she comes to him. Why is he looking at her like that? She has complete knowledge of herself, but still…Men like him don't look at her….Not like that. Looking down at herself rather self-consciously, she misses the tiny smirk that passes over his features. No words are spoken when she arrives next to his horse. He doesn't even breathe loudly when he reaches into his pocket and produces a neatly folded cloth. It's white. Frowning, she watches as he outstretches his hand towards her. His eyes are expectant as she studies his hand like it's the plague itself. Leentje doesn't move and he rolls his eyes; slowly and mockingly. He clicks his tongue and she simply knows that he always gets what he wants. Stubbornly, she doesn't move to take his offering. What is it anyway? Her eyes focus on his hand and she watches as the gold of his ring glimmers in the semi darkness. She cannot even imagine owning such a gem. He cocks an eyebrow at her stare and his brown eyes move to his ring. Smirking in amusement and secret satisfaction, he clears his throat. As expected, she flushes and the blush brings out the paleness of her skin; the paleness of her very much clean skin. Where is all the... dirt ? His mouth waters at the sight of white skin and supple flesh that is peeking from underneath the mockery of a shawl she has on. His eyes roam her form and he tries not to notice the fullness of her hips, the thickness of her thighs or the roundness of her belly. She is nothing like the women he spends his time with. No…Men wouldn't even turn to look at her twice. However, she chooses this moment to look into his eyes and his last thought is rebuked. No, they wouldn't. Unless they were to look at that. The right corner of his mouth curls up in a half smirk and she is startled. Quickly and obviously out of fear, she takes the cloth from his hand. He lowers his hand upon his thigh and watches her as she curiously studies the offering. Leentje moves her fingers over the cloth and she is surprised by how soft the fabric feels. It's cotton, for sure, but the trimming is made out of lace. Eyes wide she thrusts it towards his lap, taking a step back while shaking her head. Accept a gift? From a man like him? Never. \"No.\" She uses one of the words she is familiar with and watches as his face gets cloudy. Expression blank all of a sudden, he leans down and presses the new cap against her chest and she has no option but to clutch it tightly. Pulling his hand back, his extremely soft hand, he grabs the reins of his horse and heavily pats the stallion's sides. The black horse neighs softly and the Earl guides it away from her and her small cabin, leaving her to stare after him with increasing dread and confusion. End of chapter 2 Author's note: Thank you for reading. Liked it? Hated it? Please, let me know.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3: Chapter 3 A/N: Welcome back! Disclaimer: I do not own the Libertine. Chapter 3 ' She was no longer the milkmaid but a visionary essence of woman-a whole sex condensed into one typical form.' ~Thomas Hardy, Tess of the d'Urbevilles \"So, that is what has kept you isolated in here?\" John does not turn to face his friend. He simply carries on looking outside the window. His fingers gently flex around the goblet of wine as he listens to the footsteps behind him. \"Staring at the gardens.\" George Etherege removes his hat and comes to stand right next to Rochester, his lips pressed into a mildly condescending smile. The Earl doesn't turn to look at him. Not at all. He has his eyes trained on the heaving maiden just outside the window, just a few yards out of his reach. \"What do you want, George? You can't have missed me already.\" He takes a sip from the red wine, swirling the dark crimson liquid inside his mouth, savouring the taste of it on his tongue until the object of his attention leans down to pick up her skirts in order to move around the humid grounds of his estate. \"You have such little faith on me, dear friend. Why?\" George frowns and eyes Rochester carefully, \"What are you staring at?\" He turns to look outside, but at that moment the Earl moves, abruptly turning away from the glass to face the man. \"I am not staring. I am supervising. Something you wouldn't know anything about. Now, what do you want? I am in no mood to visit the inn today.\" He eyes Etherege with a cocked eyebrow and the man looks suspicious as he glances briefly at him. \"I am curious about the play, Johnny. That is all.\" The Earl snorts derisively, his eyes flickering towards the window fleetingly from time to time. \"Don't tell me you're here to offer your nonexistent prose skills.\" He drawls as he places a hand on his hip, wanting, but hesitating to face the tempting view that is the gardens. \"You wound me…\" Etherege murmurs, \"How is your wife?\" Rochester pauses, his brow furrowing, \"Fine…She is not here.\" \"Pity. I brought her roses. I know she adores them.\" The Earl eyes the small bouquet on the table with boredom. \"She is visiting her mother with the children.\" \"Which gives you more freedom to gawk at the chubby servant.\" Etherege smirks at having finally spotted his friend's target. He stifles the urge to snicker. \"Don't be ridiculous.\" Rochester mutters, \"I do not need anyone's permission to do that anyway. You on the other hand, cannot take a step out of line without a proper flogging from your wife. Tell me, do you enjoy that?\" Etherege clears his throat and ignoring the unsavoury comment, waves his hand towards the trees, \"Who is she?\" \"No one.\" The response is reflexive and he resists the urge to frown at his own words. What the fuck are you doing? \"Quit fucking around, Johnny. You were staring at the servant. What's her name?\" Rochester's lip curls upwards, his eyes narrow in irritation, \"I do not know. Drink?\" he spats and Etherege chuckles. \"Sure.\" \"Good. Pour yourself a glass then.\" Rochester turns and stomps to his favourite armchair by the fire. Crossing his legs at the ankles, he watches as his friend shakes his head, looks one last time outside and then walks to the wine pitcher on the table. Pouring the drink, he eyes the Earl who is in the process of downing the remnants of his own drink down his throat. \"How are the improvements going?\" Rochester beckons him closer, outstretching his hand with the empty glass, silently commanding for a refill. \"Awful. Dreadful. These floods set my teeth on edge. It's dangerous and the men are reluctant.\" Etherege fights the urge to smirk, \"The payment is not enough for them to risk their heads for the sake of the county's Lord and master?\" \"Go to hell and don't come back. It isn't a game. Of course you wouldn't know that. You live in London. I wonder if you'd be able to survive a week in the country, Georgie.\" Rochester takes a greedy sip from his glass and his eyes inadvertently find the window again. \"Oh, hush up, you old nag. You just sit back and watch. You order these people around.\" Etherege collapses in a chair and Rochester's spine quivers with agitation. \"What do you want?\" he spats again and George sighs. \"I came to see you after your abrupt leave from the premiere. What happened, Johnny?\" \"You happened.\" Rochester stands up again, ignoring the slight pain that shoots up and down his belly as he makes his way back to the window, pressing his forehead against the cool surface, \"Now that you're here I have to suggest that you stay the night.\" He turns to glance at the shorter man from over his shoulder, \"That is, of course, what my breeding commands me to do.\" He smirks and Etherege barks out a laugh that causes Rochester's head to throb with further frustration. \"Why, thank you. I accept. I love this house.\" Etherege stretches his legs and Rochester rolls his eyes. \"Did your mistress kick you out in the street, Georgie?\" he drawls as his eyes focus on the cap-less mess of hair displayed ahead. His mouth twitches as the girl collapses next to an apple tree in sheer exhaustion. Her legs are parted invitingly as she takes a seat on the humid grass, facing him and subjecting him to the addicting simplicity of her presence. Cocking an eyebrow, he watches as she tucks strands of her dark hair behind her ear and takes the offered piece of bread from one of the other servants. He has missed the fact that it is nearly dinner time. It seems like his stomach is satisfied by the heady taste of wine. Nevertheless, he is distracted by the way the fat beads of sweat are sliding down her pale neck only to pool between the valley of her generous breasts. He smirks, his mood lightening up for a brief moment. \"She wouldn't dare, I pay her too much.\" George's voice cuts through his musings like a blade. Rochester scowls, \"You shouldn't pay a whore so much.\" \"Ah, look who's talking.\" Etherege mutters, \"If you don't pay, you don't get quality.\" The Earl's eyes dutifully follow the movements of the girl's lips as she eats. For a girl her size she is nibbling on the stale bread with great moderation. He is impressed and his anger and indignation are pushed aside for a moment. Why anger? The silly milkmaid has spurned his gift by deciding not to wear it. Ignorant little cunt. Not to mention that the manservant next to her has his eyes on her like a man starved. Pathetic. \"I have to disagree. But I guess, lack of payment will force you to work harder in order to get what you want.\" His tone is laced with mockery and light, barely there venom, but one shouldn't expect any less; not from him anyway. \"Ouch, Johnny. But I suppose you are right. I do get bored easily, unlike you who strive to work for it. How's it going with Barry?\" The Earl's entire form stiffens at the mention of the woman's name. Gritting his teeth, he narrows his eyes as he tries to sponge as much tranquillity from the girl's image as his nature allows. He is unsuccessful when the servant, a youth no older than nineteen, leans closer to peer at her face. She blushes and through her still mildly clean face he can see nervousness and embarrassment. His brow furrows and he cocks his head to the side as she distances herself a little from the young man. \"I won the bet, didn't I?\" He spats out more harshly than he wants to, furious that the little mousy girl can so easily ruffle him with her self-preservation antics. She doesn't feel good at being gawked at…She wants to be invisible, but she cannot. \"That was not my question.\" \"It's the only one that concerns you.\" Rochester takes another drink from his goblet, \"Not to mention that you are just jealous.\" Etherege chokes on his drink as he starts chuckling, \"Jealous?\" Rochester turns to look at him, trying to put the girl out of his mind long enough to be his usual biting self, \"Yes. You pretend to be my friend and yet I can see the greed swimming in your eyes because you are simply envious of your noble friends.\" He smirks a little, \"Try and deny that. It's why you surround us, isn't it? And let's just be honest, George.\" He takes a step closer to his friend, \"You were lucky once. You wrote something that had success? Yes, you did. But it's been years.\" Etherege's nostrils flare, \"What about you?\" \"I never claimed to be a playwright.\" He takes another sip from his drink, his eyes flickering about the room for Alcock, but he is nowhere to be seen. \"What about that raunchy play?\" Rochester smirks his crooked little sneer, \"That is under evaluation. Now, I suppose you have to eat…Alcock!\" The yell is loud, but effective. There is some rustling and then footsteps, \"Me Lord?\" \"How's dinner?\" he grumbles and the servant nods. \"It's almost ready.\" \"Good. Mr. Etherege will stay the night. Prepare his food in the dining room and set up a guest room for him.\" \"What about you?\" George wrinkles his nose as the Earl whirls around, dismissing Alcock. \"I'm not hungry…\" he mutters as he presses his shoulder against the window. The girl is not there and he frowns. He spots her a moment later, a few feet away from the apple tree with her hands smoothing down her mess of a dress. Her face has lost its flushness and her expression is forlorn. For a moment he wonders why. He sneers at his own thought. Why should he care why the little peasant is sad? Because she is your new pet project. He bites his tongue hard and cranes his neck. His is not left to wonder. He follows her gaze and for a moment he stills. A bark of laughter escapes him and George is startled. \"What is so amusing?\" he grumbles, \"Despite your reluctance to eat with your friend, of course…\" He approaches, but Rochester moves towards the centre of the window and blocks his path. \"Nothing. I just remembered something.\" He murmurs, but it is certainly not nothing. He just saw how the girl's eyes followed the other men's food with hunger. His smirk drops immediately and he sobers up, wondering, musing how in hell the famine of someone has come to amuse him. He grinds his teeth hard together when the sinister voice in his head decides to whisper low in his ear, like a little devil sitting on his shoulder and provoking him to unleash his haughty side from its harness. She is chubby. She will always be hungry. Why does the King deserve to have a round belly? He is a worthless cully. His milder self points out and his muscles clench momentarily, his rebellious side rearing its ugly head. Pursing his lips, he pushes away from the window, \"Enjoy your dinner, George.\" He mutters and he slams his empty goblet onto the silver tray as he makes his way out of the room with rapid footsteps. \"Good Lord…\" Etherege collapses in chair and smirks at the walls that are surrounding him. oOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOo \"Well?\" He drawls as soon as Alcock is inside his chamber. Rochester pauses, quill poised above the parchment in front of him, dark hair obscuring his obsidian eyes. \"Well,\" the servant places a tray of food on the Earl's desk, \"I did as you bade me.\" Rochester pushes his hair back in an agitated manner. \"And?\" \"She did not accept the food, me Lord.\" \"What?\" Rochester is bewildered. Not something that happens often. \"Aye. I gave her the pot of food as you bade me. She looked at it, eyes eager, her round cheeks flushed the colour of blood and then she just…thrust the food back at me. The soup was spilled and it is now all over my livery. She is an idiot.\" Alcock scoffs. \"I told you not to mention-…\" \"Me Lord, the little wench doesn't even understand English. She just refused and went back to her digging with the shovel. Maybe she doesn't like lentils.\" He pours wine into a glass and then smirks, barely stifling a snort, \"You want to mount that ? Seriously?\" He doesn't even see the motion as the Earl grabs the full wine glass and empties it on him in one mighty throw. The servant sputters and releases an undignified yelp, \"Me Lord!\" \"Idiot.\" Rochester hisses, \"Watch your tongue or I'll cut it off and add it to the lentils!\" Alcock shakes the wine off of him by flailing his arms, \"Apologies.\" Rochester sneers, \"I have no use for them. Now, get out of my sight.\" He slams the glass on top of the tray, rattling it and the servant knows not to linger. Rolling his eyes, he walks out of the chamber without bothering to rekindle the dying fire. oOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOo \"You will never be able to finish this. The ground is too unsteady. You're putting all these people through hell for nothing.\" Etherege looks up at the moody, overcast sky with narrowed eyes, \"I am telling you. Let it go. Besides,\" he slips closer, speaking in the Earl's ear, \"can you even afford all this?\" Rochester doesn't speak. He only gazes at the work in process with critical eyes. \"There's nothing a man cannot do. We just need some dry weather.\" Etherege snorts only to receive a glare from his friend. \"Won't you leave?\" The Earl's mouth curls in a displeased manner as he turns to look at the other man, \"Do you perhaps wish to help?\" George makes a funny noise in the back of his throat and shakes his head. His smirk causes Rochester's skin to crawl for some reason. \"No, I simply wanted to watch that.\" He waves a hand towards Leentje's direction and the Earl pauses. He narrows his eyes, but says nothing. \"Have you noticed that she is the only woman working here?\" \"Your point?\" Rochester mutters as his eyes refuse to look towards the girl's direction. She has proven to be too much of a distraction. He doesn't need to start questioning his morals. They are perfectly nonexistent. \"My point is that despite her…appearance, she is strong.\" Rochester's mouth curls upwards on one side, \"Indeed.\" \"Just imagine what she can do-….\" \"Spit it out before it chokes you, Georgie.\" He rolls his eyes as his gaze finally, finally , settles on the girl. \"I want to make a bet with you.\" Rochester quirks a single eyebrow, \"Oh?\" \"I bet that you cannot have her under you in less than two months.\" \"And why would I want to have that under me?\" Rochester is smirking now, his eyes narrowed, but his tone too dark to be inviting. Etherege shrugs, \"It is just a bet, Johnny. Do you accept?\" \"Why should I even try when I can have something better with fewer efforts?\" \"The temptation of challenge. Besides, I can see how you look at her. It's the eyes, isn't it?\" Rochester turns to face him fully, ignoring the barks of dogs and the voices of the workers. \"What's in it for me?\" He doesn't comment on his friend's words, deciding to ignore them before they come to bite him in the arse. Etherege seems surprised, \"You are willing to agree?\" \"What's in it for me, George?\" He gently thuds his cane against the soil underneath his feet, the corner of his eye catching sight of Leentje as she ties something into the waistband of her muddied apron. \"Ten guineas if you succeed.\" Rochester curls his lip, \"You value me so little?\" \"No. I value her so little.\" The Earl's ears prickle with heat at those words and he is upset that they do. \"Fifteen or there is no deal.\" \"What if you lose? Do you have enough to pay me back?\" George is grinning condescendingly and Rochester grins, his teeth a perfect show of slyness. \"You have a deal, my friend.\" Etherege grabs the Earl's hand and shakes it before he takes a step back, \"Shall I see you in London soon then?\" His question remains unanswered when Rochester simply looks at him blankly, his lips a straight line of impatience. Raising his hands up in surrender, George snickers and turns to walk away. oOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOo The puppy has been around their feet all day. Leentje has seen it before and she sees it now. Every now and then she pauses to shoo it away from the large pit, but the animal keeps treading towards it from time to time, sniffing the ground and playing with the worker's boots as they work. Most of them are ignorant of the dog and their obliviousness goes as far as nearly trampling it when they step too harshly on the slippery ground to steady themselves. She is always on edge, nearly oblivious of everything else except of one. The fact that Heer Rochester has appeared and he is not alone. He has barely glanced her way and she is relieved. Relieved because he makes her uncomfortable, relieved because she still hasn't understood why he chose to give her the new cap. The first thought that immediately came to her mind at first was one; ridicule. Yes, he was probably trying to tease her, make fun of her, but then again…why offer her such a gift? Said gift is lying neatly folded under her straw pillow in her little cabin, untouched and unsoiled. She isn't planning on wearing it. She shakes her head and secures the knot of her old cap around the waistband of her dirty apron. She will always carry her mother's gift around no matter of its condition. That will probably seem amusing to anyone else, but not to her. Voices dance around her ears as she leans down to carry more water and she is glad that she can't understand the language. In a way it offers her protection. When she can't understand the words, they can't hurt her. Right? Other times, the foreign syllables are ominous though, weighing down on her and she prays that some day she will be able to understand them. Sighing, she starts kneeling next to Thomas, always next to Thomas, but she is distracted by the dog again. The little grey puppy is moving dangerously close to the edge of the pit that the workers are striving to create and in one swift, careless motion the dog slides and falls right into the muddy hole. Leentje gasps and leaps forward, causing Thomas to look at her sharply. \"What is it? I need you here-…Leentje!\" She doesn't look back as she slips forward onto her hands and knees to reach the distressed little creature that is whining pathetically from the pit. \" De hond!\" she exclaims breathlessly as she pushes a man out of her way. The man grunts and tries to shove her back. She gasps when she finds herself tipping forward and right into the poorly constructed dam. Pain erupts up and down her arm, but thankfully when she finally lands it is on her back. Water and mud splash her face and she can hear commotion. Thomas' voice is among the shouts, but she ignores them all long enough to spot the dog. The little pup is by her feet, fur soiled and ears folded back in regret. Sighing with relief, she slides towards the messy animal, hand outstretched. A cane comes and connects sharply with her wrist and she gasps at the unexpected pain. Looking up, she goes three shades of red at the sight of the Earl gazing down at her with poorly disguised disgust. \"Get up.\" He mutters the words and she can see that he is holding all the other men back and away from her. He is not allowing her to receive help. Her skin grows darker from embarrassment, but she understands what he wants her to do. She has heard those words before. He wants her to stand up. She will do so after taking the puppy with her. Moving forward, she reaches for the pup again, but Rochester's cane comes and connects painfully, more painfully than before, with her arm. Clutching her offended arm with wide eyes, she watches as he leans down and grabs the dog by its tiny scruff, pulling it from the pit. He releases the animal sharply and the dog lands on its tiny feet by the Earl's boots. The pup releases a bark, but Rochester proceeds to ignore it. He has his eyes on her instead. \"Don't ever interfere with the work again. Your presence here is over. Get out. You look ridiculous.\" He mutters and with one look at Thomas the younger man lurches forward to grab her arm in an attempt to pull her out. She cries out in pain, but listens as Thomas tries to repeat the Earl's words in her tongue. Nodding her head, she purses her lips as she steps onto the solid ground. Keeping her head low, she tries to brush dirt off her arms, but it is useless. The forming bruise on the underside of her arm is already throbbing and already marring a large portion of her pale skin. She does look ridiculous and suddenly she wants to disappear. She doesn't though. Taking a deep breath, she raises her head and dares to look at Rochester in the eye. He is sneering, but his eyes are curious and glimmering. \"I'm sorry.\" she whispers quietly, but her eyes are fierce. \"Please.\" Rochester rolls his eyes and reaches up to rub at his eyes only to stop short. His fingers are covered in dirt from the dog. He knows what the plea is for. Little does she know that he doesn't plan to dismiss her. No, that would make his little ongoing bet null and void. Keeping on his blank expression, he looks at her pitiful face. \"Cabin, Ms. Bakker.\" He mutters and she flushes, clearly understanding the words. Ducking her head, she brushes past him and Thomas, walking unsteadily away and towards her refuge. Rochester fights the urge to scowl when the little muddy bastard pup decides to follow her, shaking dirt off of him as he does so. The men snicker and snort at the spectacle she is making of herself, but Rochester doesn't find it in him to start smirking as well. His insides are slightly turned, rolling around his body like a burning inferno. Shaking his head, he convinces himself that he doesn't feel sorry for humiliating her. If he hadn't done so the stupid girl would most likely kill herself under his watch. That would also ruin his little wager. Instead, he looks at the men and narrows his eyes, \"Keep going. It's getting dark and I want this finished by seven.\" He thrusts his cane underneath his armpit and starts backing away when something catches his eye. A nearly dark, but very familiar piece of cloth is lying in the mud. This time his mouth does curve upwards and he allows it. Chuckling to himself, he leans down. He even has to kneel in order to reach the soiled beyond repair cloth and he snarls in distaste. He curls his fingers around it and pulls it from the mud. He straightens with a wince, resisting the urge to cradle his side in his hand as pain nearly causes him to stumble. \"Fuck.\" He curses quietly with a small husky groan. Biting his lip hard, he turns around and slowly makes his way back to the manor. He closes her mistreated cap inside his fist and allows his crooked smirk to reappear despite the pain gnawing at his insides. He has to lean more on his walking stick than he would like, but he feels elated. Let the little ungrateful wench suffer with the loss of her precious little cloth. Let her wait. Let her drown in misery with the fear of losing her position and her beloved cap. He wonders what's so special about this…abomination she calls a cap. It's ridiculous. He has half a mind to throw it away, but then he changes his mind. She'd probably kiss his feet if he were generous enough to return the ludicrous little thing back to her. The thought is alluring and he grins. Yes, the image of her on her knees is enough for him to shiver in anticipation. Quickening his pace he thrusts his hand with the cloth beneath his billowing cloak. Let her wait. He has a bet to win. End of chapter 3 Author's note: Thank you for reading. *Translation: De hond= the dog*[Chapter 4] Chapter 4: Chapter 4 Disclaimer: I do not own the Libertine. Chapter 4 The petty man is eager to make boasts, yet desires that others should believe in him. He enthusiastically engages in deception, yet wants others to have affection for him. He conducts himself like an animal, yet wants others to think well of him. ~ Xun Zi She hates the rain. She really hates it. It is always raining in this country. It is always raining like there is no tomorrow. Nothing but filth, mud and humidity. It seems as if her entire life is constructed out of liquid matter; water and sweat. It was wet when she was born, out in the open in mid January, it was raining when her family had to struggle to make a living, it was raining when she lost her mother and it is raining now. She abandons the soaked apron she has thrown on her thin makeshift bed and takes a look outside the wooden door. It is pouring down again. All activities have stopped on the other side of the estate and she can see Thomas and a few other men walking back to their shelters with long faces and empty pockets. If the work is not progressing they are not getting paid. That is the rule. Leentje nearly scoffs. Who is paying all the trouble, sweat and blood these men sacrifice? No one. Food, and sometimes not so warm, in this weather is their only payment. Looking away, she starts pacing the small cabin and she doesn't care that she is leaving wet mucky tracks behind. She is probably not going to live here any longer, is she? The thought brings a wave of panic. She had thought that she'd have employment till the end of summer. She had made plans to start asking around for future placements. There was nothing she couldn't do except one; she couldn't speak the tongue. Cursing in her native speech, she runs a hand through her long stringy hair. Fisting a few strands, she grimaces and leans heavily against the wall behind her. She drops her hands form her hair, refusing to let her eyes well with tears, and trails them to her waist. Realizing that she has already removed the filthy apron she freezes. She checks the dress's pocket, but nothing. It is not there either. Pushing away from the wood, she walks over to the narrow bed. Leaning down, she grasps the apron, checking under it and in between the creases created by overuse, but nothing. Eyes wide, she looks up. Her eyes roam the cabin while her hand slides beneath the thin pillow at the head of her bed. Nothing. It is missing. Standing up, she storms towards the door only to stop short, nearly stumbling in the process. She cannot go out in this rain. Not again. Looking at the sky and then at the open grounds ahead, she grits her teeth and remains standing there until Mary appears from behind the stables. Leentje tenses up at the way the woman's lips are pursed. Her expression seems troubled too. The rounded woman looks up when she notices Leentje's stare and waves, quickening her footsteps and huddling deeper under her thick hood. \" What are you doing outside? Get inside, for God's sake.\" A hand on her arm propels her backwards and she looks at Mary with wide eyed expectation. \" Well?\" Mary looks at her with a frown. \" Well what?\" Leentje hesitates. \" Surely you have some news. I can see it in your face.\" Mary sighs and closes the door. \" I do have something for you, but…What were you doing?\" Leentje swallows hard as Mary spots her small bundle of belongings. \"Getting ready to leave the grounds-…\" \" Are you out of your wits? Whoever gave that order?\" Mary looks genuinely confused. \" I thought…\" \" You are not to go anywhere until you have a direct order. Don't be silly, girl. Where will you go in this weather?\" Leentje feels drained and she is not shy to show it. \"What am I to do then? Wait until someone comes to drag me out of here?\" \" No one is dragging you out of here. Thomas told me what happened. Everyone is aware of his lordship's temper. But he did not dismiss you if my sources are correct. Now, what has you in such a state besides his scolding?\" Leentje closes her eyes in resignation. \"I lost it.\" Mary frowns. \"Lost what? Money?\" \" How would I have any money? I haven't been paid this week.\" Mary removes her cape after lowering her hood. \" Then what did you lose?\" Leentje bites her lip. \"Mother's cap.\" Mary sighs. \"Heavens, girl. I thought something deadly had happened.\" \" To me it is a loss, Mary.\" \" I told you not to carry it around.\" Mary raises a hand, \" No one could've stolen it. It's not valuable so…\" She looks up, \" We shall find it once the weather has cleared.\" She smiles and Leentje shakes her head. \" We won't. The grounds are flooded. It's gone.\" Clearing her throat and rubbing at her eyes, she inclines her head, \"So, what news do you have for me?\" Mary hesitates. \"Not news really…I just brought you something.\" She smiles and pushes her cloak apart. What she pulls out tears a gasp from Leentje. \" My God!\" \" It's not new, but I thought it'd be a better fit than the one you have on.\" Mary outstretches her hand with the dress, \"I also think the colour will match your skin.\" Leentje smiles widely and reaches for the pale blue cotton dress. \"Who does it belong to?\" Mary's smile drops from her face and she clears her throat. \"It belonged to one of the chamber maids…We lost her to a serious case of pneumonia a few days ago.\" Leentje's smile sobers up as she quickly looks at the dress. \" Oh. I am so sorry….Doesn't she have any relatives-…\" \" No one. Most of her belongings have been thrown away, but I managed to salvage this. She didn't wear it much so it's mostly in good condition. Don't worry, I have washed it and ironed it.\" \" Thank you.\" Mary smiles. \" Good. Now, while we wait for new directions, we need to clean you up before it gets too dark. Help me heat water over the fire.\" She is already walking away and Leentje can do nothing but follow her in compliance. oOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOo \"Go out. Call upon her and the other… laundry woman…\" Rochester is warming his hands near the lit candle on his desk. \"You want me to go out now? Me Lord, the ground is a swamp-…\" \"Did I ask for your opinion?\" His dark eyes fall sharply on his servant who is wearing a dreary expression. \"Me Lord, I thought you dismissed the little wench.\" The only swift response he gets is the sound of the Earl's feet as he props them up on the mahogany desk. The angry glare he gets is enough to make him gulp and nearly choke on his saliva. \"So, you did not dismiss her.\" \"Don't be an idiot!\" Alcock cocks an eyebrow at the passion in his master's voice. \"Oh? Is she that valuable?\" \"Guinea worthy.\" The manservant snickers. \"Another bet? The first one is not working in your favour so far, me Lord-…\" \"Silence, you imbecile!\" The Earl hisses as he stands up. The chair clatters to the ground by his abrupt move, \"I have given you way too much freedom and now you mock me! Can't you do one thing without that bloody commentary of yours? It sets my teeth on edge.\" He spits that last sentence directly in Alcock's face. The servant takes a step back and wipes his cheek from imaginary spittle before he smirks. \"Aye, me Lord. Will shut me trap now.\" Rochester sneers, \"I hope that you do.\" He whirls around and starts pacing. \"Oh, I have it back by the way.\" Alcock reaches into his pocket and produces the worn, but now clean cotton cloth. Rochester snatches it out of his hand, but doesn't put it away. He rubs it between his fingers as he turns to gaze at the burning fire. He brings his hand with the cloth up to his face and gazes at it. The fire is peering right at him through the torn cloth and he smirks a little. All that hassle…for this? Pathetic…but highly beneficial. \"Why do you keep it anyway?\" Alcock's voice sounds too shrill and Rochester grits his teeth. \"You're still talking, but your feet are still rooted to the ground. Didn't I say that you are to bring the Bakker girl here?\" Alcock scowls, \"Aye…\" he smirks, \"May I be privy to what you shall have her do?\" Rochester grins as he turns around to face the other man. Stepping over to him, he leans closer…and whacks him, his palm connecting loudly with the back of his head. \"Ouch! Me Lord!\" \"Do not test me. Get to it. Idiot.\" He mutters as he walks away, plopping back down to his chair and not looking at his servant again. Alcock curses under his breath and leaves to do his biding. oOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOo The laundry maid enters his study with the girl hot on her heels. Mary bows and looks at him from under thick eyelashes. \"You asked for us, my Lord?\" Her voice is quiet and Rochester looks at the pregnant woman with a cocked eyebrow. \"Dear God. Is it not out yet?\" His voice is shocked and haughty, reeking with disbelief. \"No, my Lord. Not much time left though…\" Mary straightens and tries a small smile. Rochester curls his lip, \"You're impossibly big.\" Mary's cheeks heat with colour, but she doesn't respond to that. The Earl stands up from his chair and looks at the two women with critical eyes. \"I've brought you here, Ms. Roberts because I am aware that Ms. Bakker does not understand our tongue. I would appreciate it if you explained everything I said to her.\" He waves his hand towards Leentje who is gazing at them clueless so far. \"Of course, my Lord.\" Rochester smiles a wolf's grin. \"Excellent.\" He comes to stand by the hearth again. \"You are aware, I suppose, that I dismissed Ms. Bakker form her work in the dams. I want you to inform her that I am not dismissing her. Ask her to wipe that pathetic expression from her flushed face at once.\" He curls his lip and Mary rushes to repeat his words in Leentje's tongue. The girl visible relaxes and her folded hands lose their white-knuckled desperation. \"Thank you.\" She breathes quietly and her eyes are shining with unadulterated and highly undeserved gratitude. He turns away from the sight because it nauseates him for reasons of his own. He scowls at the fire and suddenly her tattered cap weighs a ton in his pocket. Damn you, girl. \"I have made arrangements for her to be placed in the stables, to care for the horses and more specifically, my horse.\" He looks back at them from over his shoulder, but he focuses his gaze on Mary's surprised face. It is easier like this. \"How gracious, my Lord.\" Mary murmurs although her brow is creased in suspicion. Clever woman. Never losing the suspicious tinge, she repeats everything to the girl, who freezes in shock at the unexpected turn of events. You thought I'd dismiss you, pet? You're way too much entertaining for that. He decides to push that nasty bet to the back of his mind. That will only be a bonus anyway. He has no interest in George's little amusement over bets. The gratification of his accomplishment would come much sooner than the money. When the girl would stop hating him; when she'd look at him with wide open acceptance. He nearly chuckles at the imagery, but stops himself short. Mary is too sharp to be fooled. \"She shall keep her current living arrangements and she will eat breakfast and supper with the rest of the household.\" He continues as he turns to face them fully. Good. Don't be a coward. Shut up. Mary's eyes go wide. \"You mean…in the kitchen of the estate? Inside…the house?\" Rochester narrows his eyes. \"You are included in that, Ms. Roberts. Along with the rest of the staff. Why are you so surprised?\" Mary flushes. \"I apologize, my Lord. It is not my place.\" \"Good. Then pass my desires over to Ms. Bakker. Also,\" He walks towards them, but he has his eyes on Mary, \"I want you to finally teach her our tongue. I'd appreciate it if I didn't have to rely on your… kindness for all my dealings with her. Can you do that?\" He cocks a single eyebrow in challenge and Mary blinks rapidly in surprise. \"Um…I could try. Yes.\" He nods his head and smiles coldly. \"Is there any chance that it can happen…swiftly?\" He hides the command behind a thin cover of suggestion and Mary swallows hard, even more suspicious of his eagerness. \"I can…try, my Lord.\" \"Good.\" He inclines his head towards the door, \"You are excused.\" Mary lingers longer than necessary and covers her mistake, by bowing low. Reaching out, she tries to grasp Leentje's hand to tug her along, but Rochester's voice causes her to look up in alarm. \"I'd like a few moments with, Ms. Bakker.\" He murmurs vaguely, his eyes barely on them. Mary looks at Leentje and tells her that she is supposed to linger for a moment before she releases her hand. Taking a step back, she curtsies and leaves the study. The door closes with her leave and Rochester is finally free to train his eyes on the girl. The first thing he notes is that she has changed out of that dreadful stifling dress. She is now in a pale blue one that shows off her pale skin. There is no grime or dirt on her face and skin and her hair is a little bit wet. The bodice seems to actually fit her this time and he has to blink twice in order to speak. \"You may be at ease. I am not here to sign your death warrant… Magdalena .\" He murmurs her name as he comes to stand by the window. At the sound of her first name, she visibly jolts and her eyes go wide. Her mouth parts in a small o shape and her skin flushes. He is immediately intrigued by her reaction. Has no one ever called her by her actual, beautiful first name before? He wants to snort out loud, but he stops when she ducks her head and wrings her hands. He tilts his head to the side and regards her in silence for a few moments. \"That is your name, Ms. Bakker, is it not? Magdalena Bakker.\" He questions, knowing that she cannot fully understand him. She nods though, a tiny meek smile on her face. From the tiny gap of her lips he can see her white teeth, teeth that proceed to catch her lower lip in their clutch when she realizes that he is staring at her. Smirking, he purses his lips, resisting the urge to laugh out loud at her antics and instead pushes his hand deep into the pocket of his intricate waistcoat. His fingers brush over the cloth, but he is stunned into stillness when she boldly moves towards him. Her hand is deep in the folds of her dress and then she is pulling out the white lacy cap he gave her. His eyes gaze at it briefly and he looks at her face as she starts babbling in Dutch. \"Heb je mijn oude, mijn heer gezien?\" Her voice is merely a whisper as she comes to stand a few feet away from him and he cocks a single eyebrow. \"I beg your pardon?\" He smiles just to indulge her and she huffs in distress, her doe eyes roving his private study for something, anything that will help her express herself. \"Um…\" She closes her eyes and mutters something in her language and he has to bite his tongue in order not to snort with amusement. He already has a suspicion of what she wants to say, but he doesn't speak. He allows her to battle with what little English she knows. It will only do her good. Let her struggle a bit… The girl bites her lips again and tries once more. \"De oude,sir.\" Rochester frowns a bit and shakes his head, internally wondering why on earth he is sitting here, listening to the unintelligible sounds that come out of her plump mouth. \"I fear I do not understand, my girl.\" He tries to make his expression as innocent as possible when he knows perfectly well what she means. Yes. Deep in the recesses of his mind he recalls a few phrases from his adventures in the war. If he really put effort into it he'd probably be able to understand, but he has no plans to make this easier for her. He has all the time in the world today. No one to bother him. No wife, no children and no mother. He nearly sneers at the mere thought of his darling mother, but he decides to focus on the girl again; Magdalena. Yes, her name is endearing. The other, shorter version causes his skin to crawl. Leentje. What an abomination of a name. \"Old.\" His attention is diverted from his inner musings and his eyes lock with the girl's. He wants to smirk at her stubbornness to express herself. Good girl. \"Pardon?\" Shaking the new, unsoiled cap, she repeats herself and his eyes widen in a mockery of sudden realization. \"Oh. That.\" He curls his lip a little and finally allows his fingers to close around her precious, but nearly ruined property. Making a show of pulling it out of his elaborate waistcoat, he watches with secret glee as her eyes widen. A small little gasp accompanies the gentle swoosh of the fabric as it is finally removed from his pocket. He keeps it close, dangling it in front of her face with perfectly practiced innocence. \"Is this what you mean?\" he murmurs with a skilful frown, \"Oh, of course. It is yours. Um… het jouwe .\" He is not sure if he spoke the proper word or in the proper word order, but he doesn't care all that much because her eyes sparkle with emotion as soon as the words slip past his lips. Gasping, she reaches out, ready to pluck the cloth from his ink stained fingers, but he pulls it out of her reach with a husky little chuckle that has her flushing. In anger or embarrassment, he is not sure. He thinks it is both. \"No, not like that. What do you say?\" Yes, he is playing with her and he doesn't feel remorse. He rather enjoys it. Her brow creases in confusion, but he knows that she has understood him. She bites her lip for the third time and blinks. \"Dank u. Thank you.\" She murmurs and his face loses all amusement suddenly. That was quick. Her quick response has nothing to do with lack of pride, he thinks. It has to do with the item he has between his fingers. He wonders why; why on earth it has such a hold over her. \"Thank you.\" She repeats and gently reaches out again. This time he allows her to slide the cloth from his fingers and before he can blink, she has his hand clasped in hers. He tenses up and when she offers him a shy smile and leans down to kiss the back of his hand in gratefulness, he inhales sharply. Her lips barely touch his skin before he snatches his hand back with force. The girl is startled and takes a step back, her eyes wide and remorseful for a crime she hasn't really committed. Sneering, he snorts and shakes his head at her. \"You're excused.\" He waves his hand towards the door and she seems all too happy to comply and understand this time. When she is gone and since he knows that his little scheme actually worked in his favour, he wonders why his hand feels as if it is branded by a hot rod. End of chapter 4 Author's note: Thank you for reading. Another thing, for the Dutch sentences, I am relying on a translator, so if anything is wrong, blame Google. lol *Translations: Heb je mijnoude, mijn heergezien?= Have you seen my old one, my lord? De oude,sir= the old one, sir. Het jouwe= Yours * ","Summary":" Chapter 1: Chapter 1 A/N: I realized that I had deleted this story from the site. I have no idea wh"},{"Movie":"Dark Harbor","Title":"Maybe I Was Wrong","Author":"Heart of a Dixon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8023087","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ALEXIS'S POV: I glanced worriedly over the top of my magazine and out into the rain, hoping my daughter would be alright. Kimba was a very capable young woman, but my 17-year old adopted daughter was meeting us at our vacation house on the island, relying on one of her \"buddies\" to drive her from her private high school all the way to the ferry. I puffed on my cigarette, gazing over at my husband, David. \"Do you think she's gonna make it?\" His expression stayed passive. \"I certainly hope so.\" \"Do you think we'll make it?\" I asked with a glance at the clock on the dash. \"I certainly hope so,\" he repeated in the exact same tone. The speedometer needle lifted itself around an arch as David pressed the gas further down. \"Well, dot get carried away,\" I said softly. \"I'm not getting carried away, I'm just trying to make sure that we don't-\" \"Make sure that we get there first,\" I interrupted when his voice teetered toward defensiveness. \"I don't think doing 65 on route 1 makes us Bonnie and Clyde,\" he retorted sarcastically. I turned back to my magazine. \"Just keep your eyes peeled, okay?\" David requested. I continued thumbing through my magazine. It was ripped out of my hands and tossed into the backseat within a mere minute. \"Darling, I mean it, I need your help here. This is like hydroplaning through the god damned bayou.\" I glared at him. \"Don't blame me because you were two hours late, David, it doesn't become you.\" I forcefully put my cigarette out in the ashtray hanging off the edge of the dash. I sighed and looked out of the window, holding my forehead in annoyance. For absolutely no reason whatsoever, David starting pressing down on the horn in the middle of the steering wheel. \"What is wrong with you?\" \"Honey, just watch the road,\" he said shortly. The rain pattering down outside added to my irritability. Even the inside of the car was cold. I scoffed and turned to look out of the windshield. Something dark on the side of the road caught my eye. \"Slow down.\" \"What is it?\" he asked, not slowing down in the slightest. It was a person. The person was running toward the road, but when it got to the edge, it just fell over, crumpled in on itself as it dropped to the ground. \"Stop.\" \"What do you mean stop? We're gonna miss the boat.\" \"No, really I think I saw something!\" \"Saw something? What do you mean?\" \"David! Stop!\" David pulled the car over to the side of the road and we both got out of the car, into the ice cold rain. I jogged ahead of David to the side of the road. A young man with dark hair was laying on the ground, seeming to have passed out. \"Is he alive?\" David asked nervously. I crouched down next to the boy. I reached out, about to touch his head. \"Stop,\" David said before my hand could reach him. \"What?\" I asked, turning around. \"Don't touch him,\" he snarled derisively. \"I think we should just call the police and not get involved.\" \"Involved? He needs help!\" I turned back to the boy. \"I know! That's why we're calling the police!\" \"But shouldn't we just-\" \"No. Trust me.\" David started to walk back to the car. The young boy lifted his head, surprisingly vocal considering he had just woken up. \"No,\" he said softly. \"No cops.\" David turned around, staring down at the boy incredulously. Without his face in the ground, I could see him better now. He had bright blue eyes that stared out from the gloom of the rain, but his left eye was blackened by a large bruise. His dark hair was long enough to barely reach the middle of his face, most of it sticking to his forehead from the rain. \"Do you know where you are?\" I asked quietly. He blinked at me a couple times, making a pained faced before looking at the land around him. \"Sorta.\" \"Can you walk?\" David cut in. \"I'm calling the police.\" \"I said no cops!\" the boy said, trying to speak louder so his young voice reached my husband's ears over the noise of the rain. \"Listen,\" David started. \"We have boat to catch.\" \"David!\" I said, not looking up from the boy. \"Alexis, will you let me handle this? We cant help you if you don't let me call the police.\" A short pause. \"Then don't help.\" The courage that flashed through the young man's eyes was heartbreaking, inspiring that someone so young could face whatever he was going through (and it looked like one hell of something) alone. After small discussion, I convinced David to let him ride as far as the ferry with us. Let me know if I should keep going! :) Thanks for reading![Chapter 2] ALEXIS'S POV: There was small, tense conversation in the car on the way to the ferry, but it was awkward and wet. When we got to the ferry, the boat was pulling away. \"Sorry,\" the boy said by the hood of the car, staring uncomfortably at his hands. I looked back at him. \"Its not your fault,\" I assured him. David turned around. \"So long, then.\" Ugh! He could be such a rude man sometimes. I'm sure Kimba wouldn't have refrained from telling him outright that he was making an ass out of himself. The boy nodded and threw his backpack over his shoulder. \"Thanks for the lift.\" \"Are you sure you'll be okay?\" I asked, concerned for the boy. He nodded. \"Yeah, I'll survive.\" \"Okay then,\" David said. \"Bye now.\" \"Wait,\" I said digging through my purse for something. I pulled my wallet out. David scowled. \"He said he'll survive.\" I ignored David and walked toward the boy, pulling some cash out. I started to hand it to him. He shook his head and waved his hand. \"No, really-\" \"Please. Take it.\" He hesitated a moment before reluctantly conceding to my wishes. \"Be careful.\" He nodded and shook my hand. \"Thanks.\" He walked away. \"See ya around.\" I couldn't help but think that there was something quite odd about that boy. But odd in a good way. \"I suggest you scrub that hand with ammonia as soon as possible,\" David said, glaring at me. \"Why? You wanna hold it?\" Fat chance. David hadn't held my hand since we were much younger. \"Kimba would've liked him,\" I grumbled when I didn't get a reply, turning back to David. Oo0oO We rented a room in a shabby little motel for the night until the ferry came back the next morning. David didn't really appreciate the adorable antique grandma's cabin atmosphere as much as I did. David was an ass as usual about the room. But while I was arguing with him over the livability of the motel room, I was worrying about Kimba. KIMBA'S POV: I was having a nice dream about swimming on the beach at my mother's vacation house when I was awakened by the honking of car horns. I jolted upright in the passenger's seat. \"Ugh!\" I groaned when I saw the long line of traffic in front of us. \"Sorry, kiddo,\" Bobbi, my best friend, said beside me. \"Its gonna take a while before we get through this mess.\" \"Yeah, a while meaning weeks,\" said Derek, our other best friend (also my boyfriend) in the open back of Bobbi's big van. The blue paint on the outside was chipping away slowly, and I doubted that all this rain was helping any. Bobbi was a girl my age with long blond hair and a friendly face. Derek was a punk rock kid with ripped up jeans, and spiked black hair. He dressed according to his own style, not the school's uniforms. The ones Bobbi and I were wearing. Tan short-sleeve button up with a white tank underneath and an orange pleated skirt. I made a pathetic noise, glaring out of the foggy window at the cars around us. \"I bet my parents are already there, fine and dandy, sipping tea and munching dainties ,\" I said, mimicking my mother's accent. Though both of my parents had a slight English accent, I had none. I was adopted at the age of 3. I was already talking by 3, so I hadn't learned to pronounce my words with the slurs they used. Derek chuckled and shook his head. Seeing that the traffic was going no where, I unbuckled and walked into the open back of the van with Derek. He grabbed my hand and squeezed it. \"We'll get there,\" he assured me, flashing a smile that made his green eyes crinkle. I sat down and Derek sat with me, tossing an arm around my shoulders and drawing me into his side. I shut my eyes for a moment, envisioning what it would be like when I finally saw my parents again for the first time since Christmas break. Back then, I had been just the same as I always had been around my peers, awkward and shy. I had been my own wild self around my parents. But after finding friendship in two fellow outcasts (Bobbi and Derek), I lightened up and was probably now even more wild around my parents. I was a bit more problematic for the teachers, but not bad enough for them to have to report me to my parents. I wondered what they would think of how long my hair had grown to be, or how much different my new brand of makeup made my eyes look, or would they mind much (if they noticed at all) that I had pierced the cartilage in my left ear? Before long, I had fallen asleep. But when I woke up, we had picked up a hitchhiker. And, not that I would ever openly admit this with Derek so close, an attractive hitchhiker. Is it our hothothothothot hitchhiker from earlier? ,':O We'll just have to see. Thanks for reading! Review! :)[Chapter 3] KIMBA'S POV: When Derek woke me up, I rubbed at my eyes and looked out the windshield where there was no longer any traffic. I could see the back of the ferry against the nearly-set sun. There was no one on board. But there was someone walking up to the boat. His dark back was retreating hastily. What was he doing? Didn't he know the ferry was out of commission at night? Bobbi saw where I was looking. \"We picked him up back there on the road. He's kinda strange. But very cute.\" I tried to roll my eyes for Derek's sake, but, given the confident and somewhat mysterious set of his shoulders, I had no doubt in my mind that he was, indeed, very cute. \"Wait a second. We missed the ferry?\" I began to panic. Bobbi placed a calming hand on my shoulder. \"Calm down, Kimi, we'll just stay with you in a hotel or something and then when we wake up, we'll all come down to the ferry, me and Derek will see you off and everything will be all gravy.\" I tried to take comfort from her rational train of thought, but I had had my heart set on seeing with my parents today. \"Yeah,\" I sighed, deflated. \"alright.\" We found and checked into a little beach-side motel with an antique feel to it. I thought it was adorable. I laid back on the bed as Bobbi assigned Derek to sleeping on the floor. \"Why do I have to?\" he whined. I tried not to giggle. He could be so childish sometimes. I wasn't sure if I liked it or not, but it was definitely a goofy thing for someone who looked so macho (or at least tried to be) to act so… immaturely indignant. Given my nap in the van on our way here, I wasn't too tired. I kept Bobbi and Derek up with me all night, ignoring their yawns of protest. I questioned them on the stranger we had picked up on the road, intrigued by his vague mystery, I told them in detail all about my mother's vacation home. The polished wood floors, all of the dusty old knickknacks, the coolness of the water after my mother and I had picked basket loads of mushrooms. Around one in the morning, I finally fell asleep. Oo0oO \"I cant believe we missed it again,\" I said emotionlessly. \"We woke up early and everything. How did this happen?\" Bobbi and Derek shrugged, both with large, tired circles beneath their eyes. \"You guys go on home. I'll just wait for it to get back.\" They looked like they were about to protest, but I quickly held a hand up to stop them. \"I'm just going to sit right here and wait, and when the ferry gets back, I'll take it across and meet my parents at the house.\" They frowned, but begrudgingly obliged. Bobbi gave me a quick hug and hopped back into the van. \"I guess I'll see you next school year,\" Derek said, staring out across the water. \"I guess so,\" I said with a scowl. The fact that I wouldn't get to see my boyfriend for the duration of summer kind of bummed me out, though I was looking forward to staying with my parents for a while. He pulled me into a close embrace and kissed me quickly. \"So I've been thinking…\" I narrowed my eyes at his tone, nearly as stiff as his kisses. \"About?\" He suddenly couldn't look in my eyes. \"Derek? What have you been thinking about?\" He turned away from me. \"I think we need to break up.\" My ears started ringing. He what? For a moment I was too stunned to speak, but when I regained my voice, the first thing that popped out was, \"You kiss me one second and the next you break up with me?\" He sighed. \"Look Kimba, its not you-\" \"Its you?\" I asked. He looked uncomfortable. \"Well, not exactly.\" \"What is it then?\" He glanced instinctively back at the van where Bobbi was studiously paying way too much attention to the peeling pictures on her steering wheel cover. My body felt weak. I wanted to collapse right there and sob my eyes out, but I wouldn't give them the satisfaction of that. \"I think you should leave, Derek,\" I said without looking at him. \"Will you just let me explain-\" \"Explain how you're leaving me for my best friend, or how that best friend turned out to be a boyfriend-stealing bitch? Because I would like to know both. Please enlighten me to how exactly this happened.\" He jerked back as if he'd been slapped. \"Just leave, Derek.\" Before I start crying, please. His jaw tightened and he nodded, turning away from me and getting back into the van with Bobbi, the traitor. I sat heavily onto the wooden dock, trying not to pay attention to the sound of the tires on the van pulling away as the only tear I allowed to be shed for that asshat slid down my cheek. Oo0oO Okay, so I lied to Bobbi and Derek about staying on the dock till the ferry came back (what did it matter anyway? They lied to me too), but I was getting all antsy from just sitting there feeling sorry for myself. So I got up and walked around a bit, up the shoreline. A few yards off, I could barely make out a fisherman and his boat. I gripped my bags tighter and ran for it. The ferry was being ridiculously slow, so why didn't I just go and take a ride from something closer to hand? \"Hey!\" I called, trying to wave with the hand that wasn't pulling my suitcase. The duffle bag around my shoulder bumped around as I waved at the man. He was wearing a bright yellow rain coat and hat. \"What can I do for you, miss?\" the old man asked, taking his hat off and exposing his butter-yellow teeth. I resisted the urge to retch at the smell of fish coming from behind him on the boat. \"Well, I'm supposed to be meeting my parents at our vacation house out there,\" I gestured out across the water. \"but my ferry already left and I really don't have the time to sit around and wait for it.\" Or at least I didn't have the patience. \"Yeah, sure, I can get you there. Just hop on in and I'll take you over.\" I laughed once. \"Thank you, thank you so much.\" He nodded and helped me over the boats edge and into the smelly, slimy-decked boat. He held up a finger before he got in and said, \"I just have to get these fish in there,\" he pointed behind him to an old, falling apart Italian restaurant. I nodded and watched as he picked up a large net full of fish flopping around. I sat restlessly, trying to distract myself from the loss of Derek, and even more from the fact that I really didn't mind as much as I probably should have. The man was back almost 15 minutes later and still I couldn't see the ferry anywhere. He started up the boat and I gave him his directions. He, being a fisherman, stopped a few times along the way to cast his net into the water. I could hardly protest as this was his boat and his occupation, but after the third time, I was getting a little frustrated. \"Is that the ferry?\" I asked myself as a large boat came out of the fog. I groaned into my hands when it rode straight past us, back in the direction of the dock. I wanted to ask the fisherman to speed things along, but I was lucky he had been nice enough to give me a ride. The ferry passed by us (at varying distances) at least three more times, I had vomited over the side of the boat a total of 6 times, and night had fallen by the time we finally made it to the shore of the large island the vacation house sat on. I thanked the man and insisted he take at least five dollars for the trouble (but mostly so he could afford to lessen up at least a tiny bit on the outrageous amounts of fishing). He pushed off of land and, with a last decaying smile, disappeared. I shook off the feeling of disgust that overtook me when I thought about the smell of fish. I twisted my head and sniffed my shoulder. I tried not to gag. \"I need a shower,\" I grumbled, walking slowly up the hill, trying to rediscover my land legs. When I made it up to the house, I could immediately tell my parents weren't home. The boat was gone and all the lights were out. I reached into my pocket and pulled out my copy of the key. I was a little disappointed that I still wouldn't be able to see my parents, but I was glad I would have the chance to take a shower before anyone caught the scent of sea salt and guts on me. I closed and locked the door behind me before flicking on the light switch and sighing happily. Screw Derek and Bobbi. I had this amazing place. I chuckled and moved around slowly, recalling memories of each little thing in the house. It didn't matter if David and Alexis weren't biologically related to me, they were my parents. David had been the one to push me on the swing and check my closet for booger monsters. Alexis had nursed me back to health when I caught the flu and had helped me repaint my room when I was 8. Both of them had encouraged me in school and treated me as if I truly was their child. After my shower, I wrapped my hair in a towel and changed into a pair of navy-colored sweat pants and a tank top. As I was towel-drying my hair, I heard the front door downstairs click closed. Then the jingling of keys, the shuffling of feet, the muffled sound of quiet chatter. \"Kimba,\" the familiar voice of David called upstairs. \"darling, are you here?\" I squealed and dropped my towel, running out of my room and down the stairs. \"Daddy!\" I laughed, hugging him as he grinned. \"How are you, sweetheart?\" He pressed a fatherly kiss to my forehead and released me. I turned to give my mother a hug in reunion, but there was someone else there, too. A young man not much older than I was. He had dark hair and a fading black eye. Blue eyes gazed curiously into my own. I saw a hint of recognition in them. But I had never seen this man. Or at least I didn't think I had. \"Kimba,\" my mother sighed, relieved. \"We were so worried about you.\" She worried over me, her maternal side kicking into overdrive. After she was done quizzing me on my well-being, she seemed to remember the other man standing in our living room. \"This is, umm, someone we picked up along the road. And then, we found him again earlier this afternoon.\" I nodded and shook his hand. \"Kimba.\" His hand was warm, despite his wet appearance. \"Nice to meet you.\" Even his voice was appealing. Nobody, including me, seemed to realize that he never gave us his name. We got him comfortable in front of the fire and gave him a robe as we let his clothes dry. We sat around with him, talking a lot about nothing until we realized that the man had fallen asleep on the couch. My dad frowned. He and my mom got into an argument about them not having said he could sleep over, but we needed to help him, et. Cetera. But I was too caught up in examining his face. Unlined in sleep, relaxed and unworried. From what my parents told me, he must've been involved in something pretty bad. Normally I would feel nervous having someone who didn't want the cops near them in our house, but there was something intriguing (in an oddly familiar way) about him. My parents went upstairs to bed and told me goodnight. \"Honey, aren't you going to bed?\" my mom asked. I shook my head. \"I've slept a lot in the past couple days. I think I'm just going to get something to eat first.\" She nodded and turned back up the stairs. I sent one last fleeting look at the guy on the couch before standing and venturing into the kitchen. I found a cup of jello and quickly gobbled it down. When I came back into the living room, turning the light in the kitchen off as I left, I saw that the man was beginning to wake up. He stirred briefly and then his eyes popped open. \"Did I pass out here?\" he asked quietly. I nodded. When he started apologizing and began to stand up, I waved a hand in dismissal. \"Its fine. My dad was a little grumpy, but my mom convinced him to let you stay. And don't take that personally, he's like that with everyone.\" I moved closer, unsure why my foot were moving without my consent. \"And where do you stand?\" he asked, cocking his head at me curiously. \"On me sleeping over, I mean.\" I shrugged. \"I haven't got a problem with it. You need a place to sleep and we have a couch.\" He smiled. \"Aren't you worried? Having a guy in the house with you here?\" That was when I started to get nervous. \"W-What do you mean?\" He shrugged nonchalantly. \"Aren't you scared I'm a rapist or a serial killer or something?\" I took a moment to think about it, searching his face for any hint of menace. Then I shook my head. \"It would certainly explain why you didn't want to get involved with the police, but I don't think you're that kind of person.\" He cocked a brow at me. \"How can you be sure?\" \"Well, I cant. But… I have a feeling you're better than that.\" It looked like what I said caught him off guard or struck a nerve. His eyes widened a fraction and his head moved back. \"Trusting, aren't you?\" He turned his head away, looking down at the armrest, but I could hear the uncertainty and guilt in his voice. \"I like to think of it as optimistic.\" After a pause, I hesitantly asked, \"You haven't killed anyone have you?\" He gave a tiny smile that didn't reach his eyes. \"No. I can honestly say I haven't.\" I thought the unsaid, but still present, \"yet\" was just my overactive, and apparently paranoid, mind. \"Well, there you go. I guess I've got nothing to worry about.\" He looked up then, slightly amused. \"I never said I wasn't a rapist.\" I squinted my eyes at him and puckered my lips in thought. \"No,\" I decided, \"You're not a rapist, either. Too… I dunno, nice-looking.\" He grinned. \"You think I'm nice-looking?\" \"Well, I don't mean in that way,\" even though I most certainly did. \"I just mean, you look like a nice guy.\" \"Well, thanks, then. I guess,\" he chuckled. I found myself laughing right along with him, unable to help myself from being affected by his voice. His laughter was interrupted by a yawn. \"Oh, gosh, I'm sorry,\" I said, hastily backing away. \"I'll let you get to sleep, then.\" He started to argue, but I cut him off. \"Come on, you look like you're about to pass out whether or not I get out of your hair. You're exhausted. Get some sleep.\" I turned and started to walk up the stairs, but turned around. \"I hope I see you tomorrow before you leave. Then I'll know for sure you aren't a serial killer.\" He smirked and leaned back against the couch. \"I thought you knew I wasn't.\" I shrugged. \"Reassurance.\" I left him and went up to my bedroom, happy that I had figured out where I had seen him before. He was the retreating back Bobbi had given a lift to the ferry. Why he would need to go back there after leaving my parents there I didn't know. But I would keep that to myself. For now. Oh goodness, I think this one might be my favorite fanfiction to write. Maybe. Its right up there with my Game Over series. So anyway, Thanks for reading, as always, and please review! :D ","Summary":" ALEXIS'S POV: I glanced worriedly over the top of my magazine and out into the rain, hoping my daug"},{"Movie":"Libertine","Title":"Of Profit & Pleasure","Author":"TinkerbellxO","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8892503","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Of Profit & Pleasure Summary: John Wilmot, poet, playwright and 2nd Earl of Rochester returns to London after recovering in the country from smallpox to find his dear Elizabeth Barry out of favor with theater-goers. A new actress has taken her place that is rumored to be the best performer the London stage has ever seen. But John soon discovers her act extends far beyond the theater doors and decides to see how far she'll go to keep her secret. Disclaimer: I do not own The Libertine. A/N: I am back with another story. Thanks to LinaLove for her inspiration and for listening to a frustrated writer talk on and on. Also, check out the banners for this story - she made them! I am forever in her dept. Hope you enjoy! Chapter One The Earl Returns/A Piece of History is Found 1684 As he stepped out of the carriage his boots met mud and horse dung, not the wood plank of the side walk, nor the stone walkway that led up to his city estate. His lip curled in disgust. How he hated to break in new footmen. He stepped up onto the path and looked over at the boy who appeared to be sweating. Whether it was from the unseasonably warm temperatures that burdened this early May morning or from fear of what his new master would do, the Earl did not care. He reached over and ripped the cravat right from the boy's neck, then leaned down and cleaned the filth from his shoes. He usually would never dream of doing such a thing himself, but he was realizing more and more that if you wanted something done right, you had to do it yourself. Once he was slightly satisfied with them, he stood back up and shoved the dirtied cravat down the waist coat of the footman who stood their looking as if he was about to cry. \"Next time I depart this carriage I will set foot on stone or wood or it will be your face that I wipe the shit from my boots upon,\" he said darkly. It was only when the Earl of Rochester was inside the manor that the footman let out the breath he had been holding. 2005 Olivia fingered the delicate gold chain between her ring finger and her thumb, amazed that after more than 300 years it still retained its shine. The grand pendant that hung from it held a deep blue sapphire that was the size of the center of a large daisy. However the pendant itself was about the size of an American quarter. Intricate flowers were carved into the gold around the sapphire and three pearls hung from the bottom. The back was covered in a complicated swirling design and written around the circumference was a small line of text that had almost disappeared over the years. She tried to make out what it said with her magnifying glass but found it was not strong enough. She made a mental note to ask her supervisor for a better one. She looked once again at the sack the pendant had been stored in and the description card that had been attached and read for at least the tenth time the origins of the beautiful piece. The necklace had belonged to Lady Charlotte Fitzroy, b. 1664, the illegitimate daughter of King Charles II by one of his most notorious mistresses, Barbara Villiers, 1st Duchess of Cleveland. The necklace had not been a family or royal heirloom so where it had come from, no one knew. In its more recent history it had been a gift from an anonymous donor to the Chiswick House Museum in the 1950s when the house was given to the Ministry of Works. But the 18th century building had fallen into disrepair and needed to be restored so the pendant had been put into storage and long forgotten. After all, Chiswick House was not the type of museum to display jewelry or other items of daily life, but it did have an impressive art collection. Olivia had been hired as part of the most recent restoration effort on the House. She'd just completed her studies at Oxford in History of Art that May and had been working for two months at Chiswick House but was already finding her chosen path rather boring. One can only be interested in dusting off busts and telling off construction workers for walking on the priceless carpets for so long. And until the box containing the sapphire pendant had been dropped on her work station earlier that day, she was seriously considering quitting and going back to her first love, acting. But now she was intrigued. Just from her studies she knew that pieces as grand as the one she was holding came with detailed histories. Most art historians could pick up a pair of earrings in a museum collection and tell you the ten most famous people that wore them and where they wore them and who they received them from. But for the sapphire pendant, only the single owner was known. Olivia had the strong urge to try the necklace on, just for a moment. But she noticed the chain was broken and there was no clasp. She held it up again in her gloved hand and looking around the room, realized she had been left alone. The rest of her colleagues had gone home for the day. Quickly she slipped the glove off and gently set the pendant in the palm of her hand. A strange sensation overcame her; a feeling that was deep and dark and very intense. Her knees started to feel weak and her breathing became shallow. A familiar warmth curled in the pit of her stomach. If she didn't know any better she'd think she was aroused by the pendant. She heard footsteps echoing down the hallway, coming towards her. She quickly placed the pendant back in its sack and replaced her glove. As she went to place the description card back into the sack, she noticed writing on the back. Diary missing – dated 14, July 1954 That was all that was written. So the pendant came with a diary that had been missing for decades? Olivia was beginning to feel like her summer internship might not be so bad after all. 1684 \"Alcock!\" The Earl finally heard the hurried steps of his butler coming towards his study. \"Yes, my Lord?\" \"Finally,\" the Earl sighed, \"be useful. Find out whatever play Ms. Barry is in currently and make sure that my regular box in that theater is available for tonight.\" The Earl then waved his hand to dismiss his butler but the man did not move. At this John Wilmot cocked his brow. \"Is there a problem, Alcock?\" \"Well, my Lord, it's just that - \" \"Out with it, Alcock.\" \"My Lord, Ms. Barry has somewhat, fallen out of favor with audiences. She has not performed on the London stage for a season or two.\" The Earl turned towards the window to hide his surprise. He had made Barry who she was and now London no longer loved his little project. How dissatisfying. \"My Lord there is one actress who has become quite popular with the public recently. I've seen her in a few plays myself. She's known equally for her talent and her extraordinary beauty.\" The Earl rolled his eyes. He found the words \"talent\" and \"beauty\" were often bandied about too frequently for his taste. Most of what London found beautiful or talented he found to be boring and trite. \"And I've heard she is quite the hunter when it comes to the opposite sex,\" Alcock continued, \"Well just this week I heard a rumour that she was caught down on her knees with the director of her most recent engagement, and the next morning she was seen leaving the estate of the play's patron.\" The Earl turned to face his butler with a sly smirk upon his face. \"Well draw me a bath, set out my best clothes and then go to the theater and make sure my box is ready.\" \"Yes my Lord,\" Alcock made a shallow bow and turned before he was called back by his master. \"What does this actress call herself?\" \"Katherine Parker, My Lord.\" He let the name roll around on his tongue before he sat down and began to write. A/N: Thank you for reading. Please take a moment to review. Just a note on the historical aspect that will be heavily involved in this story: This story will adopt an alternate universe look at the life of John Wilmot so unlike history, in our tale he does not die in 1680. Lady Charlotte Fitzroy was actually the illegitimate daughter of Charles II and thought to be one of his favorite children. She was known to be one of the most beautiful women of the day. Chiswick House is a museum in London and it is more of a house museum than an art and artifacts museum though it's collection of paintings and busts are quite beautiful. It was giving to the Ministry in the 1950s but was in bad shape and underwent extensive repairs. In 2005 it received another face-lift. Also, if you'd like to get an idea of what the pendant looks like, you can go to my profile page and click on the link.[Chapter 2] Of Profit & Pleasure Disclaimer: I do not own The Libertine. A/N: Thanks to LinaLove not only for her review but once again for her support. Also thank you to dionne dance, Marie and PrincessKanako for their reviews. And may I present, Chapter Two! Chapter Two Katherine Parker 1684 He watched from his box as the crowd whooped and hollered and clapped wildly as she finished her final monologue. Shakespeare had never been his favorite playwright. The Earl had always found him too comical, and his attempts at bawdy humor were pathetic, at best. That was the old style of theater. Now that relics such as the Bard were in the ground, the Earl felt it was up to him to give London the education it rightfully deserved in more mature fashion. But he had found Miss Parker's Katherina from Taming of the Shrew to be refreshing. And he saw for the first time someone that had actually captured the meaning behind that final speech. Although Katherina says she has found her calling as a submissive wife to Petruchio, the Earl knew Shakespeare's true intent was to be ironic. A woman like Katherina, the so-called \"shrew\" of the tale, could never be tamed. She had simply fallen in love and had found a whole new way to manipulate Petruchio by playing the devoted partner. Up until tonight he had never seen any actress play the role as it was intended but this woman had embodied that sense of irony. And Alcock was right, even from the balcony he could see that Miss Katherine Parker had to be the most beautiful woman in London. Somewhat petite, but with a slight bosom, she moved with grace and dignity, more so than any commoner he had come across. His eyes were not as good as they used to be so he hoped that he'd be able to sneak backstage to get a closer look at the belle of the London. He didn't bother to watch the last few lines of the play and instead swept from his box and hurried down the steps to greet the stage manager. He had short words with him as the players took their final bows and after slipping him a few coins the man gladly showed the Earl to the dressing room area where he would find the comely Miss Parker. He surveyed the room and spotted her standing, half-dressed, in the corner with her back to the rest of the room. He stalked through the rows of dressing mirrors amongst the rest of the actors and actresses that were packing up to go home or to meet their lovers. He knew a gentleman would wait until a woman was fully clothed to approach her, but John never fancied himself a gentleman. He had planned exactly what he was going to say but just as he opened his mouth she held up a hand. Without even looking back at him she spoke, \"Please, spare me your pretty words. I know who you are and I know your reputation and I would rather not associate myself with a cad such as you.\" The smirk almost left his face. \"And how do you know of that?\" \"People talk, Lord Rochester,\" she replied simply. \"I am flattered, Miss Parker, that you should know all about my character when I know almost nothing of yours, except for the fact that you are toast of the town,\" he replied charmingly. \"And that is all you will know about me Lord Rochester,\" she replied as she turned to look at him for the first time. His eyes widened slightly to take her in. He had met her before, he was sure of it. But he had been away from the city for half a decade and she looked no older than twenty. Surely he had not bedded her when she was just a child. He would not have met her at court because no actress had ever been welcomed to actually socialize with his majesty. She was walking away from him, believing she had silenced him with that witty tongue. \"Have we met?\" he asked her and she stilled. \"I do not believe so. What would an Earl have to do with a lowly actress?\" Her expression was fierce, as if daring him to continue. But the Earl was never one to be shy. \"Miss Parker, you yourself just informed me you are well aware of my reputation. I thought you'd know of my talent as an acting instructor.\" \"I know nothing of your talent as an acting instructor, but I know much of your talent as lustful rodent.\" \"Rodent, madame? I think myself more a rogue.\" \"Well you do think rather highly of yourself.\" \"I am here merely to offer my services to you Miss Parker,\" he drawled. \"And what services are those, sir? Lessons in acting or corruption of character?\" He stared straight into her sapphire blue eyes, \"Whichever would be of more use to my Lady.\" And then he bowed low without taking his eyes from her. \"My Lady?\" she laughed bitterly, \"Well, my Lord , as you heard for yourself from the reaction of tonight's audience, I hardly need an acting lesson.\" \"And from what I have indeed heard of you, my Lady , you are in no need of further corruption of character,\" he looked down at his coat and picked a stray string from the front. \"And where did you hear that?\" He chuckled darkly, \"people talk, Miss Parker.\" \"Well then, my Lord, you should know that I need no further education in either field. Please make sure you inform the stage hand of your departure so he can lock up behind you,\" and with that she disappeared from his sight. Lord Rochester's head fell back and a groan escaped his lips. His breeches felt tight; tighter than they had in years. 2005 Her eyes stung from staring at the computer screen for hours in the dark and now the sun was peeking through the bottom of the window shades in her room. She heard her roommate's alarm clock go off from down the hall. She had officially stayed up all night. And despite having tons of educational data bases to comb through, she had found very little on Charlotte Fitzroy. She decided to click to the next page, page 95, and if she didn't find anything she was going to call it a wash and go in late to work in hopes that she could get some sleep. She scrolled down through the page until she saw a name she had not yet come across in her research: Katherine Parker She clicked on the article and skimmed its contents. Katherine had been a popular actress at the same time Charlotte had lived. She was known for perfecting the role of Katherina in The Taming of the Shrew . That was all the article said. But why did an article on a London stage actress come up in her search on Charlotte Fitzroy? Were they friends? Lovers? Olivia had heard of such dalliances before; respectable women of high social standing who had a husband and children taking a female lover. But she had found nothing on a husband or children in her search on Charlotte Fitzroy. It was as if any detailed record of her had been wiped clean from the history books. Olivia was starting to think that maybe she had been looking up the wrong person. She directed her cursor up to the search bar and typed in Katherine Parker . When she saw the number of results that popped up, she knew she would not be going to work today, nor would she be getting any sleep. 1684 Alcock was surprised when his master returned to the manor that night. Usually on a night at the theater he would stay at the inn and employ one of the local harlots to entertain him. \"Home for the evening, my Lord?\" he asked as he tried to clear the sleep from his eyes and take the Earl's cloak at the same time. \"Alcock, make sure that my box is available at the theater where Miss Parker is performing,\" he replied. \"Of course, my Lord, what night would you like to attend?\" \"Make it an indefinite engagement.\" A/N: Just so you are aware. As of now this story is rated \"T\" but in a few chapters it will change to an \"M\" rating for Mature Content. Thank you for reading. Please review![Chapter 3] Of Profit & Pleasure Disclaimer: I do not own The Libertine. A/N: Thanks to LinaLove, dionne dance, UnicornTamer, Marie and Guest for their reviews! Chapter Three Roses 2005 \"Look at this carving, Will. Can you make out what it says?\" Her boss leaned in to look through the large magnifying glass she was holding. She saw the skin around his eyes crinkle as he squinted. \"I think we're going to need a stronger glass,\" he said straightening up. \"I already have one on order. It should be here by the end of the week. I guess they use this strength of glass in sperm banks.\" \"That was a bit more than I needed to know, Olivia.\" \"Sorry, sir,\" she replied and a light crimson coloured her cheeks. When Olivia had first applied for the position at the museum, she pictured herself working for a little old man that wore lots of tweed and jaunty caps. Needless to say she was shocked when she walked into her interview to find a 40-something-year-old Jack White look-a-like. Will had shaggy brown hair and eyes the color of dark chocolate. He was somewhat tall and lean with long fingers, like a musician's. He was not wearing tweed, but rather a pair of worn-in jeans and a velvet black blazer over a white tee-shirt. She stood in the door in her pencil skirt, pumps and jeweled Peter Pan collar blouse, her portfolio and resume under her arm. She knew she should say something but found herself unable to speak. Instead she cleared her throat and this caused him to look up from whatever he was reading. \" Who in the bloody hell are you?\" he asked. \"Olivia?\" he repeated. \"Hmmm?\" she awoke from her day dream. He dropped the pendant back in her gloved hand. Then he leaned down and took up a pen. He wrote down an address on a page in her notebook, ripped it out and handed it to her. \"I expect you'll get a start there,\" he said simply and then walked over to the next work station where Jamie was restoring a small painting of a young girl holding a doll. Olivia packed up her stuff, grabbed her bag and headed out the door, the piece of paper clutched tightly in her hand. 1684 Fifteen red roses, roses the colour of blood, lay on her dressing table that night. And like the fifteen nights prior she passed them off to one of the girls in the chorus. The first night when she found a single red rose waiting for her she wondered who would send her such a token. And, if she wanted to be honest, it energized her entire performance and gave her a bit of a thrill to think she had a secret admirer. That was, until the Earl visited her after the play that night. Unfortunately he had caught her off guard as she was admiring the perfection of each of the petals. \" Do you know what else resembles a flower?\" he said. \" If you are referring to a woman's tinderbox* then please spare me your company for, as you have said, I am well educated in what goes on between the sheets,\" she replied. \" My apologies, Miss Parker, I was attempting to make polite conversation with you.\" \" And since when do polite conversations involve a comparison between flowers and a woman's nether regions?\" He remained silent. \" Mary?\" she turned to the girl sitting a few feet away from her. She was a red head with a large bosom and a crooked smile. \" Yes?\" the Earl could swear he heard a faint Irish lilt in her voice. \" For your performance tonight, from Lord Rochester\" Katherine replied as she handed the other woman the red rose. The Earl's eyes widened in indignation. Mary held it up to her nose to take in its sweet aroma. \" How lovely!\" she giggled, \"Thank you my Lord. How shall I repay you for such a thoughtful trinket?\" He spent that night with the redhead between his legs but all he could think of was the elusive Miss Parker. The next night he had sent two roses. The next, three, and so on. Though he was never pleased to see her hand them off, he had to admit that he hadn't had to lighten his purse for pleasurable company in over a fortnight. On the sixteenth night she found the roses as usual, but when she picked them up to hand them to the lucky girl of the evening, she noticed something sparkling in the candlelight. Examining the bouquet more carefully, she discovered he had wrapped a garnet bracelet around the stems. Quickly she called the stage manager to her side and made sure to rid herself of the burden. When the Earl arrived at his seat that evening, he was very surprised to find a garnet bracelet lying on the cushion. 2005 She looked down at the paper and up once again at the number hanging above the door. When Olivia had set off to find the address Will had given her, she thought it might be some kind of small library he had sent her to. But there was no sign to be seen. She walked up the steps to the grand looking brownstone and tried the door but found it locked. This wasn't any kind of library she was used to. She rung the doorbell three times before anyone came to greet her. \"Can I help you?\" an attractive older woman wearing what must have been a very expensive pantsuit asked. \"Uhh, I hope so,\" Olivia said, \"Will Booths gave me this address. I'm looking for information on Lady Charlotte Fitzroy and Katherine Parker.\" The woman's eyebrows disappeared underneath her perfectly coiffed bangs. \"You've come to the right place,\" she replied with a smile and she stood to the side of the door to allow Olivia passage. 1684 Something flew past her head and landed with a smack on her dressing table. It was the garnet bracelet. \"Why didn't you give it to one of your friends?\" the Earl asked. \"I have no friends. Only acquaintances.\" \"Well then tell me, which acquaintance am I taking my pleasure from tonight?\" he said cheekily as he scanned the room. Surely he had bedded every woman in this particular production. Except for Miss Katherine Parker of course. She did not answer him in words, merely reached under the table and showed him the bouquet that looked as if she had used it to fight off an attacker. \"So how do you plan to thank me?\" he asked with a smirk on his face. \"I think a 'thank you,' will do,\" she said, shoving them back under the table. \"Tut tut my dear, as you know from the Bard's own words, 'The poorest service is repaid with thanks.'\"* \"But I am afraid, Lord Rochester, that thanks are all I have, and care, to give to you.\" \"I have a feeling there is more you have to offer than pretty words, especially when they come from such a pretty mouth,\" he looked almost feral now. \"Alas, My Lord, all that you will receive from this pretty mouth , is words of rejection and condescension.\" \"You could perform for the king you know.\" She stopped brushing her hair to look over at him and he continued. \"Under my instruction you could perform at court and if you're lucky, the King may offer you his services as a patron. It's every actress's dream.\" \"All monarchs I hate, and the thrones they sit on, From the hector of France to the cully of Britain.\"* \"You use my own words?\" he looked shocked. \"I have no interest in performing for any kings or members of court of really anyone who is self-righteous and self-important. I merely perform for the love of the art.\" \"I only wish to teach you for the love of the art,\" he pleaded. \"I'm sure that is your only reason,\" she said as she finished packing up her things. \"I wish to be moved. I cannot feel in life. I must have others do it for me in theater.\"* She took a good look at him and though his face still held that all-important smirk, it did not reach his eyes. \"Kindly tell the stage manager when you take your leave,\" she said as she placed the bracelet in his open palm, \"And please, waste no more time trying to catch my attention. There may come a night you find this table occupied by another Katherina.\" And sure enough, the next night he was surprised to find that when the Shrew made her entrance on stage it was not Miss Katherine Parker, but rather another actress who, the Earl discovered, had no idea what she was doing. The mousy girl was annoying, whiny and quite frankly, a bore. When the first act finished the Earl rushed to the stage manager, inquiring what had happened to his newest obsession. \"My Lord every few weeks Miss Parker allows her understudy to take on the role. No one knows where she goes, just that she takes the night off.\" \"But she'll be back tomorrow night?\" he asked almost desperately. \"I should think so, My Lord.\" But she wasn't. Nor was she the night after that. Had he driven her away? He didn't think her to be that ridiculous or weak-willed. On the fourth night she was missing yet again. He left the play early and simply returned home. Alcock was shocked to see him but managed to get his wits about him. \"My Lord, this came for you while you were out,\" and he handed his master a letter. The Earl opened it carelessly and rolled his eyes upon reading its contents. \"Alcock, ready my best for tomorrow. I have been called to court.\" A/N: Thank you for reading. Please take a moment to review? Also: *\"tinderbox\" was a term used for a woman's vagina * \"The poorest service is repaid with thanks,\" is a quote from Taming of the Shrew * \"All monarchs I hate, and the thrones they sit on, From the hector of France to the cully of Britain,\" is a quote from The Complete Poems of John Wilmot, Earl of Rochester * \"I wish to be moved. I cannot feel in life. I must have others do it for me in theater.\" – quote from John Wilmot[Chapter 4] Of Profit & Pleasure Disclaimer: I do not own The Libertine. A/N: Thanks to LinaLove, dionne dance, Marie and Bree for their reviews! Chapter Four \"You lie in faith . . .\" 2005 She stood in an elegant sitting room, waiting for the woman to return with the pot of tea she had promised her. Looking around she spotted several items that she knew belonged in the Tower of London and two or three paintings that had at one time or another been loaned out to the Victoria and Albert Museum. She walked over to a baby grand piano sitting in the corner of the room. The keys had to be ivory, showing the age of the instrument. Just as went to press the \"C\" key she heard, \"Here we go!\" She turned to find the woman had returned with a tea tray, two cups and some chocolate biscuits. Suddenly Olivia felt underdressed in her shirt dress and oxfords. She sat down in a chair near the table and waited for her hostess to pour her a cup. \"My name is Olivia Lee,\" she was hoping to spur the conversation with an introduction. \"Nice to meet you Olivia,\" the woman replied. \"Uhhh, and you are?\" \"Oh, forgive me. My name is Elizabeth.\" Olivia waited for a last name but it never came so she decided to move on, \"Where am I?\" \"What do you mean?\" Elizabeth said she as she sat down on a damask upholstered couch. \"Is this a library or uhh . . .\" \"Well, we have a library. But this is our home.\" Olivia was caught off guard. Most people who lived in homes this grand and so near to Kensington Palace were descended from noble lines. As the daughter of an electrician and secondary school teacher, she had never thought she'd find herself inside such a residence. Maybe that's why Elizabeth had neglected to give her last name. She took a sip of her tea from the delicate, and most definitely, ancient china. \"Will said I may find some information on Charlotte Fitzroy and Katherine Parker here. I have found very little on both women.\" \"Why are you looking for information?\" Elizabeth asked. \"I'm working on the restoration project at the Chiswick House. We have a piece of jewelry that belonged to Charlotte and in my research I came up with very little on her except for her interesting lineage.\" \"And Katherine Parker?\" \"Her name appeared in my research. I only know that she was a stage actress.\" \"The finest in London during the reign of King Charles,\" Elizabeth replied smugly. \"Yes well, I wish to know more about them so I can write up a detailed report for the exhibit we are planning at Chiswick House.\" \"Did you know that her mother, Barbara Villiers, 1st Duchess of Cleveland, died in Chiswick?\"* \"I did not,\" Olivia felt excitement coursing through her, she was finally getting somewhere. \"She did.\" That was all Elizabeth said before she took another sip of tea. \"Do you know anything else about them?\" \"Wait right here,\" Elizabeth replied and disappeared once again. She returned a few moments later with an old, yet perfectly preserved book. She handed it to Olivia who took it in her hands delicately. The Poems of John Wilmot \"Take it home and read it. Return here when you've finished it and we'll talk some more.\" Olivia wanted to be polite, but she was becoming annoyed. \"Look, I don't know how this is going to help me in my research. Can you tell me about Charlotte and Katherine or can't you?\" Elizabeth merely smiled, \"Read the book. I think you'll enjoy it.\" 1684 The Earl found himself bored to tears. The letter he had received requesting his presence at court said little other than that, but he had hoped the King had planned to honor him with another title, or maybe request another play for his entertainment. But now he realized the King merely wanted the pleasure of his company to entertain him. And though he felt this to be a waste of his time, at least the monarch's liquor was plenty and strong. And Charles did keep a bevy of attractive ladies in his court. However as he looked around, Lord Rochester realized that he had bedded most of them and found none worth a second glance. \"My liege, I believe it is time for me to take my leave,\" Lord Rochester said hoping for a swift exit. \"Johnny, no! You've been away too long. I had hoped to introduce you to someone who's become rather important in my life.\" \"Another mistress, sir? Is this one after a title or your jewels?\" \"No mistress, rather the fruit of Barbara Villiers, 1st Duchess of Cleveland.\" \"Was she not your mistress at one time or another?\" \"I mean to introduce you to my daughter, Johnny.\" \"Not many men have the balls to say that to one such as me.\" \"Your balls will have nothing to do with my daughter if you want to keep that head on your shoulders,\" King Charles replied in a stern, yet playful, tone. \"If you don't mean for me to take her on as a lover, why are you so eager to introduce us?\" \"She reminds me of you. Same cruel wit, same sharp tongue, and she is quite taken with your poetry and theater,\" the king took a sip from his glass and continued, \"I always find your plays amusing but too, shall we say, bawdy for the ladies.\" \"Are you saying your own daughter, the daughter of the King of England, finds my raunchy humor entertaining?\" \"She's clever, if she wasn't a woman . . .\" \". . . and a bastard,\" The Earl interrupted and his King gave him a warning look. \" . . . I'd wish for her to be my successor.\" \"That's bold of you.\" \"And you don't believe your well-known affections for lowly stage actresses to be bold?\" The Earl ignored the question, \"When will this long-lost daughter be joining us?\" \"She was supposed to be here ages ago but I received a message that she had been detained.\" \"Maybe I shall meet her another time then,\" the Earl said as he stood up. \"My Lord,\" he heard a familiar voice call out from across the room. Suddenly a woman in deep red rushed past him and approached King Charles. She bowed shallowly to him, her back to Lord Rochester. \"Ahhh, Charlotte,\" the King said and the Earl could see an affectionate twinkle in the older man's eye as he held her shoulders firmly. \"I would like you to meet my good friend and the man who will make my reign famous with his works of literature, John Wilmot, the Earl of Rochester.\" \"My daughter, Charlotte Fitzroy,\" King Charles said and he turned her forwards. The Earl's eyes widened in surprise. \"You . . .\" he started accusingly but she interrupted. \"It is an honor to make your acquaintance, my Lord,\" she said bowing to him. He laughed darkly, \"And yours, my Lady .\" And then he took her hand in his and bowed to kiss it, lingering a little longer than necessary. \"Well,\" the King said happily, oblivious to the tension brewing between the two, \"I am sure Charlotte would love to pick that perverted brain of yours. Please feel free to use my library. I would prefer the rest of my subjects not witness my daughter speaking about such things. People do talk.\" \"Indeed they do. After you, my Lady,\" the Earl said and he followed her to the study. The moment they were alone he grabbed her arm and pushed her down into a plush leather armchair, trapping her by placing his hands on either arm. In the dim candlelight was only able to make out the shadows of his fierce expression. \"You lie, in faith; for you are call'd plain Kate, And bonny Kate and sometimes Kate the curst; But Kate, the prettiest Kate in Christendom Kate of Kate Hall, my super-dainty Kate, For dainties are all Kates, and therefore, Kate, Take this of me, Kate of my consolation; Hearing thy mildness praised in every town, Thy virtues spoke of, and thy beauty sounded, Yet not so deeply as to thee belongs, Myself am moved to woo thee for my wife.\"* She clapped slowly at his recitation that had become more and more passionate as it had gone on. \"I am flattered, my Lord, but it is rumoured that you already have a wife and I do not believe my father would like it if I committed bigamy.\" The smile grew more sinister upon his face, \"A pleasure to see you again . . . Miss Parker.\" A/N: Thank you for reading. Please take a moment to review? Also: *Barbara Villiers, Charlotte Fitzroy's mother, did die in Chiswick *\"You lie, in faith; for you are call'd plain Kate, . . . Myself am moved to woo thee for my wife.\"* - quote from Shakespeare's Taming of the Shrew[Chapter 5] Of Profit & Pleasure Disclaimer: I do not own The Libertine. A/N: Thanks to LinaLove, dionne dance, Marie and Bree for their reviews! Chapter Five Blackmail & Puzzle Pieces 2005 Olivia had read and reread the book Elizabeth had given her several times. And though she appreciated John Wilmot's perverse humor and dark take on love, she wasn't entirely sure how this would help her find anything out about Charlotte Fitzroy and Katherine Parker. She had thought this book would hold all the answers she needed, but she was beginning to learn that not all was as it seemed. And Will wasn't helping at all. When she had returned to work that day and showed him what she had brought back he laughed loudly. \"You might want to read that in private,\" he had said and then walked off to take a look at another colleague's project. It was now 10 p.m. on a Saturday night in London and she was alone in her flat. Her roommate was out on one of her numerous dates and judging by the height of her heels and the length of her skirt, Olivia doubted Becca would be back that night. She let her head roll back as she sat in her desk chair. Another Saturday night in, doing research; such was the life of an art historian. Of course, that wasn't exactly true and Olivia knew that. She just wanted to think that her job was too important to spend any time socializing with anyone that hadn't already been dead for centuries. The truth was a small part of her would have loved to have been out on the town on this beautiful August night. But even more than that, she wanted to find out the mystery revolving around the sapphire necklace. She let out a sigh and sitting back up straight, she typed into the EBSCOHost browser bar \"John Wilmot . \" When she saw how many results that came back, she knew this was going to be another long night. 1684 \"So like the Bard you enjoy the art of deception. Miss, what was it?\" \"Fitzroy,\" she replied flippantly. \"Ah yes, Miss Fitzroy,\" he leaned down closer to her, \"my, my, my, I wonder what daddy would say if he found out his only darling daughter was employed in an occupation no higher than that of a common whore?\" She remained silent. \"Shall we find out?\" he asked her innocently. \"I never deceived you. I never told you that my name was Katherine Parker.\" \"But that is your stage name, is it not?\" \"Is an actress not allowed a stage name?\" she asked. \"An actress, yes. A possible heir to the throne . . . I think not.\" \"Oh please, I will never be crowned queen. As far as the court is concerned I am merely a complication. I know many of my half-brothers laughed when they discovered great King Charles had sired a girl.\" \"I bet if they familiarized themselves with your wit and wisdom they would be concerned for their own place in the line for the throne.\" She was taken aback; he was paying her a compliment. Whether he was aware of it or not she wasn't sure but it was surprising nonetheless. \"They say England is still recovering from the reign of Elizabeth; that the English people would not welcome a queen so soon again with open arms.\" \"Especially one that opens her legs so willingly,\" he remarked smugly and all thoughts of his previous compliment left her. \"Another assumption. My Lord, as we have discussed, people may talk but that doesn't necessarily mean what they say is true.\" \"Do you or do you not enjoy many a gentleman caller?\" \"I have been called upon by many gentlemen. That is true.\" \"And yet you claim your purity is still intact?\" She laughed charmingly, \"Now I never said that, my Lord.\" \"Then with that out of the way you should be able to enjoy many a tumble between the sheets with many different suitors,\" he stood up straight and walked to the other side of the room. She let out a small breath she had no idea she had been holding and stood up to follow him across the room. \"There is something extremely pleasurable in being selective about a bed partner. It makes them feel honored and with that I get exactly what I want from a lover.\" \"And what is that Miss Fitzroy ?\" the name still felt foreign on his tongue. \"To be worshipped, of course.\" \"Like father, like daughter. Which brings us back to the matter at hand: what would your dear father do if he found out you were late to court because you were playing to hundreds of commoners at the theater?\" \"He won't find out,\" she replied firmly. \"What makes you think I won't inform him of your many indiscretions immediately?\" \"Because you have your own indiscretions that I am sure he would not like that I have seen firsthand; using your title to obtain free drink and board whilst you spend your money on fine clothes and fornication. And I would not hesitate to reveal to him certain names you have used to insult his highness.\" \"I have been banished from court for such deeds and worse and yet he has brought me back time and time again. He cares not what I do nor what I call him, only that it doesn't create a great scandal,\" he paused and turned to her. \"Now, tell me, why will I not tattle on you?\" he moved towards her like a great lion eyeing its prey. \"Because you enjoy having power over me.\" \"Are you suggesting you have something to offer me that may buy my silence?\" he said in mocking voice. \"I know I will regret asking this but do tell, what will it take, my Lord , for you to forget what you have discovered tonight?\" she held her ground but the Earl could sense her discomfort. He placed a finger under his chin as he hummed to himself. She waited patiently for his reply. That's all she could do. After all, if she had known her father had invited the Earl to court that evening, if she had known he would be there, she would have declined the King's invitation. But she had not known . . . and she had come . . . and now he knew. Charlotte did not believe in harping on the past, merely accepting the present . . . and also hoping his proposal was agreeable. He started to circle her. Closer and closer; so close she could feel his breath tickling her neck and the silk of his waist coat brushing against her back. \"Acting lessons.\" Her brow furrowed in confusion, \"pardon?\" He came to stand in front of her. \"Acting lessons. I will tutor you in the art of acting.\" \"As I have said before, I am in no need of acting lessons,\" she laughed incredulously, \"I am the toast of the London stage.\" \"And in three months' time you will be forgotten. But with me as your instructor, you will become immortal.\" Her eyes narrowed in suspicion, \"And that is all you require of me in exchange for your silence?\" \"Did you have something else in mind? If I didn't know any better I would think you want to warm my bed,\" and a lascivious grin spread across his face. \"Meet me at the theater, tomorrow morning,\" she said and she made her way to the library door. \"A moment, Miss Fitzroy ,\" the Earl called and she stopped. \"You shall come to my manor tomorrow. Wear your morning dress and no jewelry. Your hair will be pulled away from your face and you will not apply face powder or rouge.\" \"I will do no such thing,\" she replied. \"You shall do as I say or suffer the consequences, my Lady.\" Her eyes were on fire and he could see her body tense. \"Very well, my Lord. Until tomorrow,\" and she gave him an exaggerated bow before slamming the library door in his face. 2005 \"John Wilmot, 2nd Earl of Rochester, poet, playwright, blah blah blah, I've already read all this,\" she said aloud to herself. It was nearing 4 in the morning and, as she had predicted, Becca was not back yet. But Olivia wasn't concerned. She had found a fascinating character in Lord Rochester. But he was becoming just another piece of the puzzle and she hadn't even begun to fit together the few pieces she already had. \"A fondness for actresses, one of his famous students was Elizabeth Barry,\" Olivia yawned, \"After retiring to his country estate to recover from an extended illness, he returned to London to find Barry had fallen out of favor to be replaced by Katherine Parker. He then steered Parker's career to great popularity.\" At this her eyes widened. Finally! It wasn't much, but it was something. Now she just had to figure out what the two had to do with Charlotte Fitzroy. She heard the door of her apartment slam and footsteps hurrying towards her room. \"Olivia?\" she heard Becca whisper as she knocked timidly. \"It's open,\" Olivia called. Becca opened the door. Her face was red and her eyes swollen from obviously crying. Her dress was torn and she was missing a shoe. \"What happened?\" Olivia said as she rushed over and embraced her friend. \"He wouldn't take no for an answer,\" was all Becca said as she burst into tears. A/N: Thank you for reading. Please take a moment to review?[Chapter 6] Of Profit & Pleasure Disclaimer: I do not own The Libertine. A/N: Thanks to LinaLove, dionne dance, Marie and Bree for their reviews! Chapter Six The Lion's Den 1684 She walked to the Earl's house that morning. She knew she should have called around the carriage since his manor was a good hour's walk from her home but the last thing she wanted was for the footman to see her wearing a morning dress without any sort of adornment. It was unseemly for a woman of her status to go out in public as such. It had been a long time since Charlotte had been up this early. Between her duties at court and her nights at the theater, the mornings she took as time for herself. And the servants never questioned it. She figured they probably enjoyed the time off as well. As she walked through the streets of London on this exceedingly warm spring day, she took in everything around her. The sights of grocers selling their wares and men returning home after a night at the inn, probably hoping to sneak in before their wives found them missing; the feeling of the warm breeze upon her face as the sun peaked over the bridge, it all seemed to warm her heart. Even the reek of the gutter refreshed her. Except for the nights she was able to sneak away to perform, Charlotte was always accompanied by a servant, a suitor or a chaperone anywhere she went. For Charlotte, the theater was her escape. It was her chance to be anyone but herself. She could bask in the glow of Romeo's affections or exert her power of her people as Dido, the Queen of Carthage. And the emotions that swept over her as she embodied Desdemona and Ophelia were overwhelming. It was cathartic for her. On stage her possibilities were endless. At home, her possibilities were to marry well and produce children. She strode purposefully up to the front door of the Earl's manor and knocked forcefully. After her third attempt a rather tall but odd looking butler opened the door. He immediately noticed her state of undress and cleared his throat. \"And who might you be?\" he leered. She blanked. Should she give her real name, or her stage name? Which one would the Earl have given to his butler? \"I am Miss Katherine Parker. Lord Rochester is expecting me.\" \"Ahhh, I know who you are,\" he said slyly, \"'fraid the Earl isn't home yet.\" So he hadn't come home last night, she noted. \"May I wait for him inside?\" she asked. \"Of course,\" he said but as she made to step through the door he blocked her way. \"But you must enter through the servants quarters,\" he smiled nastily. \"Pardon?\" \"Master's orders,\" he shrugged his shoulders. She had half a mind to turn around and leave the house and never see the Earl again. But she knew that she could not. Not now that he knew her dirty little secret. She let out a sigh and with a roll of her eyes made her way around the back of the manor. The butler met her at the servants' entrance and led her into a small parlor that looked as if it was used very little. Dust covered the tables and chairs. He left her without a word, without even offering her a cup of tea. However it was too hot for tea. And with only one small window, she found herself becoming a bit stifled. She sat on a chair in the corner of the room facing the door. She had a feeling that when it came to Lord Rochester, she always had to watch her back. 2005 Olivia had just finished helping Becca fill out the police report when she got the text: Where the fuck are you? It was the fourth text that she had missed from Will, her boss whom she had forgot to inform that she would be late to work that day. After Becca had come home that night Olivia had immediately taken her to the Chelsea and Westminster Hospital to be examined. When she told the ER nurse that the young woman had been raped, the nurse immediately phoned the police. Olivia held Becca's hand as the doctor explained to her that she had not suffered any lasting physical damage, but that obviously she would call in counseling to help Becca with the emotional trauma she was no doubt experiencing. For Olivia the whole situation was rather frightening. Becca was an out-going, flirtatious yet intelligent woman who always had a smile and a kind thought on her lips. But now as she sat in the hospital bed in the drafty gown she looked numb and frail. Her hands would not stop shaking and they were clammy. Olivia had called Becca's parents who lived just east of Cambridge. They told her they were on their way immediately but they didn't get their before the police so Olivia had to inform them of what had happened to her friend. But now that Becca's family had arrived and the police report was all made out, Olivia figured it was time to get out of there. She looked down at herself. She was still wearing the pajama shorts and tee shirt she had had on when Becca had come home. She'd have to change before going into work. She took out her phone and texted Will back. Going to visit Elizabeth. 1684 The Earl stood over Charlotte's sleeping form. Alcock had immediately brought his master to the back parlor after informing him that the woman had arrived an hour and a half ago. And though the Earl had not planned on returning home this late in the morning, he was glad for this moment of silence in her presence. He was always so distracted by that delicious mouth and sharp tongue of hers that he rarely saw past her wit. Now he could examine her physical characteristics. She had cheekbones as sharp and graceful as her wit, with a button nose. Her eye lashes were a thick fringe that rested upon rosy cheeks. And her pink plump lips were slightly parted to reveal just the front white teeth. Her hair was a chocolate hue, with a natural curl that she had pinned atop her head. He could see there was a sheen of sweat upon her long neck and in the heat of the day a few tendrils of hair had become lose and wet and now stuck to her chest that was rising and falling with each breath. He reached out, a greedy smirk upon his lips, to brush the hair away from her bosom when suddenly – SMACK! He had been so distracted by the white mounds hiding beneath the rather plain material of her dress that he hadn't notice she'd awoken. He laughed bitterly and looked into her irate face. \"The last time I encountered your mother she too assaulted my person. The only reason she wasn't locked away in jail was because the king lived between her thighs.\" SMACK! \"I may not agree with my mother's choices in life, but I never thought I would need remind you that when our King demands something, he is not denied it,\" her words were fierce and succinct. \"Especially when what the King wants is accomplished by simply lying on your back and the profits are so easily reaped,\" he bit back. \"You speak as if you have experience sir. I wonder if the king has had you bow for him in his private chambers?\" she stood up carefully, aware her words were harsh, and walked to the window. He approached her and placed a firm hand on her shoulder. \"For our King there are many different kinds of servitude. I would beware of spending too much time with him, my dear, for who knows what purpose he has in mind for someone as precious as you,\" he warned. She turned her head and caught the serious gaze upon his face. \"Why did you request my presence at your manor, Lord Rochester?\" The gaze faded to be replaced by the knowing smirk she had come to despise. \"Well, my Katherina , I always thought an actress' duty was to dance around the truth. But if we are past the niceties, let acting class,\" he clapped his hands twice, \"commence.\" She let a confident smirk play on her lips but she couldn't help but feel she had just entered the lion's den. A/N: I apologize for being so long in updating. I have three words that will explain my absence: work, flu, blizzard. Thank you so much for sticking with me! Updates will come more regularly now. Promise! Please R&R;? Tink ","Summary":" Of Profit & Pleasure Summary: John Wilmot, poet, playwright and 2nd Earl of Rochester returns to Lo"},{"Movie":"Dark Harbor","Title":"Take my breath away","Author":"Vmk-xx","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8792018","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Take my breath away Chapter 1 Hi there! Well after watching 'Dark Harbor', I just fell in love with the movie! This is a young man/OC and yes, I know he is gay! However, we do not find that out till the last few minutes of the movie so please do not judge my story just because he is not gay in it. Also, Alexis will be older in this so she can be the biological mother to Olivia. So please enjoy and I hope you like this opening chapter! Neglect, being invisible, heartache, and worthlessness were only a few feelings that Olivia Weinberg felt as she sat opposite her parents whilst stirring her food around her plate. She wished she were somewhere else where she would not be ignored or glared at whenever she tried to start a conversation. They were always like this, engaging in their own chat completely ignoring their daughter who only sat a few feet away. But that was her parents, they were too involved with each other's business that they never took the time to ask how she was or whether she'd had a good day. That's why she hated spending time on their private island, it just isolated her even more. She gets up from her seat and slides out of the room, her parents not even glancing her way or questioning her sudden rush out the room. She quickly ties her long blonde hair into low pigtails that rest over her shoulders, taking a quick look in the mirror at her features before she grabs her basket and slips out the kitchen door. She heads into the woods, the only place she knows that keeps her away from the silence within the prison she calls her home. Olivia listens to the birds tweeting and the rustling of the leaves as she treks deeper into the sun-filled woods. She finds the sun to be refreshing due to there always seeming to be a storm coming every time they came to the island. She continues to walk until she comes across what she is looking for, a small purple mushroom, she would always collect these as a child when her parents actually paid attention to her. These little pieces of fungi were her last connection to the parents she knew as a child and she planned on hanging onto it for as long as she could. That had been when she had loved her parents deeply, when they spent time with her and returned her love. But now it was only Olivia giving the love, her parents on the other hand gave her nothing close to the emotion. Olivia pulls herself out of her memories and checks the mushroom knowing the difference between one being lethal and one being an aphrodisiac instantly. She places it delicately into her basket and then continues on her pursuit. Going ever deeper into what seems like a never ending woods. After thirty minutes of mushroom picking Olivia places herself down in the familiar clearing where she would always sit after picking mushrooms. She lifts her head letting the sun brush across her pale skin, she opens her eyes for a second letting her light blue eyes sparkle. They never sparkled anymore, they were dull and full of pain, all because her parents didn't care about her anymore. She sighs loudly watching the bird's fly watching the birds fly over the trees, this was her happy place. Her place where she didn't feel unwanted or like a spare part. Olivia jumps suddenly as a loud rustle comes from behind her. She lifts herself up and turns around quickly only to be met by nothing but trees. She breathes out a hard breath, then she hears it. A muffled groan. She looks down cautiously her hands forming into fists as she tries to control her shaking limbs. It's a man with messy brown hair and covered in dirt. He looks like he's been in a tussle Olivia wants to ask him if he's okay but the words won't form in her mouth. She gulps and then her tongue comes back to her. ''How did you get here?'' Olivia whispers, confused to how someone could get on her parents private island. The man looks up at her with a glare. ''I swam.'' He says huskily. Olivia shivers at the sound of his voice, but also the mans handsome features. ''Do you want some help?'' Olivia stutters out. The man gives Olivia another glare. ''No I don't want to trouble you.'' He says. Olivia cautiously bends down in front of him. ''It's really no trouble, I have a house right here on the island.'' She says offering the man a small smile. The man looks up at her and nods his head as he begins to lift himself up. Olivia watches him making sure he doesn't hurt himself. When she see's that he is stable, she picks up her basket full of mushrooms and begins to walk in the direction back to her prison. Listening as the strange man follows heavy footed behind her. Well what did you think? Should I continue with this? Let me know by leaving me a follow, favourite and review! They will motivate me to update if you like this! Thanks, Vmk-xx.[Chapter 2] Take my breath away Chapter 2 Hey guys! Thank you to Leyshla Gisel and Nicole1408 for reviewing they really mean a lot! Therefore, here is chapter 2 for you all, I hope you enjoy! Olivia finds herself looking over her shoulder at the strange man, she notices he has a backpack slung over his shoulder and she smiles, at least he had some type of belongings with him. However, she also noticed it wasn't wet like his clothes or hair and that confused her. She just shrugs and continues walking towards her prison. When they finally reach the bricks and cement, Olivia turns to the young man and smiles. ''We have an outhouse that has a bathroom, bed and everything.'' She says quietly. The young man just stares at her. ''That would be great thank you.'' He says. Olivia smiles. ''Okay follow me.'' She says as she begins to walk in the direction of the outhouse. When there she peaks her head inside cautiously making sure her father or mother hasn't ventured inside. ''Okay no one is around.'' She says opening the door. ''Please make yourself at home.'' She says with a smile. The young man lets a small smile spread around his face. ''Thank you, I really appreciate it.'' He says shuffling past her to sit on the bed gripping onto his bag tightly. Olivia smiles. ''Would you like some food? I could also bring you some clothes if you like.'' She says. The young man ducks his head. ''That would be great thank you.'' He says. ''All right I'll be back in a moment with everything.'' She says as she begins to walk towards the door. When she is about to open the door the young man speaks up. ''You here alone then?'' He asks. Olivia sighs. ''No I'm here with my parents.'' She breathes. ''Won't they mind you bringing me stuff and helping me out?'' He asks. Olivia can't help but laugh, if only he knew. ''No they won't mind, I'll be back soon.'' She says leaving before he can say anything else. The young man begins to take in his surroundings, shocked by the young girl's gratitude, no one had ever offered him help before, and he was enjoying it. The girl seemed like a lost soul that needed to be found again. He felt like he could happily do that, she was very pretty and he knew he wouldn't mind her company whilst she helped him out. Olivia walked into her house; her parents were sat in the living room by the fire, unaware that their daughter had reentered the house. Olivia sighed and went through the cupboards trying to find something that the young man could eat without her parents hearing what she was doing. She went into the fridge to find her unfinished meal in their. She glared at the plate before grabbing it and placing it in the microwave, if she wasn't going to eat it the young man could. ''Olivia?'' She heard her mother's voice question. ''Yes?'' Olivia questioned back clenching her fists as she felt butterflies beginning to build in her stomach. Her mother then looked over her seat and looked her daughter up and down. ''Nothing dear, I just heard the door and wondered if it was you.'' She says with a patronizing smile. Olivia smiles the same back before her mother turns her head and Olivia rolls her eyes. When she was younger her mother was never like this with her, once upon a time she was actually concerned when her daughter disappeared out the house for a certain amount of time. The microwave beeping brings Olivia out of her thought process. She pulls the plate quickly out of the microwave and grabs a knife and fork. She places them all on the side before slipping upstairs into her parent's room and grabbing one of her father's shirts and a pair of his jeans. Hoping they will fit the young man. When she returns into the kitchen, she feels the plate and sees that it is still warm. She smiles to herself and she cautiously opens the kitchen door making sure not to drop any of the items she is carrying. She walks quickly up to the outhouse, upon opening the door, she finds the place to be empty, she frowns, but then she hears the mistakable noise of a shower running. She smiles and places the clothes on the bed and the food on a small table. '' I've brought you some clothes and food.'' She shouts. She hears shuffling in the bathroom before the shower shuts off, the young man then emerges from the bathroom in a bathrobe. He smiles and looks at the plate of food and clothes. ''Thank you.'' He breathes. Olivia smiles brightly. ''Your welcome. Have a good night.'' She says as she proceeds to the door again. ''Wait are you not going to stay?'' He asks. Olivia shakes her head. ''No you've had a rough day, I'll give you your privacy.'' She says. The young man nods his head in understanding. ''All right. I'll see you in the morning?'' He asks. She smiles. ''Yes I will lock the door behind you to make sure my parents don't know your here. There is a ferry leaving the island that's just a short boat ride away, I'd be happy to take you there.'' She says. The young man eyes her suspiciously. ''You know how to drive a boat?'' He asks. She nods. ''Yes my father taught me. Have a good night.'' She says before leaving the outhouse, locking the door quickly behind her and running into the house. She see's her parents are still up so places herself by the fire to get warm, she brings her knees up to her chest waiting to see if they notice she is their and talk to her. She waits for five minutes before she hears her father cough. Olivia turns to him and is met by his menacing stare. ''Yes dad?'' She questions. He glares at her. ''You're blocking the heat, move out the way Olivia.'' He growls. Olivia shrinks into herself even more before moving across closer to her mother. Who just stares at her blankly, Olivia offers her a small smile but gets nothing back. She grumbles and stands herself up. ''Where are you going dear?'' Her mother asks. ''To bed goodnight mum and dad.'' She mumbles getting no response as she heads for the stairs. As she climbs the steps, she shakes the awkwardness off her before walking into her bedroom and settling into bed after a change into her bedclothes. She lies awake for a few moments before images of the young man begin to flash into her mind. These cause her to relax and she falls into a soft sleep. So was this okay? I hope you guys liked it! Please leave me a review, favourite or follow, as these will motivate me to continue writing this story! Much love, Vmk-xx.[Chapter 3] Take my breath away Chapter 3 Hey there! Thank you all so much for the reception on this story it really means a lot (: I hope you all had a lovely Christmas and as a present from me here's Chapter 3! Olivia wakes up to silence like she does every morning, she sighs and pulls herself up and wrapping her dressing gown around her. She walks down the stairs to find the living area empty of her parents, as well as the kitchen. She then finds a note on the table. ''Gone golfing.'' Olivia glares at the note, they were so blunt with her, but that was her parents. Then she smiles she can spend the whole day with the mysterious man she is keeping in the outhouse without having to worry about her parents. She decides to make them both a full English breakfast. She digs out all the ingredients she needs and begins to cook. When she is finished, she puts the eggs, bacon, sausages, hash browns, and tomatoes on two plates. She turns around and jumps upon seeing the young man sat at her kitchen table. She places a hand on her heart. ''You scared me.'' She breathes. ''Sorry I saw your parents leave this morning, so I thought I would come in.'' He says. Olivia smiles at him seeing he is wearing the clothes she had given him. ''Oh well I made you breakfast.'' She says pointing to the two plates on the side. ''Thank you.'' He says. She hands him the plate with a knife and fork and waits for her to sit down beside him before he begins to eat. They eat in silence exchanging quick glances and small smiles. Once they are done Olivia takes their plates and puts them in the bowl for her to wash later. ''Why didn't you go with your parents?'' The young man suddenly asks. Olivia sighs. ''They don't spend time with me anymore, I might as well be invisible to them.'' She says. ''Why don't they like spending time with their own daughter?'' He asks. Olivia shakes her head. ''I don't want to be rude but I just met you... I don't even know your name.'' She says. The young man moves a little away from her. ''Yeah sorry... I didn't mean to be nosy.'' He says. Olivia lets a little giggle leave her lips. ''It's fine... we just drifted I guess, my parents and me, I grew up and I think they felt like they lost their little girl once I turned sixteen.'' She says. The young man raises his eyebrows. ''How old are you now?'' He asks. ''Nineteen. I'm on winter break from university.'' She says. ''And you came here with your parents? A place that makes you feel isolated and alone. I can see that you know even though you have company here you're still alone. The parents you once knew are gone because you claim it's because you grew up. However, maybe there could be another reason?'' He asks. Olivia looks at him with shock, how could he get all that from just looking at her? ''I don't know it was as soon as I started my exams that they started to drift. My mother clung to me the longest helping me with revision and preparing me for my exams. Then I started my A-levels and she became a completely different person, spending all her time with my father. My dad barely even smiles at me anymore. Maybe they just ended our attachment because they thought it was going to be hard losing me when I went to university. I don't know.'' She says before bursting into tears. The young man moves closer to her and lifts her chin so she is looking at him. ''Don't cry.'' He whispers. Olivia shoves his hand away from her chin. ''Don't do that.'' She begs. ''Why am I even telling you all this I don't even know you.'' She exclaims standing up. ''Just because I helped you out doesn't mean that gives you the right to help me out!'' She shouts at him as her tears continue to fall. The young man stands up. ''That's right take your anger out on a stranger.'' He says softly. ''Stop it!'' She screams. ''I don't want to shout at you, I'm sorry It's just... them. This is what they do to me. They make me feel so angry.'' She says. ''Hey it's alright, you can talk to me. I may be a stranger but it's the least I could do after you have shown me all this kindness.'' He says cautiously getting closer to her. ''Thank you.'' She says as she wipes her tears away. ''Would you like some tea? We can drink it by the fire.'' She says. He nods. ''That would be great. I just need to fetch something first.'' He says. ''Alright.'' She says with a kind smile. She watches him walk out the door as she flicks the kettle on and waits for the water to boil whilst placing sugar and tea bags in the mugs. He returns with his backpack wrapped around his shoulder. Olivia pours the milk into the tea and gives it a quick stir before she picks up the two mugs and signals the man to follow her into the living area. They sit down on the run in front of the blazing fire. Olivia hands the young man his tea with a smile. ''Thank you for listening to me and sorry about getting angry... I have had that bottled up inside of me for a long time.'' She sighs taking a sip of her tea. ''Bottled up anger is the worst anger.'' He says. ''So do you have a name? Or am I just going to have to keep addressing you with no name.'' She says with a smirk. He smirks back. ''I don't like people to know my name.'' He says. Olivia glares at him. ''Why not?'' She asks. ''It takes the mystery away.'' He says. Olivia just smiles at him. Happy to finally have company. Happy to finally have someone to vent to. She was happy she was finally finding a friend in a stranger. So what did you guys think? Was this okay? Please leave a review/favourite/follow they really do mean the world to me! Also if I do not update before Happy New Year Everyone! I hope the New Year brings you joy and happiness! Much love, Vmk-xx.[Chapter 4] Take my breath away Chapter 4 WOW! Thank you all so much for the reviews on the laptop they mean so much! Therefore, here is chapter 4 for you lovely people! They sit in silence while they drink their tea, unsure what to say to one another. Suddenly the young man looks at Olivia who has her eyes glued to the fire. ''Do I make you nervous?'' He asks her. Olivia looks at him with a smile. ''No not at all, I'm glad to finally have company. Socializing with people doesn't make me nervous... Just socializing with my parents does.'' She tells him honestly. ''Do you have many friends at university?'' He asks. ''Only two that I'm close too, others are more like people I see from time to time.'' She says. ''What do you study?'' He asks. ''Children's nursing. Children are so much easier to talk to than adults are and they don't judge you they tell you everything that is on their mind. It's refreshing working with children when I have parents like mine.'' She says taking another sip from her tea. ''What do you do?'' She asks. ''That is amazing.'' He breathes before he reaches into his bag and hands her a pile of small pieces of paper. She gives him a confused look but then looks down to see they all have pieces of writing on them, all written in different ways. ''You're a writer?'' She asks with a smile. ''I'm a poet really. I think of something then ask people to write them down for me.'' He says. ''How come?'' She asks confused. ''I never learned how to write, seems easier for me to ask people to write things for me.'' He says. Olivia smiles at him and begins to read some of the writing. After a few moments, she looks at him baffled. ''These are beautiful, you really are talented.'' She says. ''Thank you, I'm very glad you like my work.'' He says. ''You should ask someone to write a book for you. Full of your poems.'' She suggests to him. He shakes his head. ''Oh no, I could never ask someone to do that for me.'' He says. She smiles at him. ''I'd do it for you, but unfortunately training to be a nurse takes up a lot of time.'' She says. He smiles at her. ''Thank you. When did you say you would take me to the island where the ferry docks?'' He asks. She sighs. ''In two days.'' She says. ''Will your parents not realize that you have taken the boat?'' He asks. ''No, I've already explained that my father is cold hearted and my mother centers her world around herself. She's like a modern day Queen Victoria, she only cares for love and affection off my father and believes me to be a resentment.'' She says with a small laugh. The young man just nods his head. ''I see.'' He breathes. ''Davis Weinberg, amazing lawyer, shitty father. Alexis Weinberg, fantastic gold digger, shitty mother.'' She says downing the rest of her tea. ''Are you finished with that?'' He asks. ''Yes.'' She says. ''Let me take it. I shall wash your dishes while you get dressed.'' He says. Olivia looks down at herself realizing she is still in her dressing gown and blushes. ''Thank you.'' She says handing her mug over to him. ''I won't be long.'' She says. He smiles at her. ''Take your time.'' He says. She smiles at him and begins to make her way up the stairs to her room. Once in there she smiles to herself as she begins to get herself dressed. She then shoves her hair up and puts on a little bit of makeup before she makes her way downstairs to see the young man still washing the dishes in the kitchen. She silently walks inside and begins to dry the dishes next to him. Once they are finished Olivia issues him to follow her. ''I want to show you a place that doesn't make me feel isolated.'' She says walking out the kitchen door. The young man follows her intrigued as Olivia begins to walk into the woods. He had seen the woods, walked through it after he was washed to the shore. However, he continues to follow the girl that intrigued him immensely. They come up to a clearing in the woods where the sun shines through the trees and the grass in long. Long enough for someone to get himself or herself lost in it. ''I have been coming here since I was a girl. Me and mother would spend hours here collecting mushrooms and just spending time together, playing with my dolls or coloring.'' Olivia swoons as she walks around the clearing. ''You loved her didn't you?'' The young man asks. Olivia nods. ''Yes very much she's my mother, I idolized her as a child and then I started to grow up and she changed. I think she resents that I have become an adult. She misses the child I was.'' She says. ''And your father?'' He asks. Olivia's face turns sour. ''He never really showed me affection, only when it suited him. He would help me with my homework and things and until I was ten, he would play with me in our back garden at home. Then he started pulling away, he would tell my mother it was because of work. However, she knew better so she spent as much time with me as possible. Then she lost her little girl.'' She says holding back the tears she can feel coming. ''You still love them though?'' He asks. ''Of course!'' She exclaims. ''How can a daughter not love her own parents. No matter how cruel they are too me, I know they still love me, just in their own way.'' She says sitting down and lifting her face into the suns rays. The young man sits close to her and takes his hand in hers. ''I may have only just met you. However, Olivia I can see that you need love. Your eyes are empty and your soul is too. Your childhood was happy but your adulthood isn't because your parents don't see the amazing woman their daughter has become.'' He says. Olivia looks at him in complete amazement. ''You barely know me and you have managed to read me like a book.'' She says. ''I can read people very well.'' He says with a smile. Olivia looks deep into his eyes. ''If you wrote a poem about me what would you say?'' She asks. He smiles at her and takes her hands. ''I would say that yours eyes are like pools of emptiness that deserve to be filled with happiness. Your soul is lost and it needs to be found. Neglection is your adulthood, love was your childhood. Now there is a spirit that came from afar that has come to save you from the isolation you live.'' Olivia lips part and come together again. '' Mesmerizing.'' She whispers. This young man was beginning to astound her. So what did you guys think? Was this good? Thank you all so much for the reception you are giving this story I am truly greatful! So please keep reviewing, following and favouriting as they are my motivation. Much love, Vmk-xx.[Chapter 5] Take my breath away Chapter 5 Hey, guys! IT'S NORMANS BIRTHDAY! :D :D :D :D Therefore, here is an update for you guys on the beautiful mans birthday! Olivia continued to just stare into the young mans eyes, taking in the beautiful words he had just said to her. ''Are you all right?'' The young man asks her. Olivia comes out of her daze and blinks a few times. ''Yes, sorry that was just so...'' She stops talking bringing her eyes back to the young mans sparkling blue orbs. ''So?'' He questions. ''Accurate, you barely know me and you sum me up in just a few words.'' She says. ''I can read people very well, yet reading you is so interesting. You're special Olivia.'' He breathes brushing his hand down her face. Olivia finds herself leaning into his hand, closing her eyes and sighing. ''Oh.'' She whispers. ''I want to change the look of loss in your eyes.'' He says. ''To what?'' She asks her eyes still closed. The young man begins to play with a piece of her hair. ''To happiness. To love.'' He breathes. This causes Olivia's eyes to fly open. ''What?'' She asks in a whisper. ''I want to get rid of the loss in your eyes and make you happy.'' He says with a small smile. Olivia gulps. ''But you are leaving in two days.'' She whispers. The young mans eyes bore into her. ''Do you want me too?'' He asks. Olivia shakes her head. ''No, for the first time in my adult life I actually feel I am no longer a ghost on this island.'' She whispers. The young man smiles at her and finally removes his hand from her face. ''Let's get back.'' He says standing up. Olivia looks up at him with a look of sadness on her face. ''Okay.'' She says standing up. ''What's wrong?'' He asks concerned. ''I always hate leaving the woods. It means I have to return to the house.'' She says. ''Well your parents aren't there, I will be and I will not ignore you.'' He says. Olivia smiles and loops her arm in his. She feels him stiffen at her touch but he soon relaxes when he looks down into her light blue eyes. This girl was special and he was willing to spend as much time with her as he could. They walk in silence the only noise between them being their shoes slamming into the grass as they make there way back towards Olivia's dungeon Once it comes into view Olivia freezes causing the young man to stop with her. ''Somethings wrong.'' She states. ''What?'' The young man questions. ''Somethings wrong. I have a bad feeling.'' She says. ''You want me to go hide in the outhouse?'' He asks. ''Yes please. I won't be long.'' She says. She unhooks her arm from around his and makes her way towards the main house. She watches as the young man approaches the outhouse with his hands in his pockets. She smiles and walks through the kitchen door to reveal her parents both sitting on the table staring daggers into their daughter. ''Where have you been Olivia?'' Her father's deep voice asks. ''Out.'' She says bluntly. ''You didn't leave a note.'' David spits. ''I thought you were going to be gone for a long time. I didn't feel I needed to leave a note.'' She says beginning to rub her hands down her arms. ''Darling, you don't want me and your father to worry do you?'' Her mother asks. ''I was only in the woods, you weren't here!'' Olivia snaps. ''Do not talk to your mother like that!'' Her father shouts at her. Olivia ducks her head. ''Sorry Dad.'' She breathes. ''Don't say sorry to me!'' He snaps. ''Sorry mum.'' Olivia whispers. ''Look at her when you apologize!'' David shouts. Olivia lifts her head letting a single tear fall. ''I'm sorry mum. I'm sorry I didn't leave a note, It's just when you go golfing you are normally gone for the whole day. I just went for a walk in the woods I didn't expect you to be back.'' She breathes. ''Oh Olivia you self-obsessed girl.'' David hisses. Olivia looks at her father with shock as more tears begin to fall. ''Don't look at me like that young lady! You know you only think of yourself if you didn't you would have left me and your mother a note!'' He booms. ''I'm sorry I wasn't thinking.'' She says. ''As always.'' David says. ''Olivia just go, you have put me and your father through enough. Don't upset us even more.'' Her mother says. Olivia walks past them both her hands shaking. She had a feeling something was wrong and there was. Her parents were home removing her from the bubble she had been in with the young man all day. She walks upstairs still shaking trying to make to the tears stop falling from her eyes. She walks into the bathroom and throws up. This is what her father did to her, made her feel sick to her very core whenever he intimidated her. She let it all out and then whipped her mouth before leaving the bathroom to come face to face with her mother. Olivia just stares at her, ignores her, and walks straight into her room. She breathes out a large breath, she had never been so cold towards her mother before, and that made her feel sick again. However, not in the same way her father made her feel sick. She sighs and begins to change into some more comfortable clothes. She comes downstairs in a tank top and a pair of sweats. She walks straight past her parents who are sat on the sofa by the fire. She smiles at them both weakly, shuffles into the kitchen grabbing herself a glass of water, and sits herself down at the kitchen table. She lets her index finger circle the rim of her glass as she thinks about the way her father had spoken to her. He was treating her like a child that was the only way he knew to speak to her and that angered her. She wasn't a child anymore, but obviously, her father thought different. Olivia then gets up, slips out the kitchen door, and makes her way up towards the outhouse. She wanted to return into her little bubble with the young man. So what did you think? Was this okay? Thank you all so much for the support on this story it means so much to me! Please keep reviewing, following and favouriting as they are my motivation! Love you all, Vmk-xx.[Chapter 6] Take my breath away Chapter 6 Hey there guys! Here's another chapter for you lovely people, enjoy! The young man lies on the bed in the outhouse when he sees Olivia walk in, a glum look on her face and red-rimmed eyes. He doesn't move just watches her as she sits beside him on the bed. She then looks at him with a single tear slowly falling down her face; he moves his hand towards her face and wipes it tenderly away with a single finger. Her expression doesn't change she just stares into his blue eyes. He tilts his head with a sympathetic look on his face. ''You okay?'' He asks gruffly. She shakes her head. ''I didn't leave a note, so my dad shouted at me and called me self-centered.'' She breathes. ''I'm sorry.'' He says taking her hand in his. ''Don't apologize it isn't your fault that my parents pretend to care about my safety.'' She stutters as more tears threaten to fall. The young man begins to stroke her hand, Olivia stares at him fascination clear in her eyes. She watches as he begins to kiss and suck on her hand, his eyes never leaving hers, Olivia holds her breath as his kisses start to travel up her arm. Olivia then becomes more aware as the young mans lips connect with her neck and then her cheek. Her eyes shift to watch what he is doing and then he kisses her slowly. She responds immediately as the young mans hands slide down her hair, but she stays still only letting her lips move. When the young man pulls away, they stare at one another for a long moment and then she stands up. ''I best get back to the house. My parents are already mad at me for disappearing without telling them.'' She says quickly pulling herself together before she runs out the door. The young man wipes his hands down his face watching her ever-shrinking figure run through the night back the house that she calls her prison. He then lies back down on the bed letting images of Olivia invade his mind. / / / / / / / Olivia awakes in the morning with a gasp at the sight of her mother sitting on the end of her bed. She gives Olivia a cold glare as she lifts herself up. ''Yes?'' Olivia asks. ''Darling how are you this morning?'' She asks. Olivia eyes her suspiciously. ''Fine, what do you want mum?'' She asks folding her arms over her chest. ''To talk.'' She says bluntly. ''About what?'' Olivia asks. ''You, how is my little girl?'' She asks giving her a kind smile but her eyes still held coldness. ''I'm not your little girl mum, I'm your teenage daughter who is a student at university studying to make a life for herself so she doesn't have to rely on her rich parents for the rest of her life.'' Olivia answers getting out of bed and wrapping her dressing gown around her. Her mother turns towards and sighs. ''Darling please don't start you will always bee my little girl. We never talk anymore.'' She says. ''And who's fault is that?'' Olivia asks. Her mother sighs again. ''I know darling. I know.'' She breathes. Olivia then turns towards her mother. ''Look mum you know I love you. However, please let's keep our relationship the way it is. You ignoring me and then hiding behind dad when he is cold towards me because for some unknown reason he resents his own daughter!'' She snaps before storming out of her room and running down the stairs straight into the kitchen ignoring her father who is sat in the conservatory his head buried in a newspaper. Olivia rolls her eyes and pours herself some coffee before sitting beside her father, who's eyes don't even twitch. She helps herself to some toast that lies in the middle of the table. ''What are your plans for today Olivia? Going to swan off into the woods without a word?'' David asks her sarcastically. Olivia smirks. ''I'll leave you a note if that's what you want.'' She says. ''I do not appreciate your tone young lady.'' He scolds. Olivia laughs. ''Okay dad whatever.'' She says standing up and heading for the stairs. David glares at her. ''My darling daughter.'' He breathes the sarcasm clear in his voice again. Olivia climbs the stairs two at a time trying not to let the young mans face invade her mind; she couldn't believe he had kissed her last night. It was so tender and soft. No one had ever kissed her like that before he truly intoxicated her. She didn't mean to run out on him she was just shocked by his sudden affection that it scared her and she ran. Like the scared little teenager she was. But she was going to see him again, she couldn't leave him alone. However, it was going to be difficult since she had no idea what her parents were doing with their day. She changes quickly into her clothes of jeans and a baggy jumper before she runs back down the stairs and straight through to the kitchen where she slams the door straight behind her. She runs up to outhouse and unlocks the door quickly before slipping inside to see the young man still asleep on the bed. She tiptoes up to him slowly and leans her head down to his ear. ''Morning.'' She whispers into his ear. She watches as he stirs but still stays asleep so she begins to shake him slowly and then his eyes snap open in surprise and he jumps away from her. Olivia looks at him stunned. ''Oh my, I'm so sorry I scared you.'' She gasps. She watches at the young man tries to calm his breathes. ''It's all right, it's all right.'' He breathes. She smiles at him weakly. ''Did you sleep well?'' She asks. He walks behind her and slips a cigarette into his mouth; she had never seen him smoke before so this surprises her. ''Yes thank you.'' He says taking a drag from his cigarette. Olivia then begins to slowly walk towards the young man and reaches out her hand to delicately stroke it down his face as he continues to smoke his cigarette. ''Sorry.'' She whispers. ''For what?'' He asks. ''Running out after you...'' She stops talking blushing as she relives the memory. The young man smiles softy, taking the cigarette out his mouth, setting it on the side and then he kisses her hand. Olivia doesn't hesitate she moves forward and lets her lips connect with his in a soft embrace. So what did you guys think? Was this good? I hope you enjoyed this chapter because I really did enjoy writing this one! Thank you all so much for the reviews, favourites, and follows they mean so much to me they really do! Please keep them coming they are my motivation. Much love, Vmk-xx.[Chapter 7] Take my breath away Chapter 7 Hello there my beautiful readers! Guess what... NORMAN REEDUS FOLLOWED ME ON TWITTER! :D It was the best moment like ever and such a surprise I couldn't stop crying or shacking! Okay fangirl moment over here is chapter 7 for you people! Olivia could see the mystery in the young mans eyes as she pulled away from him, she stepped away from him as she tried to get her breath back. She looks at him with flushed cheeks. ''Surely that should get me your name.'' She says. The young man stares at her before he steps towards her and caresses her face. ''You would think so wouldn't you?'' He whispers. Olivia blushes. ''You really are a mystery.'' She breathes. The young man gives her a small smile. ''And that's how I want it to stay.'' He whispers again. She smiles at him. ''Then I shall call you Mystery, if you won't tell me your real name.'' She says. The young man sniggers. ''Have it however you want Olivia.'' He says her name huskily. Olivia finds herself staring admiringly into his eyes at the way he said her name. Oh, how she wanted her name to be spoken that way every time she heard it. It made her stomach do crazy things and made her skin tingle. Olivia felt like she was in such a beautiful place when he was around her. ''I must go mystery, otherwise my mother and father will become suspicious.'' She says. He looks at her blankly. ''You have planned for me to leave the island tomorrow.'' He says. Olivia feels a stabbing feeling in her chest. ''You don't have to leave then.'' She says. ''I don't want to trouble you.'' He says. Olivia laughs. ''You are no trouble to me. You're just a mystery.'' She says with a wide smile as she makes her way towards the door. He follows after as she closes and locks the door behind her. He leans against the door his cigarette now back in his mouth. He smiles at her as he blows smoke on the window causing her to laugh. Olivia waves at him before she runs down to the house, once inside she places herself on the sofa and begins to watch the television. She was sat on her own for a while before her father enters the room. ''Nice to see you are doing something productive Olivia.'' Her father says harshly. ''I'm off dad, there is no need to do anything productive.'' She says with a smile. ''Oh there's that attitude again, Olivia I do wish you spoke to me properly.'' He says. Olivia keeps her eyes glued to the television. ''I do dad you just wish to ignore every kind thing I say to you.'' She says. David looks at his daughter with shock. ''Well nice to see you are in a pleasant mood today dear.'' He says before walking away. Olivia places a cushion over her face and laughs to herself as she continues to watch telly. She then feels fingers begin to run through her hair and lips press against her head. She sighs. ''Mum, what do you want?'' She asks. Her mother walks around the sofa and stands in front of her daughter. ''Can I not show my daughter some affection?'' She asks. Olivia rolls her eyes. ''Yes of course. However, with you I know you don't mean it.'' She says with venom in her voice. Alexis sighs. ''Oh Olivia how you underestimate me, why do you think that I don't care about you?'' She asks. Olivia stands up from the sofa and turns the television off ignoring her mother's presence for a while. She then looks at her mother, meeting her identical eyes. She offers her a small smile before she runs up to her room collapsing onto her bed, her body shaking as she does. She was finally finding comfort in a man that was no longer a stranger to her. She knew nothing about him, yet she still found herself drawn to him and it felt good. Yet the affection her mother had just shown her caused her skin to crawl and her blood to run cold. She didn't like it. She lifts herself up off her bed and looks at herself in her vanity mirror that stands by the side of her window. Her skin was pale, but her eyes had a slight brightness in them and she knew that was because of the man that she had now named mystery. He was doing what he promised bringing happiness into her eyes. Yet her soul was still lost and she knew it. She would never find her soul if she kept coming back to the island that held her loving childhood. If she wanted to become her own person, she would have to leave her parents behind and take the young man with her when she did. ''Oh Mystery what are you doing to me.'' She whispers to herself. Her door then slams open startling her. Olivia turns to see the furious face of her father. ''Olivia you want to tell me why there is a strange man housing himself in the outhouse!'' He booms. Olivia looks at him with shock. ''I have no idea what you are talking about.'' She stutters standing up. David glares at his daughter. ''Yes you do Olivia, don't you dare lie to me!'' He spits. Olivia sighs and ducks her head, her father's empowerment breaking her. ''I found him in the woods. He needed my help.'' She says refusing to meet her father's eyes. ''What makes you think you can house a strange man on your mothers island!?'' He hisses. Olivia lifts her head. ''He needed my help!'' Olivia hisses. ''Well he's clearly had your help since when I found him taking a shower! Making himself at home clearly! Get him off this island!'' David shouts his eyes filled with fire. She glares at David. ''No!'' She shouts. Olivia watches as her father approaches her, but before he can grab her arm, she takes off running towards the stairs. She hears her father following her quickly. She doesn't look back letting the adrenaline run through her veins. Well there you go you lovely people! I hope you enjoyed this chapter! Thank you so much for the reviews, follows and favourites they mean so much to me! So please keep them coming as they are my motivation! Much love, Vmk-xx.[Chapter 8] Take my breath away Chapter 8 Hello dear people! Sorry it's been a while! Been trying to think of where to go with this chapter! Plus, I had a lot to think about lately so my heads been a little messed up! However, it's clear now so here's a new chapter for you all! Please enjoy... Bang, bang, bang, go Olivia's feet as she runs down the stairs, once she reaches the bottom she bolts through the living room and kitchen. She hear's her mother shouting at her and her father as she storms out the kitchen door. Her father shouting her name as Olivia slams the door in his face. Then she hears two pairs of voices shouting out to her, her mothers running after her now too. She can hear her father hard breaths getting closer, she urges herself on until she reaches the door of the outhouse. However, before she can open the door, her father shoves her against it and takes a firm hold of her wrists to keep her still. ''David, what are you doing? Let her go!'' Olivia hears her mother shout at her father. David just glares at Alexis. ''Do you know why we've hardly seen our daughter?'' He questions Alexis, who shakes her head. ''She's been galavanting around with a strange man and housing him in our outhouse!'' He growls. ''It's not like that!'' Olivia shouts through tears as David's hand tighten around her wrists. ''David stop! Let her explain! You are hurting her!'' Alexis screams. David sighs and let's go of Olivia's wrists. Olivia cautiously moves herself away from the door, revealing mystery who is stood on the other side, a dark expression on his face. Alexis gasps and stares at her daughter, the shock covering her face and reaching her eyes. ''Olivia what have you done?'' Alexis hisses. ''He needed help.'' Olivia says through tears. ''Yeah and after you helped him, you didn't send him away? How long has he been here?'' Alexis asks. ''He had nowhere else to go and he's been here a week.'' Olivia stutters. David glares at his daughter. ''A week? Oh, Olivia I truly admire the trust you have in us.'' He spits. Olivia glares at her parents. ''Trust? Trust? What trust do we have? You don't even acknowledge my presence anymore! He's the only one to do that in six years! You two are so wrapped up in one another that you neglect your own daughter!'' She shouts as the tears begin to fall more. David and Alexis look at her taken aback. ''Darling what are you talking about?'' Alexis asks. Mystery comes out of the house then, he looks David and Alexis up and down before he looks at Olivia with a soft smile. He takes her hand and squeezes it tightly. ''Ever since you realised I wasn't a child anymore, you stopped spending time with me! The island isn't even my home anymore, it's a prison. I come here with you and I spend all my time alone in the woods or sat in front of the fire. You aren't even my parents anymore; you're just two people that live in the same house as me! Ever since I went to university, you hardly utter a word to me! It hurts you know! Knowing that your own parents resent your every moment, why do you hate me so much?'' Olivia asks them. ''This young man here.'' She says looking at mystery. ''He has made me feel wanted again, made me happy while I'm on the island. He's captured my soul and started to heal it!'' Olivia screams. They both look at her with shock. ''Honey we don't hate you.'' Alexis says. ''Yes you do! Everyday mum we used to go into those woods and look for mushrooms when I was a little girl, now I do it alone because you are too busy with dad! You're both so self centered! You didn't even care when I got a first at the end of my first year in university!'' She shouts. David glares at his daughter. ''Darling of course we cared, we are so proud of you.'' He says and Olivia see's her mother nod her head, clearly holding back tears. ''Well you didn't seem to show it! Yet in a week, this lovely compassionate man has shown me more affection that you have since I turned thirteen!'' She shouts. Mystery takes Olivia's hand and kisses it, causing her to blush; he then turns to Olivia's parents. ''I'm sorry about this, Olivia was just helping me and I decided to help her. Your daughter really is an amazing woman.'' He says smiling shyly. David nods his head. ''Well thank you for telling us something my wife and me are already aware of. I guess you can stay in the outhouse whilst my wife and I have a discussion with our daughter.'' He says. Mystery nods his head, he takes out a cigarette and walks away from the three of them, nodding and smiling at Olivia as he does. ''Come on young lady inside the house, I think we have a lot to talk about.'' He says. Alexis approaches her daughter shyly and puts an arm around her as they walk down to the house. Olivia drys her tears as they enter the house and all sit down at the kitchen table. Olivia crosses her arms over her chest as Alexis begins to talk. ''Now honey we never wanted you to feel neglected it's just that we know you aren't our little girl anymore and we know teenagers like their space...'' Alexis is cut off. ''But that doesn't mean you completely ignore me! I still need my mum and dad, even if I'm hardly at home anymore, I still need you.'' Olivia says. ''Is that why you kept that young gentleman around? Because you wanted some company?'' Alexis asks. Olivia looks at her mother coldly. ''Yes he actually paid me some attention and enjoyed my company. I like him mum, he kissed me.'' She whispers. David slams his fist into the table. ''He what? Oh my, darling our daughters turning into a hussy.'' He exclaims. ''Dad really? You want to start acting like my dad now?'' Olivia asks him. ''Oh look she's learned how to back chat too.'' David swoons. Olivia rolls her eyes. ''I have feelings for a man I've known for a week dad, I'm a girl we do that.'' She snaps at him. ''Oh Olivia, you're a smart girl, don't be so naive!'' He snaps. ''Well can you blame me for being naive He's been showing me attention; making me feel like I'm important and wanted, all because I showed him some compassion and let him stay on the island. This week has been the best week I've had for the past six years because I've been spending time with someone who really does take my breath away.'' She says. ''Oh look darling our daughters all love struck, how lovely.'' David says dryly. ''Honey how can you be sure that he likes you too?'' Alexis asks her. Olivia's eyes go wide. ''Were you not just listening to me? He kissed me! We have a connection!'' She shouts. ''A connection with a random stranger who conveniently turns up on a private island!'' David snaps. Olivia sighs. ''You really don't understand do you.'' She hisses. ''We are trying to Olivia, it's just hard for us to understand that a man you've known for a week is showing you more attention than me and your father.'' Alexis says. Olivia shakes her head. ''You two are impossible.'' She growls standing up. ''Oh she's about to go for a run again.'' David says. ''Shut up David!'' Alexis shouts at her husband. ''Olivia where are you going?'' She asks her as Olivia heads for the stairs. ''To pack my things, I'm leaving this island and never coming back!'' She shouts. Boom! Hehe! I hope you guys liked this chapter (: Thank you so much for the reviews, favourites and follows! They mean so much and are my motivation! Love you all, much love, Vmk-xx.[Chapter 9] Take my breath away Chapter 9 Hey guys! Here is another chapter for you! I hope you enjoy! She turns her back on her parents, who both stare at her with bewilderment. She walks silently up the stairs, pulls her suitcase from underneath her bed, and begins to shove all her clothes blindly into it. She slams her suitcase shut with great satisfaction before she pulls her duffle back from the top of her wardrobe. She takes it into her bathroom and puts all her toiletries within it, and then she runs back into her room and puts all her personal belongings within the duffle bag. She was really doing this, leaving the island for good. She looks around her room, which has now lost her personal touch. She smiles, relieved that she has finally plucked up the courage to clear her presence out of the room she saw as her escape for the past six years. Pulling her suitcase off of her bed and slinging her duffle bag over her shoulder, she leaves. She cautiously walks down the stairs to see her parents still sat at the kitchen table and to her amazement, her mother is crying. Olivia makes her way towards the front door and taking a deep breath she walks out of her prison. The place she used to call her home. She walks up towards the outhouse, she sees mystery, leaning against the outhouse, a cigarette in his hand, and his bag slung over his shoulder She smiles at him and he smiles back, but then he looks at her confused as she pulls her suitcase up the hill. ''Olivia what are you doing?'' He asks her. Olivia chuckles. ''I am finally leaving this place behind, care to join me?'' She asks. He pulls his cigarette out his mouth. ''That depends, where we heading?'' He asks. Olivia dangles a set of keys in front of him. ''Wherever you want to go, I have the keys to my dads boat.'' She says coyly. Mystery shakes his head. ''We best get going then.'' He says. Olivia sighs and takes his hand. ''Not yet come on inside the outhouse.'' She says dragging him inside. Mystery caresses her face. ''You sure you want to leave this all behind?'' He asks her softly. Olivia takes a hold of the hand holding her face. ''I need to, you have managed to take away the loneliness here, but if I am truly able to become the person I aspire to be. I need to leave this place behind and that includes my parents.'' She says. ''I see a fire in your eyes, the mist is gone.'' He breathes. Olivia smiles. ''All because of you. In this past week I've really fallen for you mystery.'' Olivia admits. Mystery brings his blue eyes in line with Olivia's. ''I know, you've captivated my heart too Olivia.'' He whispers. ''I like your face.'' He whispers lower this time. Olivia feels herself blush. ''You really want to come away with me?'' She asks. ''You may call me mystery, but your life is a mystery to me too, I'd like to see that.'' He says. She smiles. ''Let's go back to England and live a life my parents will never see.'' She says. The young man leans in and kisses up Olivia's jaw before he connects his lips with hers; they kiss for a long moment, Olivia getting lost in his touch as she places her hands nervously on his thighs. He let's her breathe beginning to suck on her neck, Olivia's breathless, oh what this man did to her. The kiss then stops and they leave the outhouse, hand in hand, only to be met by Alexis and David. ''Olivia, please don't do this, this man is a stranger, we are your parents we know you better than anyone. Please.'' Alexis begs her through tears. Olivia shakes her head. ''No you know the child Olivia, the girl who used to look up to you both like you were the most amazing people in the world. Now the adult Olivia looks at you with despair and hate. I despise the both of you. You have neglected your own daughter for the past six years. I've had enough.'' She says. ''Come on darling stop being a drama queen and just come inside. Stop being such a spoilt brat!'' David snaps at her. Olivia scoffs. ''Spoilt brat? Ha! I've never acted spoilt my entire life! Woo! My parents have money, but I never took advantage of it, you did!'' She snaps. ''And you still do now!'' She hisses. Alexis tries to grab her daughters arm but Olivia simply shoves her off. ''Don't touch me!'' She shouts. ''Just let me go! The moment you two are out of my life, I will be able to live my life the way I want too! I won't have to worry about dad's patronizing stare anymore or you as a self-centered mum! I'll be free, my own women!'' She shouts. ''Please Olivia.'' Alexis tries to beg. ''No mum, you lost me a long time ago, I just chose to come back to see if you two would finally realize that I'm here every holiday with you. This young man here has shown me that I can be my own person and feel loved and be loved because he is my light. You and dad are my darkness.'' She says placing a hand on mystery's chest as she does. ''Do you have anything to say?'' Alexis asks the young man. ''You're taking our daughter away from us, come on say something!'' She screams. Olivia looks into mysteries eyes and he smiles, before his face becomes dark as he directs his gaze towards David and Alexis. ''She's said it all, your daughter is an incredible woman and I'm sorry you two never paid attention to that, now you have to live with this. She's leaving with me because we have a connection and I've made her feel, feelings she should have felt about you two for the past six years but she hasn't because you've acted as if you have no daughter. She loves you, she always will, but there is a thin line between love and hate. You've lost her because you always returned her love with hate. I thank you for producing Olivia because now I get to spend as much time with her as she wants. She's leaving because it's what's best for her.'' He says. David glares at the man. ''How dare you!'' He snaps. '' You've known our daughter a week and you think you can just stand there with her, acting like you really care about her and tell us that about our daughter!'' He booms running for the young man before Alexis pulls him back. ''David don't, he's right. We have neglected her, she needs to go and live her life. We need to let that little girl go that we cling too and let her grow into a woman without us. She doesn't need us any more honey.'' Alexis stutters staring straight into her daughters eyes. ''He can't just take her away from us!'' David shouts. ''Dad please let me go.'' Olivia says. ''But you're my little girl, I can't do that Livvy.'' David says using the nickname he used to call Olivia when she was tiny. Olivia takes in a shaky breathe. ''Daddy please, realize your mistakes and let me live my own life. I'll become a nurse, maybe one day I will return here. However, I won't be your little girl. I'll be Olivia your grown up daughter who promises to make you proud.'' She says through tears. David nods his head in defeat. ''Goodbye my darling star.'' He says. ''Goodbye dad.'' Olivia breathes, climbing onto the boat after mystery. ''Olivia, Te amo.'' Her mother says. ''Te amo mum, Te amo dad.'' Olivia says. Then she starts up the boat and she and Mystery drive away. Half way through the journey Mystery turns to her. ''My names Danny.'' He says. Olivia smiles. ''Well Danny, thank you for coming into my life and showing me that in order to leave your past behind, you have to see your future.'' Well we are coming to an end on this story! However, not quite yet my lovelies! Thank you all so much for the reviews, follows, and favourites! One or two more chapters should do it! I really want to develop Olivia and Young man (now named Danny) before I end the story. Much love and hugs, Vmk-xx. ","Summary":" Take my breath away Chapter 1 Hi there! Well after watching 'Dark Harbor', I just fell in love with"}]