[{"Movie":"Pirates! Band of Misfits","Title":"It's About Time","Author":"sherlockgirl1234","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10646566","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Habia sido un dia bastante tormentoso como para salir de la Isla de la Sangre. De hecho, la marea habia subido 15 centimetros , lo cual era algo peligroso. Mientras tanto, dentro de la taberna, el Capitan tomaba una cerveza en tragos, el Pirata Albino jugaba a las adivinanzas con el Pirata con Gota, el Pirata de las Curvas Sorprendentes pensaba mirando como las burbujas de su cerveza subian hasta formar la espuma, y Numero 2 miraba a la gente, apoyando ambas manos en la mesa, sin beber un trago de su cerveza. -Nuemro 2, ¿Porque tan serio? Se que la tormenta va a durar varios dias, pero eso no debe afectar tu mal humor supongo.- trato de animar el capitan a su segundo al mando. -Lo se señor, pero tengo la inquietud de que algo va a pasar, y no va a ser bueno...- contesto con tono severo -Bueno, lo mejor sera que dejes de pensarlo, ya sabes lo que dicen: \"Mientras mas lo piensas, mas se vuelve real\" ¿O me equivoco?.- -Tiene razon, debo despejarme...- -Que bien que pienses asi!.- se alegro enseguida el capitan.- Ademas, ya se a donde ir para pasar las penas.- La mirada del capitan se volvio picara junto con su sonrisa, y Dos lo miro con cierta desconfianza, pero pronto la oculto con una sonrisa timida. Ya era mas de media noche cuando se decidieron a escapar del barco, bajando con cuidado el tablon hacia la calle. Mujeres se ocultaban entre la oscuridad de los medio callejones del muelle, y los incitaban a ir hacia ellas, con voces roncas, pidiendoles dinero a cambio de otras cosas. Dos las miro por un momento con desconfianza, para despues voltear al capitan, que las veia casi babeando, pero pronto volvio a si cuando vio al frente su destino; por asi decirlo, el bar mas importante en cuestion de prostitucion de todos los muelles: \"La Dama de Negro\". El capitan le dio un par de cupones al giganton de la puerta y los dejo entrar, mirandolos con cierta desconfianza, mas a Dos, que a su parecer, se veria como un pequeño niño en una junta de grandes. -Capitan, deberiamos volver al barco.- insistio Dos caminando a su lado en un largo pasillo iluminado por velas. -Pero que dices Dos, ¿no querias relajarte?.- respondio el capitan sin mirarlo. -Si, pero no de esta manera!.- -Ya ya ya, pues estamos aqui, ya, ¿que quieres hacer? ¿Salir de aqui corriendo como niña? Ya Dos...- dijo abriendo un par de cortinas.- !Respira el momento!.- Al momento, un bar lleno de algunos hombres mirando con asombro y lujuria a una mujer que bailaba seductoramente en un escenario, Dos desvio la mirada, pero a donde volteara habia solo una cosa: prostitutas y sexo. Por fin, decidieron sentarse en los bancos de la barra, el capitan seguia mirando a la señorita en el escenario mientras Dos se hayaba de espaldas a esa abobinacion. El siempre habia visto a la mujer como una dama dulce, elegante, amable, gentil, como una dama, pero lo que estaba en el escenario y a sus alrededores no era como ver una dama; era ver a una tipa, a una alimaña, a una serpiente o enredadera, solo a una mujerzuela. -Que le sirvo?.- le pregunto el hombre que servia la barra. -Umm...Una cerveza.- contesto Dos timidamente. -Y su compañero?- -Creo que no quiere nada.- El mesero lo miro una ultima vez y sirvio un tarro de cerveza , para luego llevarla a su lugar, Dos lo miro y luego miro a la cerveza, por asi decirlo, disfrutaba mas ver como subian las burbujas de su bebida que ver lo que estaba a sus espaldas. La noche ya casi cesaba, la marea habia bajado y el capitan aun no llegaba al barco, sinceramente, al segundo al mando le preocupaba demasiado que el capitan llegara a las horas que se le antojasen, por culpa de eso, un dia zarparon media hora tarde de lo acontecido y una tormenta los abatio en mar abierto, perdiendo a dos hombres y casi al Pirata que le gustan los gatitos y las puestas de sol. Subio a la cubierta y miro el mar desde el balcon; pacifico, siempre asi. Dio la vuelta para mirar el muelle, asegurandose de que el capitan ya venia a la vuelta de la esquina, arreglandose la camisa o tambaleandose a causa de la cerveza. Pero lo unico que vio, fue a una mujer vestida de negro corriendo hacia la direccion del barco, Dos se agacho para ver entre los barrotes del barandal de madera. La mujer se detuvo frente al barco, quitandose la gorra de su aparente capa, dejando ver la sangre que escurria de su nariz hasta debajo de su cuello. Ella volteo hacia atras asegurandose de que nadie la siguiera, para luego mirar el cielo claro aun con estrellas y dejar caer un par de lagrimas de sus ojos Dos la miraba impresionado, pues, de hecho jamas habia visto a una mujer asi, a una joven tan bella y hermosa. A el no le importaba que tuviera sangre en su rostro o que llorara, aun asi seguia siendo hermosa. La joven camino aun volteando hacia atras, chocando con un hombre de robusto cuerpo y alta estatura. -A donde te diriges, \"mi señora\"?.- le dijo tomandola fuertemente del brazo en tono de burla. La chica lo miraba aterrada, casi paralizada de miedo, iba a gritar cuando otro hombre, este mas fuerte le tapo la boca, le agarro la cintura, mientras el otro hombre la tomaba tambien por la cintura, y ambos hacian movimientos obsenos, la joven intentaba gritar, pero la mano gruesa del hombre robusto no lo permitia. Dos los miraba totalmente asqueado, pero se armo de valor y se levanto de se escondite, para dirigirse hacia ellos. -Hey!.- grito desde el barco.- !¿Que creen que estan haciendo?¡- -¿Que? ¿Acaso no nos podemos divertir con esta lindura?.- dijo el robusto, llevando su mano de la cintura a su parte intima, haciendola estremecerse. -No haga eso!- -Veeme...- El robusto empezo a volver a hacer esos movimientos, tocandola y besandole el cuello, mientras que con la otra seguia tapando su boca, provocando al segundo al mando. Al llegar al tope de su toleracion, saco su arma y apunto sin piedad al hombre delante del otro, al cual le disparo, el tipo cayo frente al robusto, el cual saco su espada y se la clavo a la joven en el abdomen, aventandola a un lado y corriendo hacia el lado contrario. Dos corrio hacia la joven, tirando la pistola a un lado, la ayudo a levantarse y la llevo dentro del barco. ","Summary":" Habia sido un dia bastante tormentoso como para salir de la Isla de la Sangre. De hecho, la marea h"},{"Movie":"Pirates! Band of Misfits","Title":"Insomnia","Author":"Old-Movies-Shipper","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12912007","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Pirate Captain and the Pirate with a Scarf were discussing about if they should or should not try to enter the \"Pirate of The Year\" thing again. But the Pirate with a Scarf was so tired that he barely could pay attention on his captain words. \"I am really willing to win this year but Bellamy would probably do something to take me off again and-\" the Pirate Captain stopped his sentence when he saw the look of his mate's face \"Are you okay, Number Two?\" asked the captain, getting closer to the Pirate with a Scarf, who stood in the same place almost looking like a zombie. \"Oh, I-\" started the scarfed pirate but nearly stopped, letting go a loud sigh \"I'm sorry, Sir. I haven't got enough sleep on those days…\" \"Oh, is that so?\" asked the Pirate Captain, letting go of the worry about his mate \"Then we should continue this talk later, go get some sleep, Number Two\" he added, placing a hand on his friend's shoulder and smiling sweetly at him. \"There's a… problem, sir\" answered the Pirate with a Scarf, barely looking the elder men in the eyes, both because of shyness and because his eyelids were too heavy for him to look up \"Even if I'm really tired, I cannot sleep. My eyes won't shut and I just keep staring at the ceiling doing nothing at all\" explained him. The Pirate Captain let go a \"hm\" and started thinking of ways to help his mate. His expression jumped in happiness as he had an idea \"Come here, Number Two\" said the captain, opening his arms as suggesting a hug. The scarfed pirate looked at him in confusion, what in the world has he though of? But with not much questioning, the Pirate with a Scarf moved slowly into the Pirate Captain's direction, looked at him in the face (with a little blush since their faces were really close) and the Pirate Captain just pulled him for a hug, as he has though. But the Pirate Captain made the scarfed pirate lean his head on his shoulder and just started… stroking his hair? \"What… are you doing, sir?\" asked the Pirate with a Scarf, being incredibly confused but at the same time, feeling an urge temptation to sleep. \"I'm trying to make you sleep, Number two\" answered the Pirate Captain, still stroking the hair of his mate. \"B-but, why? I mean… why like this , though?\" \"Because you always do that to me when I can't sleep\" the Captain answered and the Pirate with a Scarf remember. Oh yes, he always did that when his captain couldn't sleep and when he did, in a few minutes the elder man would be peacefully asleep. The scarfed pirate just let the man do what he was doing, they stand in there, hugging each other in the middle of the captain's cabin. After some minutes, the Pirate Captain noticed that his mate was too quiet. \"Number Two?\" asked the man, carefully turning his head to see the scarfed pirate fast-asleep on his shoulder. He woke up making an \"huh\" sound and getting his head up from the captain's shoulder. \"I'm sorry, sir…\" said the half-asleep pirate, rubbing his eyes trying to take the sleep away from them \"I guess I'll just go to bed now…\" \"Then I'll go with you!\" \"What?\" The captain's reply came as some surprise and the Pirate with a Scarf could not help but stare the man in the eyes, both still very close to each other. \"Calm down, I'll just stroke your hair until you fall asleep completely\" said the Pirate Captain letting out a chuckle after, with his hands holding carefully the Pirate with a Scarf's arms. \"Oh, o-okay then?\" replied the scarfed pirate, finally letting go of their hug and making his way to his own cabin, with Pirate Captain calmly following him. The Pirate with a Scarf laid slowly on his hammock (he was after all, still feeling like a zombie) and the Pirate Captain entered the room carefully, not making too much noise. He took his hat off and sat beside the scarfed pirate's hammock. \"Why don't you just… lay here too?\" asked the Pirate with a Scarf with some embarrassment, after one minute or so of silence. \"You don't mind?\" asked the captain, receiving a nod of no and a sweet smile as answer. He got up and took his coat and boots off and carefully made his way on the hammock. Getting welcomed with a hug, he continued doing what he stared minutes ago, stroking the Pirate with a Scarf's hair and returning the hug from him. After five minutes or more of hugging and hair-stroking, the Pirate Captain gently placed a kiss on the forehead of his lover and started trying to sleep too. But still, caressing the other man's hair. ","Summary":" Pirate Captain and the Pirate with a Scarf were discussing about if they should or should not try t"},{"Movie":"Pirates! Band of Misfits","Title":"At the End of the Rainbow","Author":"ninewood","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12563359","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Are you serious?!\" the Pirate Captain asked as Charles Darwin stood next to him and the wind moved through their hair. Charles had been looking at the colourful rainbow that was arching over the ship when the Pirate Captain saw it and announced to the crew that they were off to find the gold at the end of the rainbow. \"Yes, I am afraid there is no gold at the end of the rainbow. It is just a prism anomaly caused by the sun's rays shining on the water vapor in the sky.\" Charles said. \"Blast,\" he said and slowly walked away. ","Summary":" \"Are you serious?!\" the Pirate Captain asked as Charles Darwin stood next to him and the wind mov"},{"Movie":"Pirates! Band of Misfits","Title":"The Wedding","Author":"I'm-all-about-FNAF","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9801284","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Although only a year had passed since the Pirate Captain had proposed to the Pirate with a Scarf, it felt like a whole lifetime for the two of them. They both longed for their wedding day with every inch of their beings, and the twelve long months seemed to drag out for so long, that it almost felt to them that their big day would never come. Needless to say, the crew, who were just as excited for them as they were, felt the exact same way. Their usual piratical activities, , singing shanties or getting into arguments on a specific subject, only for said argument to get out of hand and end up turning into a bloody battle did help take their minds off of it now and then. However, when they got back to making arrangements for the upcoming wedding, their excitement was always immediately rekindled. Thankfully, because this would take place on the boat, there weren't many arrangements needed to be made. The first thing was to work out who would officiate their union. Normally, on a ship, that would've been the captain's duty, but because the Pirate Captain was the one that was soon to be married, they all agreed that that might be a bit hard. So they decided to sail to the Galapagos Islands, where they had dropped off their scientist friend, Charles Darwin on their adventure with scientists a year before. When they had first met him, one of the things they had learned about him was that his father had sent him to Cambridge to train to be a minister. That was, however, before he had set sail for his scientific expedition on the HMS Beagle . Although he had not yet been ordained (and probably never would be, since he was so caught up in his work), but they still hoped that he would still have had enough training to conduct a wedding, and that, as their friend, he would be more willing to perform such a ceremony for two men. At first, when speaking about it to the Pirate with a Scarf, the Pirate Captain was a little unsure about the idea himself, remembering that his beloved first mate and the scientist didn't exactly see eye to eye. However, the younger pirate reassured him that it would've been just fine, since he had already forgiven him for all the trouble he had caused them. Upon their arrival the Galapagos, they spoke with the little scientist (who had finally found love with one of the native ladies there), and much to their delight, he agreed. Once that had been taken care of, they set sail again so that the rest of the arrangements could be made. The next ship they plundered was a Royal Navy ship. It was a very gutsy move they made that day, even if all they took were the nice looking gilt chairs which the crew would use for the ceremony. However, they all pulled through and made it back safely back onto their own ship before sailing off, managing not to lose anyone in the process. They could easily just have used the chairs that were in the dining room below decks, but they all thought that they were too old and worn to be used on a special occasion such as this. They also plundered some boats transporting various foods to different countries, taking whatever they liked for the sumptuous feast which would take place after the ceremony. After that, they sailed back to Blood Island, where the Pirate Captain spoke to his tailor and commissioned a white pirate hat and coat for him to wear on the day. He also asked for a white Navy uniform and tricorne hat similar to the regular blue uniform and hat the Pirate with a Scarf normally wore. He then bought the wedding rings from a jeweller's shop there, two silver bands each with a pearl, one white and one black, mounted atop them by an ornate silver owl's foot. Yes, the arrangements were very few and seemed to take very little time. However, the pirates were still very satisfied once it had all been prepared, especially since some of them were done so in the traditional piratical way. The Pirate Captain and the Pirate with a Scarf were both especially happy with it all; it definitely looked to them that they'd be having the marvellous traditional pirate wedding they had both been dreaming of ever since the night the Captain made his proposal to the first mate. Soon, the evening on which the Pirate Captain and the Pirate with a Scarf would be married had finally arrived. The first mate was standing in the middle of his cabin, where he had stayed all day, spending plenty of time to get himself ready. The reason why he had not once set foot out of his cabin all day was because that all the pirates felt that it would be bad luck for he and the Captain to see each other before the ceremony. He was dressed in his new white uniform, just staring at the door, shaking all over and his heart beating unusually fast. For a while, excited though he was that he and his beloved Captain's big day had finally arrived, he simply just could not bring himself to step forward towards said door. He hadn't been as nervous as this since that St. Valentine's Day when he was just about to give the Captain his \"World's Best Captain\" mug. He was having another one of his anxiety moments again. Despite the fact that they all had agreed that this wedding would be secret, known only amongst themselves, he still couldn't seem to shake the fear of what would happen should anybody else find out. Was a union between two male pirates something the Pirate King would allow? If not, what grizzly fate would befall them both if even so much of a hint of their marriage had come to light? He remembered how carelessly the Pirate Captain had blown their cover after having just won 1st Prize for Best Scientific Discovery during their adventure with scientists, another reckless act which almost cost him his life. Could he really go through with this? If anything were to happen to his dear Captain, the Pirate with a Scarf would surely never get over it, especially if he was partially responsible for it for agreeing to such a marriage. However, he soon shook his head to try and clear these dark thoughts out of his mind. Of course he would go through with it. If not for himself, but for his Captain and for his crew, who had all been looking forward to this day and who were all up on deck waiting for them both to show up. Despite his fears, he didn't think he had the heart to disappoint them all by backing down, especially at the very last minute. Neither did he think he could break the Captain's heart in such a fashion. He decided he would just have to trust their promise to keep this all a secret. Well, Scarf, old boy , he thought to himself. You'd better get yourself out there now. Can't keep your friends waiting up there. Neither can you leave your Captain hanging like this. Taking a deep breath to try and calm himself down, he walked straight up to the door and opened it. Stepping out into the corridor, he was met with the Pirate Captain himself, standing next to the stairs which led up to the top deck. He was clad in his new white coat and hat, holding his hands behind his back. When the Pirate with a Scarf caught the Pirate Captain's eye, he turned to face him and smiled lovingly. \"Ah, there you are, Number Two,\" he said. \"I was starting to think you wouldn't show up.\" It was at that moment that the Pirate with a Scarf felt all his fears and doubts suddenly leaving him, only to be replaced with utter joy and excitement. He simply couldn't seem to help the smile which crossed his own face as he fought the temptation to just run up to the elder pirate and wrap his arms around him there and then. Instead, he just laughed and began making his way towards his fiancé. His heart rate started to increase in speed again as each step he took brought him closer to the moment they had both been waiting eagerly for for months, the moment in which they would be joined together in a proper piratical union. \"Oh, nothing can keep me away at this moment in time, sir,\" the first mate answered, just before finally reaching his beloved Captain's side. The Captain chuckled. \"Well, that's good to know,\" he said, still smiling. Reaching a hand out, he then asked, \"Well, are you ready, Number Two?\" His smile having now gotten wider, the Pirate with a Scarf just stared lovingly back at his fiancé. He found then that he no longer cared about what most of society thought about the concept of love between two people of the same gender, and certainly not the pirating fraternity either, or even what He upstairs thought for that matter. He decided then not to let anything, not even his own fears, get in the way of this wonderful day. Reaching out, he took the Pirate Captain's hand and answered, \"Yes, Captain. I'm ready.\" The weather indeed was perfect for such an evening as this. The sun had just set below the horizon, but there was still that glow of orange and yellow at the bottom half of the sky, which merged with that of the top half, whose violet hue gradually got darker as it went up. Thankfully, because they were still in the Pacific, the air wasn't cold, just pleasantly cool, and a light breeze blew through the sails of the ship, which sailed slowly and easily through the calm, sapphire blue ocean. The pirates were all seated on either side of the isle, talking excitedly amongst themselves as they waited for the happy couple to come up on deck. Well, they were really discussing what the best bit about weddings was. \"The best bit about weddings,\" said the Pirate with Gout. \"Is the dancing.\" \"That's rubbish!\" replied the Albino Pirate. \"It's the vows. The vows are easily the best bit about weddings.\" \"It's the wedding cake!\" said the Pirate Who Likes Sunsets and Kittens. \"The throwing of the bouquet!\" said the Surprisingly Curvaceous Pirate. \"That's what I like best.\" \"The kiss!\" said the Pirate with a Hook for a Hand. \"The speeches!\" said the Pirate with an Accordion. Normally, discussions such as this would get out of hand and turn into violent fights, with bits of pirate flying everywhere. However, because they didn't want to ruin the Pirate Captain and the Pirate with a Scarf's big day in such a grizzly fashion, they managed to control themselves and kept this discussion as civil as possible. The railings were lined with lit candles, over which the Pirate Who Likes Sunsets and Kittens had put his inflatable puffer fish lanterns, casting glows of various colours all over the deck. This, from a distance, would've caused the top deck of the ship to glow in the slowly darkening horizon. A long ribbon of white silk was also tied in a bow round the bottom of each lantern. Charles was standing at the altar in front of the door to the Pirate Captain's office, reading over the unusual script the Pirate Captain had written on the back of a bit of squid carcass for him to recite. He was hoping to use the traditional script from his Bible, but the Pirate Captain had insisted that this was the one he wanted the scientist to read out. Knowing that it was pointless to try and persuade the Pirate Captain once he had made up his mind, Charles had decided to say no more of it and just went along with it. He also made sure that his trusty Man-panzee companion, Mister Bobo, had remembered the rings. Soon, all chattering ceased and all the pirates stood from their seats as their eyes turned towards the hatch, which had started to open at that moment. Out of it emerged the Pirate Captain and the Pirate with a Scarf themselves, both smiling from ear to ear and holding hands. With his free hand, the Captain carefully closed the hatch whilst the first mate looked around at the scene in front of him. For a moment, time seemed to stand still as he scanned the happy and expecting faces of the crew, as well as taking in the beauty of all the colours the lanterns cast over the decks. This was definitely it. This was pretty much what each day serving under his beloved Captain had been leading up to. The notion that this moment had finally come started to make his heartbeat quicken a bit more, but he didn't care. He just felt so happy at that moment that he became more determined than ever not to let anything ruin this perfect evening or take his happiness away from him. After standing up to his full height, the Pirate Captain looked lovingly at the Pirate with a Scarf. Looking back up at his fiancé, the first mate just nodded, as if granting the elder pirate permission to lead him down the isle. With that, the two pirates began walking hand in hand together down the long, red carpet which split the group of seated pirates in two, towards the altar where Charles and Mister Bobo were waiting for them. On their way, their smiles seemed to get wider when they heard the Pirate with an Accordion playing a slow, romantic tune for them, which stopped when they had finally reached the little scientist at the altar. The pirates all sat back down on their gilt chairs as Charles picked up the bit of dead squid, holding a candle up to it and cleared his throat before proceeding to read out the script written upon it. \"Rogues, scoundrels, roustabouts, pirates, and even rare exotic animals.\" As he added that last bit, he nodded towards Polly, whom the Albino Pirate, who was sitting in the front row, was cuddling in his arms. The little dodo smiled and gave a soft coo in response. Charles smiled in return before turning back to the bit of squid carcass in his hand and continued to recite, \"We have come together on this Saturday evening to witness the union between the Pirate Captain and the Pirate with a Scarf.\" Looking up at the couple in front of him, he addressed, \"Pirate Captain, Pirate with a Scarf, you are entering into a commitment born of love. Before these witnesses you are joining together, creating a union that involves both joy and responsibility. You must enter into your marriage with no lien on your ship or crew, free of other commitments. Bring forward the sword.\" At that moment, the Pirate Captain unsheathed his cutlass and placed it upon the table in front of them. Both he and the Pirate with a Scarf then placed their hands on it as Charles asked, \"Do you both swear on this sword that there is no reason why your union cannot proceed?\" \"I do,\" answered the Pirate Captain, with a nod. \"I do,\" said the Pirate with a Scarf, also nodding. Charles smiled again and turned to the Pirate Captain. \"What is your full name and rank?\" he asked. \"I am simply known as the Pirate Captain, and I am the captain of this very ship.\" \"Of course, of course,\" Charles replied, fighting to hold back a chuckle. \"What do you desire?\" \"This pirate's hand in marriage,\" answered the Captain. \"Will you have this pirate as your husband?\" asked Charles. \"Will you love him, comfort him, and honour him? Will you protect him, no matter who might board this ship and attempt to wrest him from you, as long as you both do live?\" \"Yes,\" smiled the Captain. Charles then turned to the Pirate with a Scarf. \"What is your full name and rank?\" \"I am the Pirate with a Scarf, first mate under the Pirate Captain,\" replied the Pirate with a Scarf. \"What do you desire?\" asked Charles. \"The Captain's hand in marriage,\" the first mate answered. \"Will you have the Captain as your husband? Will you love him, comfort him, and honour him? Will you protect him, no matter who might board this ship and attempt to wrest him from you, as long as you both do live?\" \"Yes, of course.\" Charles smiled again before turning to face the rest of the smiling pirates and continued, \"A marriage is more than two people. It is also the trusty crew that surrounds them and helps them. The Pirate Captain and the Pirate with a Scarf's marriage will be blessed by your support. All who would provide that support, say, 'Aye'.\" \"Aye!\" came the enthusiastic answer from the whole crew, alongside a loud approving squawk from Polly. Satisfied, Charles smiled and then turned back to the two pirates standing in front of him. \"You may saw your vows.\" The Pirate Captain and the Pirate with a Scarf turned to face each other, their smiles still glued to their faces. The Captain took the younger pirate's hand into his own callused ones and, staring lovingly into the first mate's beautiful sapphire blue eyes, began to say his vow. \"I, the Pirate Captain, take you, Pirate with a Scarf, as my heart, my soul, my good man with a stout bottle-swinging arm, as the bright dawn of each new day and as the satin sheets of each day's night. I promise to love you and honour you. To make you laugh when you're feeling down, to listen to you when you babble on and on about nothing in particular and to protect you from harm. I shall love you through scurvy and through fire, in wealth or poverty whether you are near or far. And when I speak of treasure, everyone within the sound of my voice shall know what I am really speaking of is you. All of this will I undertake until there are no horizons left to chase and all the rum is gone.\" The Pirate with a Scarf laughed quietly to himself as he put his free hand over the Pirate Captain's. Looking back up into the elder pirate's dark oaken brown eyes, he began to say his own vow. \"I, the Pirate with a Scarf, take you, Pirate Captain, as my heart, my soul, my Captain with a crooked smile, as the foggy haze of each new day and the lumpy but familiar mattress of each day's night. I promise to love you and honour you. To make you laugh when you're feeling down, to listen to you when you babble on about nothing in particular, and to protect you from harm. I will love you through scurvy and through fire, in wealth or poverty whether you are near or far. And when I speak of treasure, everyone within the sound of my voice shall know that what I am really speaking of is you. All of this I will undertake until there are no horizons left to chase and the rum is gone.\" \"This is the most beautiful pirate wedding ever,\" whispered the Pirate with Gout happily to the Albino Pirate, who nodded in response, as they were both wiping away happy tears with their pirate neckerchiefs. \"Quiet! Shush!\" hissed the Surprisingly Curvaceous Pirate. Turning to Mister Bobo, Charles said, \"The rings, please.\" The little monkey, approaching the couple and held up the lilac satin cushion, on which both wedding rings had been placed. The Pirate Captain took the ring with the white pearl and the Pirate with a Scarf took the one with the black pearl. \"The ring is the most instantly recognised symbol of marriage,\" Charles continued, reading from his bit of dead squid again. \"It is a circle, indicating the infinity of unbroken love. Like life, it returns back upon itself. Whether the rings are lovingly bought, taken as part of a rightful plunder, or stolen from a sunken chest, it symbolises the happiness, wholeness and love of your marriage. Your exchange of rings shows how your lives are now intertwined. Pirate Captain, place the ring on the Pirate with a Scarf's hand and repeat after me. 'I give you this ring...'\" \"I give you this ring...\" repeated the Pirate Captain, taking the Pirate with a Scarf's hand again. \"'...as a symbol of our love.',\" recited Charles. \"...as a symbol of our love.\" the Pirate Captain repeated again as he slipped the ring onto the first mate's finger. \"'It is a reminder...'\" continued Charles. \"It is a reminder...\" said the Pirate Captain, looking lovingly down into the Pirate with a Scarf's eyes once more. \"'...of our promises to each other.',\" finished Charles. \"...of our promises to each other,\" smiled the Pirate Captain. \"Pirate with a Scarf,\" Charles went on, now addressing the first mate. \"Place the ring on the Pirate Captain's hand and repeat after me. 'I give you this ring...'\" \"I give you this ring...\" repeated the Pirate with a Scarf, taking the Pirate Captain's hand. \"'...as a symbol of our love.',\" recited Charles. \"...as a symbol of our love,\" the Pirate with a Scarf repeated again, slipping the ring onto the Captain's finger. \"'It is a reminder...'\" said Charles again. \"It is a reminder...\" said the Pirate with a Scarf, looking back up into the Pirate Captain's eyes again. \"'...of our promises to each other.',\" finished Charles again. \"...of our promises to each other,\" smiled the Pirate with a Scarf. Charles smiled happily again and nodded before saying, \"Bring forward the sword again.\" The Pirate Captain obliged, taking his cutlass and placing it on the deck in front of him and the Pirate with a Scarf. \"When you both jump over the sword,\" Charles began. \"It symbolises you cutting past ties and moving into the future together.\" At that moment, the Pirate Captain took the Pirate with a Scarf's hand into his own, giving it a soft squeeze. The first mate looked up at his captain, who grinned as he wagged his eyebrows cheekily at him. The younger pirate smiled back, curling his finger's round his fiancé's, and the two of them leapt over the cutlass together, and thus, was their union sealed. \"May your wedding be blessed, and may it be spoken of wherever the Jolly Roger flies,\" smiled Charles. \"I now pronounce you Captain and husband. You may both kiss.\" The two pirates both looked at each other then, smiling lovingly before the Pirate Captain pulled the Pirate with a Scarf into his arms. The Pirate with a Scarf didn't resist; he just wrapped his arms around his bearded husband's neck as their lips met in a passionate kiss. Unconsciously, the Captain dipped the younger man as the crew immediately erupted into cheers, throwing their hats and bandanas up into the air. But neither of the two pirates seemed to notice; they were both just so lost in this perfect moment, relishing it completely. In all the days before since the night of their engagement, the long wait between then and now seemed to kill them both inside every day that passed. And now this moment had finally come; they were now both married and would remain so until death do them part. Sadly, this moment was not to last forever as they soon felt themselves running out of air. Parting reluctantly, the Pirate Captain just stared down at the Pirate with a Scarf, whose face looked absolutely stunning in the dim light of the lanterns around them. The younger pirate had tears running from his eyes, but he was smiling widely as he stared back up at his beloved Captain. The Pirate Captain just chuckled. \"Yes, Number Two,\" he whispered, knowing all too well why his scarf-wearing husband was crying these happy tears. \"You belong to me now.\" The Pirate with a Scarf just kept on smiling as he caressed the elder pirate's cheek before running his fingers down his luxuriant beard. \"I've always belonged to you, sir,\" he whispered back. \"Even before I met you.\" The Pirate Captain just grinned and pulled the first mate back for another kiss, which only lasted for a few seconds this time before he brought the two of them back up to their full height. As they both just stared lovingly at one another one last time, the elder pirate ran his thumb over the Pirate with a Scarf's cheeks, wiping away his tears before leading him by the hand back towards the hatch. The Surprisingly Curvaceous Pirate went in front of them however, picking handfuls of white confetti out of a bucket in her arm, scattering it over the isle as she went. The rest of the crew, still cheering, stood from their seats and followed the happy couple below decks, Charles and Mister Bobo coming closely behind. Down below, in the dining room, the pirates waited the sumptuous feast which was the Pirate with Gout and the Albino Pirate, as the ship's cooks, had prepared together all day. As the now hungry pirates all tucked into their food, helping themselves to whatever they fancies, they all did their usual activities, talking, laughing, joking and singing their favourite shanties. However, tonight these activities also included congratulating the Pirate Captain and the Pirate with a Scarf on their marriage. Although there was plenty of plates of food on the table, the pirates all ate it rather quickly since they were dying for a slice of the mouth-watering wedding cake which the Pirate with Gout and the Albino Pirate had also baked and decorated together. Around the bottom layer, which had blue icing over to make it look like the ocean, with a red edible flower stuck on one side, were little treasure chests, their lids open to reveal little multi-coloured edible hearts. One of them even had two silver wedding rings atop the treasure in it. The second bottom layer had what looked like a treasure map draped over it, with the Pirate Captain and the Pirate with a Scarf's initials on opposite sides. The initials had little tracks leading to a red heart shape, which also had a track leading to two golden rings in one of the bottom corners. Around that were little trees with white and yellow roses blooming from its branches. The layer above that simply had white pearl necklaces hanging around it, with white roses placed at the points where each necklace met. The top layer had little palm trees around it with a skull and crossbones in between. Lastly, at the top, were little figures of the Pirate Captain and the Pirate with a Scarf themselves, each with one foot on top of a closed treasure chest, holding hands and holding their cutlasses triumphantly over their heads with their free hands. Behind them was a replica of the infamous Blackbeard's Jolly Roger, with a skeleton stabbing a heart with a spear. The pirates, especially the Pirate Captain and the Pirate with a Scarf, all agreed it was the best wedding cake they had ever seen. Not that they had seen many wedding cakes in their lives though, having spent most of their time at sea. Once the pirates had all finished their dinner, the Pirate Captain and the Pirate with a Scarf performed the ceremonial cutting of the cake together, both holding onto the Pirate Captain's cutlass as they did so, and served a slice each to their friends, including Charles and Mister Bobo. Though just as they had started to eat their slices of cake, the Pirate Captain called for silence so that he could make his speech. Standing up, he cleared his throat and began to recite the speech which he had been practising for months: \"Right lads, as I have said before, it's not always about me. No, no, behind every captain with glittering eyes and a luxuriant beard...\" \"Luxuriant!\" the pirates all agreed enthusiastically. \"...there's a crew of briny rogues!\" the Captain continued. \"Briny rogues!\" the pirates repeated in the same tone. \"Ah, sure some of you are as ugly as a sea cucumber,\" said the Pirate Captain, affectionately motioning for the Pirate with Gout. \"Heh heh, will you get away with ya,\" laughed the Pirate with Gout as he was lifting a forkful of cake to his mouth, waving free his hand dismissively. \"Some of you are closer to being a chair or coat rack than a pirate,\" continued the Captain, motioning to the Pirate with a Hook for a Hand, who cheered, lifting his stein of grog in response. \"Some of you are just monkeys that have been dressed up as both a gentleman and a pirate in his time,\" he said, looking towards Mister Bobo, who grinned and help up a flash card with the word, \"Arrh!\" on it. \"And some of you are just fish I've dressed up in a hat,\" the Captain went on in a self-deprecating manner, looking towards the Fish in a Hat, who merely gave a single gulp in response as he stared vacantly back at him. \"But all the same,\" the Pirate Captain went on, addressing the whole crew again. \"I want to thank you all for being such good, loyal, reliable pirates who have served and supported me all these years. Especially for the way you've all worked together to help prepare for this wedding of mine. You're definitely the best crew a captain could wish for!\" The crew all raised their beer steins and cheered at that. \"However, the credit for such fine work doesn't go to you all alone,\" the Pirate Captain continued. \"We all must thank our good friend, Mr. Charles Darwin here for agreeing to conduct the ceremony for us this evening. Most ministers wouldn't be so willing to conduct a wedding for two men, or two women either for that matter. But you, the ever smart and understanding fellow you are, you saw past that and agreed to use the basic training you got in Cambridge to perform our wedding for us all the same. Cheers, Chuck!\" Charles just chuckled quietly and shook his head. \"The pleasure's all mine, Captain,\" he replied, smiling. \"But most of all,\" the Pirate Captain continued, looking down to the Pirate with a Scarf, who was seated next to him. Putting an arm around his new husband's shoulder, he went on, \"I would really like to thank the Pirate with a Scarf here, not only for being the best first mate a captain could wish for, or even for being the best friend any man could wish for, but also for being the most wonderful person in the world.\" The Pirate with a Scarf looked back up at the Pirate Captain with a loving smile on his face as he gently put his hand on top of the elder pirate's. Sitting down beside the first mate, the Pirate Captain carried on, \"For he has always been there for me whenever I needed him. True, I have never been the most successful pirate in the world and I'm certain he's all too aware of my many flaws. But all the same, he has seen past them all and continued to love and respect me for who I was as an individual. All the time that he has been with me, he has remained by my side, helping and supporting me all the way. Yes, there have been times when I took him for granted and ignored any piece of advice he wished to give me, but that was all before I realised my own feelings for him. But through it all, he always showed a great amount of tolerance to my recklessness and has always been there to cheer me up whenever I was feeling out of sorts and has encouraged me to hold my head up high and to keep going, no matter how hopeless things may have seemed to me. I honestly have no idea what I would do without him. He really is more than just a good man to have in a sticky spot.\" Turning to face the younger pirate, he caressed his face as he finished his speech in a loving tone, \"Thank you, Number Two, for all you have done for me over the years. I love you very much.\" Putting his hand over the Pirate Captain's again, the Pirate with a Scarf smiled and replied, \"I love you too, Captain.\" \"To the Pirate Captain and the Pirate with a Scarf!\" exclaimed the Pirate with Gout happily, raising his beer stein. The pirates and Charles all cheered their loudest and struck their mugs together as the Pirate Captain and the Pirate with a Scarf shared another loving kiss. Once everyone had finished their dessert, they all left the dining room and went up on deck. The sun had set completely and night had fallen, but the candles inside the puffer fish lanterns were still burning. The pirates all cleared away the chairs, altar and red carpet, putting them all to the side to make room for the final part of the wedding: the dance. As is the tradition of a wedding reception party, even that of a pirate's, the dancing always starts with the couple going up by themselves to perform the first dance together. So the pirates and Charles all watched with anticipation as the Pirate Captain led the Pirate with a Scarf by the hand out onto the dance floor and gently pulled him close. He put his free hand round the younger pirate's waist as the Pirate with a Scarf put his own free hand on the Pirate Captain's shoulder. As they were getting into their positions, the Surprisingly Curvaceous Pirate had started playing the slow introduction to the song that had been picked for the new couple's dance on her guitar. Though it wasn't until the Pirate with an Accordion joined in with the main melody of Pachelbel's \"Canon in D Minor\" that the Pirate Captain actually started leading the Pirate with a Scarf away into a slow, swaying dance. Neither of them were very sure if it was even a real dance they were doing, and strangely enough, neither did any of the rest of the pirates, or even Charles or Mister Bobo for that matter. Though in that moment in time, none of them really seemed to care. It was just another beautiful and romantic moment for them to witness between their beloved Captain and his trusty first mate. Naturally, the Pirate Captain and the Pirate with a Scarf both enjoyed this moment the most. For a while, they just kept up this little dance, stepping, swaying and turning together, both their eyes remaining locked together the whole time. In the dim light from the lanterns around them, the Pirate with a Scarf noticed that the Pirate Captain's had dark shadows over his face, making him look all the more handsome. His eyes too, looked so much darker than usual, intensifying the love that he could see from within them. This caused the Pirate with a Scarf's heart to tremble a little again and he couldn't seem to stop himself from leaning into the Pirate Captain's broad chest, smiling to himself as he listened to the steady beating of the elder pirate's heart. The Pirate Captain just smiled down at his husband affectionately in response as he continued to lead him through their little dance. Soon, all too soon, the song that the Pirate with an Accordion and the Surprisingly Curvaceous Pirate were playing together came to and end and the Pirate Captain and the Pirate with a Scarf stopped dancing. Though neither captain nor first mate really cared; they were both just so wrapped up in their happiness that their smiles remained on their faces as they both stared lovingly at one another. For a moment, they remained that way whilst their friends applauded and cheered before they themselves got up onto the dance floor. For the next couple of hours or so, everyone just danced away to upbeat renditions of their favourite shanties, some of which they actually sung along to. Sometimes they did little improvised dances by themselves, sometimes they danced in pairs, switching partners occasionally, and sometimes they all danced together in a group. Indeed, it was pretty safe to say that each and every single one of them enjoyed themselves thoroughly that night. In fact, they would all soon agree that it was the best night of their lives and one they would always remember for as long as they all lived. However, the night was not to end with all the fast, upbeat dances. They all thought it appropriate to finish with another slow piece for them to sway away to together. So after this final piece had started and everyone had started swaying together to the tune, the Pirate Captain and the Pirate with a Scarf looked lovingly at each other again. \"Well?\" asked the Pirate Captain to the Pirate with a Scarf, smiling. \"Are you happy then?\" \"Yes, of course I am, sir,\" answered the Pirate with a Scarf, smiling also. \"What about you?\" The Pirate Captain chuckled. \"In all honesty, Number Two,\" he began. \"I really cannot remember a happier time in my life than this.\" \"Neither can I, sir,\" said the Pirate with a Scarf, before leaning his head back into his husband's chest. \"So, you're not afraid anymore then?\" asked the Pirate Captain. The Pirate with a Scarf looked back up at the elder pirate and shook his head. \"No, not anymore. After tonight, I won't have anything to be afraid of again. Well, except losing you, of course.\" The Pirate Captain just laughed again. \"Well, let's not start worrying about that just now, shall we? Not now that we're just married.\" The Pirate with a Scarf also laughed and shook his head. \"No, quite right. How silly of me.\" The Pirate Captain just pulled the younger pirate close and held him tightly in his arms. The Pirate with a Scarf just relaxed in his husband's embrace as he wrapped his arms around his waist. \"You will never lose me, Number Two,\" whispered the Pirate Captain lovingly into the Pirate with a Scarf's ear. \"I love you too much to ever leave you, or to ever let you go.\" \"I know, Captain,\" the Pirate with a Scarf whispered back. Looking back up into those dark oaken brown eyes he loved so much, he added. \"I love you too.\" They just stared deeply into one another's eyes for a second before the Pirate Captain leaned in and caught the Pirate with a Scarf's lips in a soft but passionate kiss. The Pirate with a Scarf returned the kiss eagerly as he let himself be carried off into this wonderful moment. All his life, the first mate knew that this moment would come for him. Though he still couldn't believe that after all this time since then, it would be with the very man that, just a couple of years ago, he was so sure would never return his feelings for him, even after buying him that mug for St. Valentine's Day. Since the Pirate Captain was never really the brightest person in the world, he didn't expect the elder pirate to remember a thing like that, let alone for it to eventually dawn on him the intention of his gesture, and certainly not for him to reciprocate either. Was it really just a matter of time before the Captain would eventually give his heart to him? It didn't matter, for he knew now that no matter what happened from this moment, their love for one another would last a lifetime, maybe a little bit longer, just like it did beforehand. Soon, both pirates parted lips and continued to dance the night away with their friends, as the illuminated pirate boat continued to sail gently through the now pitch black ocean. ","Summary":" Although only a year had passed since the Pirate Captain had proposed to the Pirate with a Scarf, i"},{"Movie":"Pirates! Band of Misfits","Title":"Tell Me What You See","Author":"ninewood","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12566609","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Pirate Captain's crew was lying on the deck while Charles Darwin was explaining how clouds were formed and how it was the wind that gave the impression that the clouds were forming shapes in the sky. Not wanting to be left out of the fun, the Pirate Captain strolled over then snuggled down between Charles and the Pirate with the Scarf. \"So, Charles, putting all that science talk aside, what do you see in the clouds?\" he asked. \"Oh, um, a bunny,\" Charles said with a smile and the Pirate Captain smiled back, placing his hands behind his head. ","Summary":" The Pirate Captain's crew was lying on the deck while Charles Darwin was explaining how clouds were"},{"Movie":"Pirates! Band of Misfits","Title":"Sleepwalker","Author":"Pippinumpkin","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13246632","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The ship swung rhythmically from side to side; any pirate could tell you that that familiar motion was the equivalent of a rocking cradle to a new born for anyone with sea legs. For the Pirate with a scarf, this was no exception, and as he peacefully read his book in the comfort of his own cramped, albeit cosy, cabin, sure enough he felt the sea slowly lulling him into a restful sleep. Until the door to his cabin creaked open with no warning, prompting him to jolt awake, stiff as a board and ready to fight if needs be. Fortunately, there was no cause for concern, as the familiar shape of the Pirate Captain appeared around the door and wavered into his cabin. As he let out a shaky breath, he realised that something wasn't quite right about this late night visit; the Captain was missing his hat and coat, and was simply standing vacantly in the small space between the foot of his bed and the door, which was now falling back on itself and shutting softly against the door frame. \"Captain?\" He lowered his book and called cautiously, attempting to look into his half open eyes. Hang on- was he- was he sleepwalking ? The first mate did a double take, but then had to acknowledge it to himself; indeed, the Captain was- there was no other explanation. He was at a loss for what to do. Should he wake him up, or would that only distress and confuse him? But it wasn't exactly like he could just go to sleep with the Captain standing like a zombie in the corner of his room. Typical … He sighed to himself, shaking his head, but with a fond expression on his face. That was the Captain for you. And I thought I'd seen it all… \"Come on, Captain.\" He whispered, rising from his bed and gently touching the comatose pirate's arm. Gently guiding the Captain back to his quarters was something he'd never thought he'd have to do- especially after all those drunken nights where Pirate with a scarf had literally had to throw him into his hammock when his limbs were made redundant by the amount of booze he'd consumed. Carefully, the first mate led them up the stairs and onto the deck of the boat. The timbers were creaking softly as the water glided past the side of the boat and nudged it this way and that, but thankfully the boards didn't make any sudden groans even as both of the pirate's weight walked across them. Letting go of his arm for just a moment, he pushed open the door to the Captain's room and walked him in. As they crossed the threshold of the cabin, the latter seemed to rouse slightly, and his eyes sleepily squinted at his first mate. \"N… Numb'… Two…?\" \"It's alright, sir.\" He groaned from the Captain's weight as he helped him climb into his hammock. \"No harm done, just a little sleepwalking.\" Dusting down his coat and giving the Captain a once over to make sure he seemed alright, the Pirate with a scarf turned to leave and head back to his own bed. To his surprise, however, a pair of arms snaked around his waist and stopped him from moving any further. \"Come to bed, Two.\" \"C-Captain?\" He couldn't help but blush as the half asleep pirate hugged him from behind. \"Sir, I don't think-\" But the strong arms were already pulling him into the hammock beside the Pirate Captain, and despite his complaining, the Pirate with a scarf was desperate for sleep- and besides all that, it wasn't exactly an unpleasant prospect to sleep with the other pirate. He sighed as his skin found the warmth of the Captain's body pressed to his back, shivering in the change of temperature from the cold night air of the sea snaking in his night clothes to the snug feel of the Captain's quarters. \"That didn't take much convincing, eh, Number two?\" A quiet chuckle came from behind him, sounding suspiciously awake for an apparent sleep walking episode. He huffed, mentally rolling his eyes. \"If you wanted me to sleep with you, you could have just asked, sir.\" \"Now, now, where would the fun be in that?\" He felt the Captain's moustache brush against his neck as well as the hint of a smile as he teased his first mate. There was a pause, wherein the Pirate with a scarf hoped he would be allowed to doze off, but the Captain spoke again. \"Actually, Number two, maybe we could make this… a regular thing.\" \"Regular thing, Captain?\" \"Yes, you know, you and me…\" He went on awkwardly, trailing off into a mumble. A pink blush prickled at his cheeks at the words left unspoken. \"Alright then. Me and you.\" He let out a long yawn, which lead to the Captain snuggling him closer from behind, arms securely wrapped across his front as if he thought that his friend was going to attempt escape. Maybe the unspoken words didn't need to be voiced. After all… he smiled to himself and shook his head ever so slightly as he felt what could only have been a small kiss pressed to the back of his neck, and the hint of fingers through his hair- the Captains intentions were pretty obvious. All the same, the Pirate with a scarf hated leaving things unresolved, so he rather ungracefully shuffled around in his side of the hammock to face the other man and, after a moment of looking into his warm eyes, gently touched their lips together. ","Summary":" The ship swung rhythmically from side to side; any pirate could tell you that that familiar motion "},{"Movie":"Pirates! Band of Misfits","Title":"The Pirates! In an Adventure with Origin Stories","Author":"Verecunda","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11200783","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: This was written as a present for my dear little sis, since it's her OTP. Hope you enjoy, wee one! Movie!verse, but there are lots of references to the books as well. Naturally, The Pirates! belong to Gideon Defoe and Aardman Animations, not to me. Warning: contains flagrant disregard for nautical accuracy, unmitigated daftness, and lots of stupid jokes at the expense of distinguished figures from naval history! \"Sail, ho!\" came the shout from the masthead. \"Fine on the larboard bow!\" The first lieutenant was at the weather rail in a second, telescope already trained on the horizon, where he could just make out the rake of the distant masts. Technically, it was the second lieutenant's watch, but he was currently entangled in a tricky bit of rigging while the midshipmen laughed at him, so he was a bit preoccupied. The first lieutenant looked hard at the faraway ship for a few minutes, trying to work out what she might be - or whom she might belong to. Her sails were distinguishable now, but there was no man o' war's pennant that he could see. In fact, she didn't seem to be flying colours of any kind at all. A horrible suspicion began to form in his mind, sending his stomach flipping over like an especially jumpy pancake - a suspicion that only increased when he realised that the distant ship had altered course and was making straight for them. He frowned at it, weighing up the possibilities, before clapping his telescope to and turning away. \"Keep an eye on that sail,\" he called up to the lookout, then made his way down the companionway to the great cabin. With a nod to the marine sentry, he knocked on the cabin door. There came a faint whine of, \"Just five more minutes, Mummy.\" The first lieutenant gave him a second, knocked again, and this time the captain's irritable bark of, \"Enter!\" rumbled out. The captain had apparently been catching a quick forty winks on the stern-lockers, because he looked bleary and rumpled and bad-tempered as the first lieutenant slipped into the cabin. \"Well, man? What is it?\" \"Sail on the horizon, sir,\" said the first lieutenant, touching his hat to his commander, \"coming up fast. She's not showing any colours; I think she might be a pirate ship.\" \"Pirates?!\" boomed the captain, jerked out of his sleepy state at long last. Pulling on his hat, he sprung to his feet, suddenly the very picture of efficiency in the Royal Navy. \"Well, let us waste no more time, sir; let's take a look at this ship of yours.\" On deck again, the first lieutenant was shocked to see that the unknown ship was much closer now - in a way that seemed to defy all laws of physics and common sense - and the nervous pancake-flipping in his stomach was doing enough work for a Shrove Tuesday picnic. \"Should we beat to quarters, sir?\" he asked, as the captain stared through his glass. \"Hm?\" said the captain. \"No, I don't think that will be necessary, lieutenant. What pirate would be foolish enough to attack a frigate of the Royal Navy? No, we shall simply wait till he gets too close and -\" Just then, there came another shout from the lookout, and the first lieutenant looked over, just in time to see a flag break out at the unknown ship's masthead. A chill went through him when he realised what the flag was: a skull and crossbones. The Jolly Roger. Then the lookout shouted that he couldn't see anyone on the deck, and that's when everything went to hell. \"Ghost pirates!\" screamed the superstitious foretopman. \" The Flying Dutchman! \" wailed the hysterical purser's clerk. \"We're fish in a barrel!\" moaned the pessimistic master. Shouts rent the air, and the deck of the frigate thundered with two hundred sets of panicky footsteps as the ship's company ran this way and that like headless chickens, or at the very least, blindfolded chickens. \"She's bringing her guns to bear, sir,\" the first lieutenant shouted over the noise. \"Should we -?\" He turned round, just in time to see the ship's company piling themselves into the boats and fending off. They got away pretty quickly, but unfortunately they rowed right into the nearest line of longitude, which twanged them into the air and sent them flying straight over the horizon. The first lieutenant watched them go disconsolately, suddenly alone on the deserted quarterdeck. Then he turned his attention back to the swiftly-approaching pirate ship. \"Right.\" Now he was the only one left to preserve the dignity of the Royal Navy. He wasn't looking forward to this at all. The frigate had no way on her now, especially now that there was no one left to work her, and the pirate ship soon ranged up alongside. There was a sudden flurry of movement on her deck, a grappling-hook flew out and caught onto the frigate's mainyard, and as the first lieutenant watched, a figure launched itself out on the end of the rope. It swung across the narrow lane of water between the two ships, leaping clear and executing a neat somersault, before a pair of feet in exquisite shiny boots landed squarely on the quarterdeck, and a cutlass was drawn with a flourish. \"Aaaarrrr! I'm the Pirate Captain, and I'm here for your gold!\" The first lieutenant took a step backwards, since that seemed to be really the only sensible thing to do when someone was waving a cutlass in your face. His mind was racing, trying to work out which notorious terror of the high seas he was facing. It must be a particularly fearless and bloodthirsty buccaneer to dare take on a Royal Navy frigate. It might even be - his blood ran cold - it might even be the infamous Black Bellamy, scourge of the Spanish Main. But no, he thought as he took a good look at the man in front of him, that didn't seem quite right. In all the wanted posters, Black Bellamy had a face like thunder and a thick black beard up to his eyes. But this man had a pleasant, open face and glittering brown eyes, with a nose that he might have described as stentorian if it hadn't been for the fact that stentorian was a word that really only applied to voices, not noses. He did have a beard, but it was brown, and possibly the most luxuriant beard he had ever seen. \"Um...\" he began, not really sure what the proper procedure was for dealing with pirates. He decided to take the traditional route. So he drew his sword and offered it hilt-first. \"First lieutenant, His Majesty's frigate Competence , Captain. Please accept my surrender, and spare the ship.\" The luxuriantly bearded Pirate Captain lowered his cutlass, his brown eyes widening in surprise. \"O-oh... a frigate, you say?\" This was decidedly not the response that the first lieutenant had been expecting, and it took him rather aback. \"Um... yes.\" \"Hell's barnacles.\" Now the Pirate Captain let his cutlass fall away entirely, looking utterly downcast. \"I say, old fruit, there's no chance at all, is there, that this whole frigate thing is just a cunning ruse, and that you're really a Spanish treasure ship stuffed to the gills with gold?\" He looked so earnest that the first lieutenant felt quite bad for having to reply, \"...No. Sorry.\" The Pirate Captain heaved a sigh, and kicked his fancy boots against the deck in frustration. \"Oh, for - Neptune's nose! Why does this always happen to me?! Don't you have anything I can plunder? Spare change? Unwanted Christmas present? Some especially nice pieces of stationery?\" The first lieutenant felt in his pockets, and shook his head. \"Afraid not, sir.\" Their frigate hadn't been very lucky in the way of prize-money, and the only thing that he had of any value was the scarf that his grandma had knitted him for his birthday, which he'd promised he'd wear every day to avoid catching cold, even in the West Indies. And that, he supposed, was really more sentimental value than anything that would appeal to a pirate. \"Nothing at all?\" asked the Pirate Captain. The first lieutenant thought about it. \"There's the slop room, I suppose, and the captain's stores. I don't suppose he'll be coming back for them. The champagne, the ham...\" At this, the Pirate Captain perked up, and turned back to him with a noticeable gleam in his eye. \"I say, lieutenant, did you say... did you say ham ?\" The first lieutenant frowned. \"...Yes?\" \"Ah, well!\" said the Pirate Captain, looking much more cheerful now. \"That's something, at least! You don't mind, do you?\" \"Oh,\" said the first lieutenant. \"No, sir, help yourself.\" \"Splendid!\" cried the Pirate Captain, and with a grin he disappeared into the great cabin. The first lieutenant stayed on the quarterdeck, feeling rather awkward about the whole situation. Something told him that he probably shouldn't have turned over possession of the ship so quickly, even to a man with a beard as luxuriant as the Pirate Captain's, but then again, it probably wasn't a good idea to cross a pirate at this stage, unless he fancied being run through. With a small sigh, he made his way aft and resignedly set about striking the colours. He was neatly folding the ensign when the Pirate Captain appeared on deck again, lugging a large joint of ham under one arm, a brilliant grin beaming through his beard. \"Well, it wasn't a total loss, I'm happy to say. This is by far the finest ham I have ever seen! In fact, I think I'll make it my Prize Ham, a trophy of my victory over the Royal Navy! \"Now, lieutenant,\" he said, adopting a serious face, \"you'd best come with me. I've set a little fire in the hold - wreaking mayhem and destruction and all that sort of thing - and there are some formalities to observed: marooning, walking the plank, and so on.\" \"Of course,\" said the first lieutenant sadly. He didn't really fancy either of those options, but he supposed they would be less excruciating than a court martial for losing the ship. So without further ado, he and the Pirate Captain swung across to the pirate ship, just before the frigate exploded and burnt a hole in the map. A few hours later, the first lieutenant found himself standing in the great cabin of the pirate ship. The cabin was chock-full of stuff - the expected piles of nautical equipment: charts and astrolabes and sextants - but also a lot of other stuff, like a train set, and a Venus flytrap, and a lot of pictures, mostly of the Pirate Captain. He was standing in front of a large, gilt-framed portrait of the Pirate Captain cradling a dying swan in his arms, entitled WHY?, when the door opened, and in came the real Pirate Captain, minus the dying swan, of course. \"We're well underway now,\" he announced, pleased. \"I must say, lieutenant, you're awfully good at this nautical thing. I had no idea that all those flappy bits of canvas had different names!\" \"Thank you, Captain,\" said the first lieutenant uncertainly, wondering what his fate was going to be now. \"Yes, indeed, it's ideal to be good at nautical things when you're at sea,\" said the Pirate Captain, thoughtfully stroking his moustache. \"I think that's the first time we've ever set a proper course, when you showed me how to do it. I do have a first mate, but he's not very good at this kind of thing.\" The first lieutenant stared at the figure next to the Pirate Captain. \"But that's a fish in a hat, Captain,\" he said. The fish in a hat gulped. \"Yes...\" said the Pirate Captain, scratching the back of his head awkwardly. \"You see, the thing is, I have a bit of a problem trying to find recruits for my crew, so I've had to make do.\" The first lieutenant had to wonder how the pirate ship was able to do anything when it had no crew except for the Pirate Captain and a fish in a hat, but it seemed to work against all the known rules of the universe anyway. \"All right, you swab, go and tie some ropes somewhere,\" said the Pirate Captain, kicking the fish in a hat rather unceremoniously out of the cabin and closing the door. He sat down in the chair behind his desk, which was strewn with maps, including several of the Spanish Main and one of the London Underground. \"Now, lieutenant,\" he said, \"we have to decide what to do about you.\" The first lieutenant's heart didn't just sink: it broached to and went down with all hands. \"Now, obviously, the usual piratical etiquette is for the pirate in question - in this case, me - to attack the luckless ship, run her crew through, then make off into the sunset with all their treasure.\" The first lieutenant nodded. That was certainly what he understood. \"But, you see, my problem here - oh, barnacles! Where are my manners? Ship's biscuit?\" he asked, holding out a tin. \"Oh,\" said the first lieutenant, surprised. \"Thank you, Captain.\" He watched the Pirate Captain take a ship's custard cream, and helped himself to a ship's bourbon. Neither of them bothered with the ship's Digestives. \"You see, my problem,\" continued the Pirate Captain, \"is that obviously your ship didn't have any treasure, and really, the only booty I managed to pick up was the ham. And you, of course.\" The first lieutenant wasn't really sure how he felt about being called \"booty\", but he didn't think the Pirate Captain was really trying to be impolite on purpose, so he decided it wasn't worth making a fuss over. \"And now I'll have to go back to Blood Island, but none of the other pirates are going to believe that I really did capture a Royal Navy ship, if I've got nothing to show for it, are they? They'll think I'm just making it up, and I'll be laughed out of port again.\" The first lieutenant listened to this with sympathy. He had never really thought about competitiveness between pirates before, but he supposed it only made sense that it did exist. At that moment, they were both distracted from the problem of the other pirates not believing the Pirate Captain's claim, by a sudden movement in the corner of the cabin. There was a basket on the floor there, and from this basket came a large, round shape, which the first lieutenant had at first thought was a ball, or a strange type of rock, but was actually a very plump grey bird with little wings. She waddled over to the Pirate Captain, who picked her up and placed her gently on the deck, before feeding her a few custard creams from the biscuit tin. \"There you go, old girl,\" he said fondly, patting her on the head while she cooed happily. \"That's better, isn't it?\" The bird caught sight of the first lieutenant sitting on the opposite side of the desk, and waddled curiously over to him. The first lieutenant fed her the last corner of his ship's bourbon, and with a little squawk of contentment she hopped into his lap and nestled down. The first lieutenant smiled and stroked her feathery back. \"What's her name, sir?\" \"Polly,\" said the Pirate Captain. \"I got her from my old mentor Calico Jack at a discount when he set up his second-hand parrot emporium. She's a bit big-boned, I grant you, but she's much better than that idiot parrot Gary I used to have.\" So while Polly snoozed in the first lieutenant's lap, the Pirate Captain got back to business. \"Anyway, you see my problem. Just put yourself in my shoes, lieutenant!\" The first lieutenant nodded thoughtfully. \"Well... I suppose you could take me along to Blood Island with you, and I could confirm to the other pirates that you did take my ship. They'd have to believe you then.\" The Pirate Captain's face brightened. \"I say! That's a good idea, lieutenant. It's definitely allowed for a pirate to take captives, though they generally tend to be swooning ladies. You - er - you wouldn't fancy disguising yourself as a swooning lady, would you?\" \"Not really, Captain,\" said the first lieutenant with a smile. \"No, I suppose not,\" said the Pirate Captain, with a sigh. \"Well, it'll have to do. Another biscuit?\" \"Thank you, sir,\" said the first lieutenant, and took another bourbon. They sat around companionably for a while and ate a few more biscuits, until the first lieutenant suggested that they should probably go out on deck and check on the ship's progress. The first mate conned the helm - or at least, stood near the helm and gulped vacantly. \"Move aside, Number Two,\" said the Pirate Captain imperiously, taking the helm himself and thrusting a dramatic finger towards the horizon. \"Full speed ahead!\" The pirate ship sailed on through the seas, with apparently no concern for any of the usual laws of wind and currents. The first lieutenant busied himself with hauling on the occasional rope or polishing the anchor, just for something to do. He was absentmindedly tying a reef-bend in a spare bit of rope when he heard footsteps on the deck, and a shadow fell across him. His hands stilled, and he looked up to see the Pirate Captain looking at him curiously. \"How do you do it, lieutenant?\" \"Do what, Captain?\" \"You know...\" said the Pirate Captain, twisting his fingers round and round each other in some sort of confused mime. \"How is it you're so good at all these... useful things about the ship?\" The first lieutenant found himself caught short, unable to hide his surprise. It wasn't a question that anyone had ever asked him before. He smiled, and glanced down at the half-tied knot in his hands. \"Well, sir, I was a midshipman under Captain Hardy when I was a boy. I suppose I must've picked up a few things from him.\" \"Oh,\" said the Pirate Captain, his eyebrows flying up. \"Neptune's navel, that's impressive!\" He paused. \"Does that include the - er - the kissing?\" For a moment, the first lieutenant was dumbstruck. Then he laughed. \"No, sir.\" \"Ah. Well,\" said the Pirate Captain, setting his shoulders back. Then, all of a sudden, as if some deeply-ingrained mariner's instinct had gripped him, he pulled his telescope out of his beard, and looked towards the horizon. \"Aaaarrrr,\" he said, with a deep note of satisfaction. \"Blood Island, at last!\" The first lieutenant stood with the Pirate Captain at the rail, watching the tiny speck of land in the distance come closer with mounting trepidation. He had heard of Blood Island, of course. It was marked in all the naval charts and was notorious as a pirate den. Not that the Royal Navy tended to bother the place much. Officially, it was said there was an uneasy truce between them, but the rumour went that the Governor just didn't want to attack because he didn't want to make it to look like he was bitter about Jamaica losing out to Blood Island in the Caribbean in Bloom contest. The Pirate Captain brought them into the harbour himself, putting the helm over so sharply that it gave the first lieutenant whiplash and sent him sprawling headlong into the pin-rail. He clambered to his feet and nursed the bruise on his head, just in time to be thrown off his feet again as the Pirate Captain brought them crunching up against the side of the quay, and over one poor old pirate in a jolly-boat who didn't quite manage to get out the way on time. \"All right, Number Two,\" said the Pirate Captain to the fish in a hat, as he hoisted Polly the parrot onto his shoulder, \"I'm trusting you to mind the boat while we're gone.\" They let down the gangplank, and the Pirate Captain and the first lieutenant made their way into the ramshackle pirate town. As they walked along the front, past the doubloon shoppes and ice-cream stands, the first lieutenant looked around his new surroundings with interest. He had never visited a pirate port before, and he couldn't help but find it all quite exciting. They passed by a wall plastered with wanted posters, all of them depicting notorious pirates and the rewards offered for their capture. The first lieutenant recognised the names of several that were particularly wanted by the Royal Navy: Black Bellamy, Cutlass Liz, and Peg-Leg Hastings, to name but a few. Then, down in one corner, he spotted a poster depicting the Pirate Captain, though unlike the pirates in all the other posters, who were all posing with piratical swagger, the image of the Pirate Captain looked rather dejected. And no wonder, because his reward was given as a mere eight doubloons. He saw the Pirate Captain glance at the poster and shake his head sadly, and he felt an unexpected stab of sympathy. \"I'm sure they'll put your reward up, Captain,\" he ventured, putting a reassuring hand on his shoulder, \"just as soon as word gets out about your audacious capture of that frigate.\" The Pirate Captain turned round to look at him with an odd, curious expression. \"Do you really think so, lieutenant?\" \"Er... absolutely, yes!\" This seemed to cheer the Pirate Captain up tremendously, for all at once, he straightened his back, gave a particularly piratical \"Aaaarrrr!\" and led the way along the waterfront with a fresh swagger, until they reached a seedy-looking pirate tavern called the Barnacle's Face. \"Just follow my lead,\" he said in a conspiratorial tone. Before the first lieutenant could protest, he kicked the door open with his shiny booted foot and strode inside, which left the first lieutenant little option but to follow. The Barnacle's Face was filled with just about every kind of pirate you could think of: pirates in headscarves, pirates with gold teeth, pirates with eyepatches, pirates with hooks, pirates with knives clenched between their teeth, and they all glared at the Pirate Captain and the first lieutenant as they entered. \"Ahoy, lubbers!\" roared the Pirate Captain, and for dramatic emphasis, he drew his cutlass and used it to smash some tankards off the nearest table. Unfortunately, he slashed down a little too enthusiastically, so while it had the desired effect of making the occupants of the table jump in shock, he also got his cutlass stuck in the table. \"Neptune's beard.\" For a while, he just grunted and struggled to dislodge the blade from the wood, in the middle of an awful silence in which every pirate in the tavern glared harder at him. The first lieutenant hovered nearby, grimacing in embarrassment on the Pirate Captain's behalf. Finally, the Pirate Captain succeeded in wrenching his cutlass free from the table. \"R-right, well,\" he said, \"where was I?\" \"'Ahoy, lubbers', Captain,\" muttered the first lieutenant out the corner of his mouth. \"Ah. Right. Thank you, lieutenant.\" Clearing his throat, he roared again, \"Ahoy, lubbers!\" He got the vaguest groan in reply from the crowd. The first lieutenant looked anxiously at the Pirate Captain, but the Pirate Captain was undeterred. \"What are you all staring at, you coves?\" he exclaimed. \"Is that any way to greet a dashing terror of the high seas?\" Nothing. Nothing, that was, until the silence was broken by a splutter of laughter from the other side of the room, and the first lieutenant saw two pirates leaning cockily against the bar. One of them was a burly pirate with a leopard-print hat and a peg-leg, and the other was a lady pirate who looked as deadly as she was beautiful. He recognised their faces from the wanted posters at once: Peg-Leg Hastings and Cutlass Liz. \"Oh, hello, Peg-Leg. Cutlass,\" said the Pirate Captain cheerfully. \"Fancy seeing you two here! I'm just in for a bit of R and R after a hard day's plundering. You know, burning and sinking, striking fear into the hearts of all who face me.\" Cutlass Liz gave a beautiful, deadly smirk, and while Peg-Leg Hastings snickered helplessly in the background, she sneered, \"Oh yeah? And what was it this time, Captain? Don't tell me, you raided an ancient pyramid while you fought off killer mummies with only a toothbrush while leaping over spike-traps with your feet tied together?\" A collective snicker went around the room at that. The first lieutenant caught the look of hurt that flashed over the Pirate Captain's face, and he glared at Hastings and Cutlass. \"Yeah,\" chimed in Peg-Leg Hastings over Cutlass Liz's shoulder, \"that's almost as good as the one he told us about his adventure with the glue factory!\" The snickers turned into a lot of muffled chuckling, and the Pirate Captain's chest puffed out with indignation, while Polly glared at them from his shoulder with all the contempt that a funny-looking parrot with a sweet-natured face could manage. \"Actually, no,\" said the Pirate Captain loftily. \"For your information, I have just returned from my daring capture of a Royal Navy frigate!\" This time, the whole room erupted with laughter, Peg-Leg Hastings and Cutlass Liz the loudest by far, wiping tears from their eyes and clinging to the bar for support. The first lieutenant stepped forward. \"Hey -!\" But the Pirate Captain got in there first: \"Laugh all you want!\" he exclaimed. \"But it's true. And what's more, to prove it, I captured the first lieutenant of the frigate and spared his life so he could repeat the terrible tale.\" He nudged the first lieutenant in the side. \"Say hello, lieutenant.\" The laughter had died away at the Pirate Captain's declaration, and the first lieutenant found himself facing a sea of hostile pirate faces. He gave them an awkward wave. \"Hello.\" \"Oh, come now, lieutenant,\" said the Pirate Captain in an undertone, \"don't you Royal Navy chaps have any sense of showmanship?\" To the assembled pirates, he announced, \"I met the first lieutenant on the very quarterdeck of the ship as I boarded. He put up a valiant resistance, but in the end, he was forced to strike his colours to me. But as a mark of respect for his bravery, I allowed him to live, isn't that right, lieutenant?\" That didn't sound a hundred per cent accurate, but the first lieutenant didn't want the Pirate Captain to lose face in front of this crowd of show-offs, so he replied, \"Er... yes.\" \"So, Pirate Captain,\" said Cutlass Liz, cocking an eyebrow, \"if you really captured this Royal Navy ship, what kind of booty did you get? Doubloons? Gems?\" \"Ah - well - I...\" stammered the Pirate Captain, blushing a little. \"The truth is, I didn't get any booty in the - in the traditional sense of the word...\" Cutlass Liz and Peg-Leg Hastings exchanged a smug look. \"- but what I did get,\" carried on the Pirate Captain, \"was this !\" And with these words, he pulled the Prize Ham from his beard and held it up. At the same moment, a cloud parted in the sky outside, and a shaft of sunlight came streaming through the window to illuminate the ham. The laughter turned at once to oohs and aahs of admiration, and Cutlass Liz and Peg-Leg Hastings were left looking gobsmacked as the air was filled with pirate cheers. \"There, you see, lieutenant,\" said the Pirate Captain, \"if there's one thing a pirate likes more than booty, it's ham.\" \"I see that now, sir,\" replied the first lieutenant with a smile. They were sitting at a table in the corner of the Barnacle's Face, enjoying a couple of tankards of grog and a meal of ham and chips. For a while, the crowd of pirates had eagerly surrounded the Pirate Captain, begging him to tell them the story of how he had captured the frigate and found the ham; then when he was finished, they begged for an encore, which had contained surprisingly more swashbuckling, daring rooftop chases, and sultry mermaids than the first lieutenant remembered from the events of that morning, but he kept his very wry thoughts on the matter to himself. Now that the novelty of the Prize Ham had worn off, the crowd had left the Pirate Captain and the first lieutenant to their own devices, and the tavern was once again filled with the sound of piratical roaring, accordion music, and increasingly explicit shanties. \"As I've always said,\" said the Pirate Captain happily, \"ham is the universal language. Or was it something else? No, no, I'm sure it was definitely ham. Like ham, do you, lieutenant?\" \"Yes, sir,\" said the first lieutenant. He did, very much, as a matter of fact, but it wasn't something that was on the menu very often in the gunroom of the Competence . \"There, you see!\" cried the Pirate Captain, pounding the table with his fist and waking up Polly from her nap. \"Thanks to ham, there is something that a navy man like you and a debonair terror of the high seas like myself can have in common, after all!\" They smiled at each other at that, and maybe it was just the grog, or the excitement of the evening, but it seemed to the first lieutenant that the Pirate Captain's eyes were even more glittering than usual, his teeth even more gleaming, his beard even more luxuriant. His pulse gave a strange little leap. \"It certainly took those two down a peg or two,\" he said quickly to distract himself, nodding to a table at the opposite end of the room, where Cutlass Liz and Peg-Leg Hastings were having a rather sulky arm-wrestling match. The Pirate Captain chuckled. \"Yes, indeed. If only Black Bellamy had been here as well; that would certainly have swiped the grin off his face, the smug swab.\" \"You know Black Bellamy, Captain?\" asked the first lieutenant, a little awed. Even amongst the officers of the Royal Navy, it was a name that only the most fearless dared utter. Admiral St. Vincent could do it on a good day, but that was about it. \"Know him?\" thundered the Pirate Captain, earning a disapproving look from the barmaid who was passing by. \"He's my arch-nemesis - a good pirate always has to have an arch-nemesis, you know - and I would have won Pirate of the Year long ago if it weren't for that scurvy knave.\" And he lapsed into a brooding silence that even Polly couldn't nudge him out of. The first lieutenant, seeing that this brooding might go on for some time, got up and wandered over to the salad bar to replenish his bowl. When he returned, he saw the Pirate Captain in much higher spirits, and that their table had a visitor. As he approached, the Pirate Captain turned and waved to him. \"Ah, there you are, lieutenant! Come over here, there's someone you should meet!\" \"Sir?\" \"Delighted to meet you at last, Pirate Captain!\" said the newcomer with a deep bow. \"My name is Admiral Nelson.\" \"Can you believe this, lieutenant?\" cried the Pirate Captain in delight. \"Even Admiral Nelson has heard of my Prize Ham!\" The first lieutenant tilted his head, his eyes narrowing as he studied Admiral Nelson. He was dressed in a navy coat and hat, all right, but he had grown a large black beard, and it looked for all the world as if his right arm wasn't actually missing, but was in actual fact stuffed rather uncomfortably inside his coat. \"Oh yes,\" he was saying to the Pirate Captain, \"I was most thrilled to hear about your daring escapade, Pirate Captain, and I absolutely had to sail over and meet you in person, one dashing legend of the high seas to another! I would love to see this Prize Ham of yours, if at all possible!\" \"Why, of course!\" cried the Pirate Captain in delight, and was just about to reach inside his beard, when the first lieutenant cut across him quickly: \"Captain, sir, can I have a word with you for a second?\" \"Oh. Well, I suppose so,\" said the Pirate Captain, a bit put out. \"As long as it's a quick one. Pardon us, will you, Admiral?\" \"Of course, of course,\" said Admiral Nelson affably, but the first lieutenant had the feeling he was watching them very closely from beneath those thick black eyebrows of his. \"Now what's all this about, lieutenant?\" said the Pirate Captain rather impatiently, once the first lieutenant had got to him to one side. \"You realise it's not polite to keep Admiral Nelson waiting like this?\" \"That's just it, Captain,\" whispered the first lieutenant, \"I don't think that is Admiral Nelson.\" \"Oh, pah!\" snorted the Pirate Captain. \"I think I know an impostor Admiral Nelson when I see one!\" \"But, sir -\" \"No 'buts', lieutenant. I'm surprised at you.\" Before the first lieutenant could say anything else, the Pirate Captain had already turned away, and pulled his Prize Ham out of his beard with a flourish. \"Here we go, Admiral! The Prize Ham itself!\" And he put it straight into Admiral Nelson's hand. \"It's marvellous, Captain,\" breathed Admiral Nelson in admiration as he gazed down at it. \"To plunder such a thing, you must be the most dashing, gallant... gullible idiot who ever sailed the seven seas!\" Before anyone had time to react, there was a sudden blinding explosion of gunpowder, and half the pirates in the tavern were thrown off their feet. The first lieutenant was the first who managed to totter upright again, and after glancing wildly around for a second, he managed to find the Pirate Captain's prone form through the clouds of smoke. \"Captain!\" he cried, hauling him to his feet. \"Captain, are you all right?\" \"Hell's barnacles,\" muttered the Pirate Captain, who seemed a bit dazed, but thankfully unhurt. \"That was quite a - Admiral Nelson !\" They both whipped their heads round, peering through the thinning smoke, just in time to see Admiral Nelson fleeing out the door, cackling. \"Hold it right there, you lubber!\" bellowed the Pirate Captain, grabbing both Polly and his cutlass as he tore out of the door in hot pursuit of the rogue admiral. The first lieutenant was right behind him, leaving a lot of dazed and disgruntled pirates in their wake. Outside in the street, they looked around, trying to work out where the admiral could have got to, when they heard the same triumphant cackle over by the docks. Exchanging a nod, they raced to the quayside, just in time to see a ship pulling away from the docks, ploughing straight over the poor old pirate in the jolly-boat who had come a cropper of their own ship earlier. The first lieutenant cringed, but was distracted as the ship sailed past them and they could see the name painted on her stern: the Barbary Hen . \"Sweet Neptune on rollerskates!\" cried the Pirate Captain. \"Black Bellamy!\" The pirate himself appeared at that same moment on the deck of the Barbary Hen - minus his admiral's coat, and very definitely possessing two arms - and waved the Prize Ham mockingly in their direction. \"Missing something, Captain?\" \"Unhand that ham, Bellamy!\" shouted the Pirate Captain, shaking his fist at his arch-nemesis. \"That's Admiral Bellamy to you, Pirate Captain!\" came the reply, as the Barbary Hen sailed out of the harbour towards the open sea. With a roar of frustration, the Pirate Captain tore off his hat and jumped on it for a few seconds, before cramming it, slightly crumpled, back on his head. \"Blast! Black Bellamy - I should have known! He's never done boasting about the time he disguised himself as Admiral Nelson in order to steal Admiral Collingwood's drinks cabinet.\" The first lieutenant remembered that incident. Admiral Collingwood hadn't spoken to Admiral Nelson for a month afterwards. But there were more urgent matters at hand now, and he asked, \"So what do we do, Captain?\" \"Do?\" echoed the Pirate Captain, blinking. \"Yes, Captain, do . Surely you're not going to let Black Bellamy get away with this? Isn't there some sort of pirates' code of honour that you all have to stick to? Can't your Pirate King do something about him?\" \"Oh, what's the use?\" sighed the Pirate Captain, stroking Polly sadly while she made sympathetic clucking noises. \"Bellamy always wins. I'll never be able to win even a tiny bit of respect when he keeps outwitting me like this!\" \"Captain!\" exclaimed the first lieutenant in dismay. This wasn't the type of attitude he expected from the daring, if slightly misguided, terror of the high seas who had boarded his ship that morning. \"He'll only outwit you if you let him! But if we set sail now, we can pursue him, board him, and take back the ham!\" The Pirate Captain raised his head, and was it the first lieutenant's imagination, or could he see the faintest glimmer of hope in those brown eyes? \"Do you really think I could do it, lieutenant?\" \"Of course!\" said the first lieutenant, and he meant it. \"If you can take the Competence , you can take Black Bellamy! And if you put one over on him now, it might convince him to get off your case long enough for you to work towards qualifying for Pirate of the Year!\" The Pirate Captain looked at Polly, who gave an encouraging squawk, and at the first lieutenant, who smiled at him. A grin slowly appeared on his face, and even his beard seemed to regain some of its usual glossiness. \"By Neptune, you're right, lieutenant! What am I doing, sitting about here moping like a jellyfish? Let's show that scurvy cove a thing or two about real piracy!\" He brandished his cutlass in the air, then paused. \"Ah... you'll be coming, too, won't you?\" \"Of course, sir.\" Truth be told, he had already made up his mind to accompany the Pirate Captain. A pursuit of this type would require seamanship and navigation, and all the Pirate Captain had to rely on was his own wits, and a fish in a hat. \"Excellent!\" roared the Pirate Captain. \"Hoist the flag and... er... do you happen to remember where I left the boat, lieutenant?\" And so commenced a long, gruelling chase across the seven seas (well, maybe just one or two seas). It probably should have contained plenty of hurricanes, sea monsters, and icebergs, but was really just a bit tedious, as it seemed that no matter which way they looked, the Barbary Hen always seemed to be hidden just over the edge of the horizon. The only vaguely memorable incident was when the Pirate Captain tried to slide down the rigging from the crow's nest in one smooth, expert movement, but succeeded only in burning the palms of his hands and falling the last twenty feet to the deck. The first lieutenant had to help him over to a deckchair and rub cream into his hands, scolding him gently all the while to be more careful. Apart from that, though, the chase went on without incident. The afternoon was getting on, and the first lieutenant was looking through his telescope with a distinct lack of enthusiasm, while the Pirate Captain read the latest issue of Ahoy! and Polly dozed in his lap. Then, just when it seemed that nothing would break the monotony of the horizon... \"Captain! Two points off the starboard bow!\" The Pirate Captain leapt up so fast that he nearly overset Polly, who gave a few panicky flaps of her short wings before he caught her. Stroking her head soothingly, he called to the first lieutenant, \"Is it the Barbary Hen ?\" \"I'm sure it is, sir. If we set stuns'ls, we can catch up with him in no time!\" \"Excellent, lieutenant! You set these - er - these stunning sails of yours, and we'll get after the knave!\" The stuns'ls were set, and with a noise like the screeching of tires, the pirate ship leaped across the water and to catch up with the distant ship. The thrill of the chase returned; the Pirate Captain and the first lieutenant stood at the bowsprit together, clinging to the rigging, the wind rushing through their hair and the Pirate Captain's beard, and they exchanged a smile of pure exhilaration. \"By Neptune, it's the Barbary Hen , all right!\" cried the Pirate Captain. \"Let's give him a cannonball or two, lieutenant! We'll blast the lubber out the water, just like that naval fellow who had those cannons with all the special gizmos.\" \"Philip Broke, sir.\" \"Oh, dear. Did he? I do hope he can be fixed. Anyway, let's give Bellamy a warning shot!\" Cannon number three boomed out, and the ball skittered across the deck of the Barbary Hen , knocking over pirates like bowling pins, and bowling pins like pirates, shattering the glass out of which Black Bellamy was drinking a very fancy cocktail of some kind, and snapping the little umbrella in it to boot. He leapt out of his chair in shock, and looked back through his telescope at them. \"Haha!\" crowed the Pirate Captain, watching Bellamy through his own glass. \"That's wiped the smug grin off his face, the swab! Let's board, lieutenant!\" \"Aye aye, sir!\" cried the first lieutenant, feeling a surge of very piratical emotion surge through him. He even felt the urge to put a knife between his teeth, but he managed to resist it, since that would probably just seem pretentious, and settled instead for fetching the grappling-hooks. \"Guard the ship, Number Two!\" called the Pirate Captain to the fish in a hat. Then, seizing the rope in his hands, he threw it round the mainyard of the Barbary Hen , and swung across with a roar that was almost as stentorian as his nose. The first lieutenant swung just behind. They plunged their daggers into the Barbary Hen 's mainsail and slid down with a great ripping of canvas until they landed with their feet squarely on the deck before Black Bellamy. \"Avast!\" cried the Pirate Captain, drawing his cutlass and waving the pointy end in Black Bellamy's face, while the first lieutenant did his best to look threatening in the background. \"I have you now, Bellamy!\" Black Bellamy may have shown a twinge of surprise at their warning shot and their boarding, but he quickly covered it up with the same maverick smirk that the first lieutenant recognised from his wanted posters, and swaggered over to meet them with his hand outstretched. \"Pirate Captain, my man! Thanks for dropping in,\" he said, casting a pointed glance up at his ruined mainsail. \"To what do I owe the pleasure?\" \"What's up?\" spluttered the Pirate Captain. \"Hand over my Prize Ham, Bellamy, or I'll run you through like a... like a particularly scurvy kebab!\" \"Captain, Captain,\" breezed Black Bellamy, waving his hands. \"There's obviously been some kinda misunderstanding. Me , steal a Prize Ham from my good friend, the Pirate Captain? Can you ever imagine me doing such a thing? Though, now I think about it, I thought I heard a rumour that Admiral Nelson was going around stealing pirate hams, so you might wanna check with him...\" The Pirate Captain looked down, flicking a speck of dust awkwardly from the edge of his cutlass. \"Well...\" he murmured, \"I was sure that... but I suppose there's always a chance I made a mistake...\" \"Captain, no!\" burst out the first lieutenant, unable to contain himself. \"We know what we saw! You said yourself that Black Bellamy was always boasting about his Admiral Nelson disguise.\" For the first time, Black Bellamy seemed to take notice of him. \"And who are you meant to be?\" he sneered, fixing him with a glare that might have made lesser pirates quiver, but which the first lieutenant met unflinchingly. He'd already sussed Black Bellamy for a bullying windbag who cared more for style than real piratical substance. \"Oh, he's -\" began the Pirate Captain, but the first lieutenant got in first: \"I'm his first mate.\" \"You are?\" said both the Pirate Captain and Black Bellamy at the same time, looking at him wide-eyed. \"He is?\" said Black Bellamy, rounding on the Pirate Captain. \"He is...?\" asked the Pirate Captain. Then his eyes met the first lieutenant's. \"I mean - ah - he is! Of course he is! And he saw through your sneaky trick as well, Bellamy, so don't think you can talk your way out of this one!\" Black Bellamy's mouth gave a very pleasant smile, but his eyes were scowling with a force that could wither even the most persistent barnacles off a ship's keel. \"Well, you got me,\" he said, holding up his hands and chuckling. \"I guess the only thing to do now now is settle this in true piratical fashion.\" \"Yes!\" agreed the Pirate Captain. \"With the traditional game of rummy!\" \"No,\" said Black Bellamy, and drew his own cutlass with a sudden flourish that made both the Pirate Captain and the first lieutenant jump. \"With a fight to the death!\" \"Oh,\" said the Pirate Captain. \"Yes. I knew that. En garde , then, you black-hearted fiend!\" \"Captain...\" said the first lieutenant hesitantly. \"Hush, lieutenant! I must face this alone, to satisfy my pirate honour. Have at you, Bellamy!\" \"Have at you yourself, Captain! I'll beat you as soundly as a Dracula would beat a shark!\" \"Pah! Everyone knows that a shark would probably beat a Dracula!\" \"In a straight fight, maybe, but Draculas are notoriously dirty fighters! A shark wouldn't stand a chance!\" Cutlass met cutlass with a ringing clash, and then they were at it, fighting in a hurricane of blades and beards, all the while debating whether or not a shark could beat a Dracula, all of it punctuated it with a lot of piratical roaring as they fought their way across the deck, the rigging, the yards, and even the waterslide installed around the Barbary Hen 's mainmast. The first lieutenant and the rest of Black Bellamy's crew stood around feeling a bit awkward, not really sure what they should be doing in the meantime. Some of the crew were cheering their captain on, some had begun a sweepstake on the outcome of the fight, whereas some had begun to get bored and had either started racing hermit crabs or reading from the ship's rack of out-of-date magazines. The first lieutenant found himself caught in a half-Nelson by a heavily tattooed pirate who muttered, \"Sorry, mate, it's nothing personal, but we should probably be trying to capture you, you being the Pirate Captain's first mate and all.\" \"No, that's fine,\" said the first lieutenant, a little croakily, what with the muscular arm wrapped around his neck. \"I understand.\" They both ducked a stray cutlass swing as the duel moved quite dangerously close to them. The two fighting figures whirled past, and the first lieutenant realised with a thrill that it looked as if the Pirate Captain might just manage to get Black Bellamy cornered against the ship's wheel. Black Bellamy seemed to realise this as well, for just then he pointed with his free hand and shouted, \"Look over there! A scantily-clad mermaid giving out free treasure maps!\" \"Neptune's ears! Where?\" cried the Pirate Captain, swinging round to see, and the first lieutenant wrested a hand free from the heavily tattooed pirate's grip so he could clap it over his face with a groan - but not before he saw the evil grin on Black Bellamy's face. He brought his cutlass up with a slash that might have slit the gizzard of any ordinary man, but merely rebounded off the luxuriant mass of the Pirate Captain's beard. As it did so, a number of items fell out of it, including a few grapeshot, an alarm clock, and a bottle of the Pirate Captain's beard gel (made from real bear grease), which shattered on the deck and created a spreading puddle across the timbers. Out of sheer surprise, the Pirate Captain lost his grip on his cutlass, and it flew out of his hand to wedge itself strategically between the legs of a nearby pirate, who gave the expected high-pitched screech. That was when the Pirate Captain realised that the fight was no longer in his favour, and he looked at his empty hands in dismay, then up at Bellamy, who smirked, and pressed the point of his cutlass against the Pirate Captain's chest. \"Of course, Captain,\" he drawled, \"the real reason why a Dracula would win against a shark is because a shark has no opposable thumbs to hold a cutlass. Anything you wanna say to that before I run you through?\" The first lieutenant could hardly bear to watch. He saw, as if in slow-motion, the Pirate Captain fall back a step, and Black Bellamy, his triumphant grin nearly taking up his whole face, follow him. But he just happened to place his foot in the puddle of beard gel, and with a yell, he fell back to land on the deck. The impact also caused his hat to fly off, revealing the Prize Ham hidden underneath. \"I'll have that, you rogue!\" said the Pirate Captain, snatching it up and tucking it safely into his beard, along with the alarm clock and the grapeshot. \"Here, Captain!\" said the first lieutenant, wrestling free of the heavily tattooed pirate's not particularly tenacious grip, and tossing him his own cutlass. \"Aaarrrr! Thank you, Number Two, I knew I could rely on you,\" said the Pirate Captain, pressing the point of the blade to Black Bellamy's chest. \"In answer to your question, Bellamy, everyone knows that a shark would beat a Dracula because a shark's opportunistic feeding habits mean that it can employ a variety of different hunting techniques, whereas a Dracula is limited to only one or two well-known methods of catching its prey: seducing ladies in white nighties, or turning into a vampire bat. Now, I'll just take this ham back, if you don't mind, and be on my way.\" A growl escaped Black Bellamy's throat, but he managed to smooth even that over with a smile. \"Well, it's only fair that I let my good friend the Pirate Captain win a duel every now and then.\" Wriggling back to his feet, he swept him a low bow. \"And as a token of my goodwill, I'll even let you in on a little secret about a treasure hoard of golden doubloons in Deadman's Cove. If you hurry, you might be able to find it before any other undeserving lubber gets their hands on it.\" \"Well,\" said the Pirate Captain, smiling widely, \"I say, that is remarkably civil of you, Bellamy. Thank you very much.\" The Pirate Captain and the first lieutenant stood on the deck of the pirate ship, watching the Barbary Hen sail off into the sunset, with the faint echoes of Black Bellamy's laughter floating back across the open water. \"Well, that was quite an adventure,\" said the Pirate Captain with an air of satisfaction, as he stroked Polly's head and she gave a happy coo, pleased to see him again. \"And Black Bellamy was even good enough to make amends by telling us about that hoard of doubloons in Deadman's Cove. Funny place for a hoard, don't you think, what with that nest of krakens, and all those tales about how no one who ever sails in ever sails out alive?\" \"Yes, sir,\" said the first lieutenant mildly, \"and the Royal Navy squadron scouring the nearby seas for unsuspecting pirates.\" \"Oh. Really?\" The Pirate Captain's brow furrowed as he considered this. \"You don't... you don't suppose, do you, that Black Bellamy was just trying to pull a fast one on us?\" The first lieutenant gave a smile that was already beginning to feel like a rather long-suffering one. \"Maybe, sir.\" \"Oh, barnacles,\" muttered the Pirate Captain. \"That's no good, then. But -\" He caught himself, shared a look with Polly, then went on, \"but what what about you, lieutenant? Wouldn't you like to get back to those Royal Navy chaps of yours?\" The first lieutenant sighed. He had known that he would have to make this decision sooner or later, but now that it was upon him, he felt a little rueful. \"I don't think they'd be very happy to see me again, Captain, not after I surrendered the frigate to you and then joined forces with you to retake the booty you plundered from it in the first place. In fact, I'm probably not even a lieutenant any more. I suppose now I'm just a pirate.\" He looked down at himself. \"A pirate with a scarf.\" Besides, he reflected privately, he didn't think he could go back to the Navy with a clear conscience, now that he knew there was such a person as the Pirate Captain sailing the seven seas, who would get himself into who knew what kind of trouble without anyone to look after him. \"Oh,\" said the Pirate Captain, and coughed a little. \"Well... you know - if it's piracy you're thinking of... would you consider, perhaps, being my first mate?\" \"You mean it, Captain?\" He tried not to sound too hopeful. \"Yes, of course. A dashing terror of the high seas needs his trusty second-in-command. And to be honest, that fish in a hat just isn't cut out for the job.\" They both looked over to the fo'c'sle, where the fish in a hat gulped, oblivious. \"I mean... what I mean to say is... I couldn't have done it without you, lieutenant, and you seem to know what you're doing, with the ropes and the sails and all that sort of thing.\" The first lieutenant who was no longer a first lieutenant smiled. \"It'd be a pleasure, Captain.\" \"Well, by Neptune's thunder, let's not waste any more time!\" the Pirate Captain roared, his eyes gleaming, and brandished his cutlass in the air. \"Set a course for adventure!\" \"Shouldn't we maybe think about getting a proper crew together first, Captain? It's just that adventures tend to go a lot better if there's a proper crew to work the ship.\" \"Ah. Yes, well, there might be something in that. And pirates in general are drawn to a captain with glittering eyes and a luxuriant beard.\" He stroked his own thoughtfully for a second, then remembered himself. \"Well, come on then! We've no times to sit around all day like tomatoes. The sooner we have a crew, the sooner we can have a proper adventure, preferably somewhere tropical, maybe involving mutant seaweed monsters.\" And with those words, the Pirate Captain took the helm and sent a brilliant grin over to his new first mate, who had taken his place at his side, hands folded behind his back, feeling reasonably prepared for whatever might come next. \"Hoist the flag, Number Two!\" \"Aye aye, Captain,\" said the Pirate with a Scarf, and smiled. ","Summary":" A/N: This was written as a present for my dear little sis, since it's her OTP. Hope you enjoy, wee "},{"Movie":"Pirates! Band of Misfits","Title":"Down the Tubes","Author":"ninewood","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12563815","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \" Oh, why did he let go?\" Charles thought as he slid down the white piping after the Pirate Captain had let go of his hand. He howled, screamed and yelped while banging along the seemingly endless piping then fell into something sticking and smelt something strong filling his nostrils. \"My word, I'm covered in tar!\" he said then yelped as he sailed down another pipe and tried his hardest to keep his head above the sticky mess. The next set of piping landed him in something fluffy as he fought to get free, but he kept falling and he yelped, hollered and wondered where he was going to end up. He finally stopped falling as he tumbled half blind into a room and was surprised when he slid his sticky shoes into a pair of flippers then spun around and ran face first into a rack of plungers that were hanging on a chain. One of the plungers became glued to his face as he fought to get it off and knew it was ungentlemanly to picture thrusting the wooden handle of the plunger up the Pirate Captain's bottom. \" All this just to get a girlfriend,\" Charles thought as he came crashing through the door and the Pirate Captain smiled at the sight of him. \"Charles, my dear fellow, you are such a fool. Oh well, it can't get any worse.\" As that thought left his mind, Charles saw the guards coming around the corner and sighed, rolling his eyes. ","Summary":" \" Oh, why did he let go?\" Charles thought as he slid down the white piping after the Pirate Capta"},{"Movie":"Pirates! Band of Misfits","Title":"Holyhead","Author":"WatchMeSoar","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12096726","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/n: This is a short intro for my OC. I usually don't do those, but I couldn't resist. Hopefully sometime in the future we'll see more of her, but for now, here ya go. I don't own anyone but Lottie. Holyhead was actually, Pirate with a Scarf reflected, a rather decent and well thought-out stop made by the crew, on direction of Pirate Captain. Perhaps Captain was beginning to make such important decisions of their own reputation and affluence based on bigger factors than a gut feeling. Although, considering that the crew were now scattered through the town and running from the law, perhaps the Captains gut was really something to go by, and his head something to be questioned. Scarf, Captain, the Albino Pirate, and Surprisingly Curvaceous Pirate had managed to stick together. They made their way through back alleys and side streets, dodging those who looked like a threat and all but bowling over those who did not. Pirate with a Scarf would normally, pirate reputation be damned, have avoided such behavior, or at least stopped to apologize, but…oh, there were a great many guns pointed in their direction. Stopping seamed ill-advised. \"Nothing like an invigorating chase sequence, eh, Number Two?\" Pirate Captain shouted behind him. \"My morning tea invigorates me enough for the day, I think, Captain.\" \"Nonsense,\" was the reply, \"A good dose or mortal danger is the best medicine.\" Albino Pirate squealed, \"I thought that was laughter, captain!\" \"Ah yes, my boy, but what better thing to laugh at?\" To prove his own point, Pirate Captain turned his head and theatrically guffawed at the horde of lawmen at their back. \"There's a tight alley up ahead, Captain!\" Curvaceous shouted and pointed. Scarf was grateful for Curvaceous' ability to stay on task, something that most of the crew were lacking for. He lead them around the turn, through the winding way, and was suddenly and unexpectedly stopped by a young woman blocking his path. His three trailing crew mates slammed successionally into his back. To say the young lady had meant to halt the chase would be an obvious untruth. She stood just beyond a back door to some establishment, a pale of dirty dishwater against her hip. She was a slight thing, Scarf noted, only coming up to about his shoulders—making her smaller in stature than even Albino—and her unhemmed green skirts brushed the ground. Brown hair was tied into a haphazard bun with purple ribbons, strands escaping and brushing against her startled face. She stared at them a moment, and the pirates stared back. The Captain, immediately behind Scarf, loudly hissed into his ear, \"What are you stopping for, old boy? Bowl her over like the rest and get on with running, if you please.\" But The Pirate with a Scarf did no such thing, though he did turn about to look back the way they'd come. Surprisingly Curvaceous Pirate offered his own observation. \"I don't hear anything, Captain.\" \"They haven't followed?\" \"Oh, they won't find us again, will they Captain?\" At Albino's last inquiry, Scarf swiftly turned back to the girl. Only a scream from her, one sound of distress, and they'd be running again. The sound carried against these walls, echoed off of the stone; they'd be found out for sure should she make any effort. But she did not. Unfortunately, it was a moot point. Running footsteps and shouting were heard from the other end of the alley. They could not go back the way they came, there would likely be people looking for them in all the places they'd been. The pirates stiffened, and put their hands to their weapons. The girl, with no warning, overturned the bucket. The dirty water wetted Scarf's shoes, but he was too distracted to care much. She quickly stepped back through the door and beckoned them to follow. \"Quickly, come with me.\" Captain, Albino, and Curvaceous all made to do so, but Scarf held up a hand to stop them. \"Captain, we don't know her intentions. She could mean to hand us over.\" The Pirate Captain actually stopped to consider this, regarding the young woman. Stroking his luxuriant beard and squinting his eyes, he seemed to come to his conclusions rather fast. \"I say, we trust her. She is beautiful, and it is a proven fact that beautiful woman cannot lie.\" \"But—\" \"I give you my word,\" she said, interrupting their most important discussion, \"and besides that, you don't have very many options, do you?\" That was a point Scarf had to concede to. The group entered the back door into something of a kitchen, and judging by the faint music they could hear even in here suggested that it was the kitchen belonging to a tavern. \"Up here,\" the girl said, leading them up a stairway. Private quarters, Scarf thought. Owners of establishments like this often lived just above them in apartments. There weren't many paths to freedom, from up here. She opened a door into one of the bedrooms. Obviously a lady's room, presumably hers, he didn't get much of a chance to appreciate it's neatness before he and the others were unceremoniously shoved into the wardrobe. \"Stay inside.\" Not knowing what to do but stay quiet, the quartet of pirates did what they could for comfort and waited. Minutes later, they heard someone else enter the room. \"Charlotte,\" a new, gruffer voice said, \"These men are here to search the premises for pirates. Please leave the room so that they might have a look.\" \"And why would I do that?\" \"Because, miss, we need to—\" \"You don't 'need to' anything,\" she said. For all the world she sounded civil, but there was something about her voice that suggested that she wasn't suggesting. \"Papa, to give these men permission to search my room means that you suspect me capable of giving asylum to pirates.\" \"No dearest, that's not what I—\" \"Furthermore, this is the time I take daily to relax. For my health, Papa, you remember. I embroider, you see? I was doing it just now, before I was interrupted. It is a proven scientific fact, gentlemen, that all pretty ladies practice embroidery and are naturally opposed to lying.\" The police were silent a moment, and then; \"She's got a point, lads.\" \"Yeah. Sorry for disturbing your health embroidery, miss.\" \"You rest now, dear. Take all the time you need.\" The door closed, and there was silence for a few moments before the girl could be heard rushing across the room, and the wardrobe door suddenly swung open. The pirates therein tumbled out onto the floor in a heap. they scarcely had time to right themselves before their personal space was further invaded by bright green eyes and enthusiastic smile. \"Real pirates, you are, right? I'll bet you've got loads of stories! I just love a good story, and blokes like yourselves must be positively bursting with them, what with your brine-y smell and luxuriant beards and all that. I'd love to hear a few!\" \"I'm sorry miss, but we really—\" \"Number Two, I'm surprised at you!\" Pirate Captain cut him off. \"This young lady wishes to be enthralled by tales of adventure and peril. She has graciously hidden us from the law, the least we can be expected to do as gentlemen is enthrall her.\" Curvaceous added, \"There's likely more of those police people looking for us. We've no reason to leave now.\" \"Please,\" said Albino, \"Can we stay? The Captain is the best storyteller!\" Pirate with a Scarf knew when he'd been beat. Heaving a deep sigh, he relented, but… \"…not the story about the babies.\" Pirate Captain clapped once, and struck a majestic pose befitting of an adventurer. III Two hours and forty-four minutes later, Charlotte stuck her head out the back door, looked down the street both ways, and then ushered the pirates out behind her. Curvaceous gave his thanks to the girl, \"It was mighty kind of you to hide us, miss.\" Pirate Captain made a sweeping gesture, taking her small hand in his, and kissing it. \"Ah yes, it was noble of you, my dear. Perhaps, one day, we shall once again meet.\" \"Do you think so, Pirate Captain?\" \"I do indeed! It would be most advantageous, wouldn't you agree Number Two?\" Scarf nodded to his captain, but turned to the young woman to speak. \"Miss Charlotte—\" \"Oh, Lottie. My friends call me Lottie.\" \"Miss Lottie, we are very grateful to you, but surely you must know the dangers that come with—\" \"I've been lying all day to save your skins, I think I can handle doing so again.\" Scarf narrowed his eyes just a tad, \"You lie an awful lot, for being a beautiful lady.\" She laughed a bit, \"I must not be so lovely, then.\" \"I beg to differ.\" He said it without thinking, and on a completely objective level, of course, but her cheeks tinged pink, and privately he thought it made her even lovelier. \"Number Two! Get a move-on, lad. We've got to make it back to the ship before Polly's dinner time.\" Scarf gave a nod to his Captain. Lottie said, \"You're always welcome to hide in my wardrobe.\" \"Thank you, Miss Lottie.\" \"Travel safely, Pirate with a Scarf.\" And the pirates were running down the alleyway, towards the docks where they'd commandeered a post. Night was falling, and it was time to set off. III Holyhead was a small city, all things considered, and although the water traffic never really let up, the city itself slept when the sun went down. From the stern of the ship Scarf could see street lanterns and lit windows of the town, but not much more. He heard boot steps behind him. \"Well, that wasn't such a waste of a stop, now was it?\" \"Not at all, Captain. It was lucky that Pirate with Gout was able to find that stash of silver. And limes.\" \"Yes, yes, all well and good, but that wasn't what I meant, lad.\" \"Then I'm sure I don't know what you're talking about, Captain.\" \"She was a beautiful girl. She lied quite a bit, which confuses my great scientific mind, but she was beautiful nonetheless.\" \"…Indeed. Seems she took a liking to you, Captain.\" Pirate Captain made a venture with his hand, as if waving the comment away like it was something that he received too much. \"Yes, well, it is true that young ladies are often taken with my tales—\" \"Not to mention your beard, sir.\" \"Ah, yes, of course! It is quite expected, you see, for ladies to be involved with me; to court me, if you will. But alas, my cavalier heart is married to the sea, and I shan't so freely give it to anyone or anything else. Not even my prized ham.\" \"Of course not, sir.\" \"My point is, Number Two, that I know what it looks like then a lady is interested in me.\" \"…yes sir?\" \"Our dear Miss Lottie was interested, dear fellow, but goodness, it was not in me.\" \"…\" \"…\" \"…What's our next destination, Captain?\" Like a switch had been flipped, Pirate Captain was animatedly talking about their next port like nothing prior to it had happened. \"Ireland, Number Two! We're so close already, and I hear marvelous things about their ale…\" And he was off to set the course (one which Scarf knew he'd have to correct later), and Scarf was once again left to himself. Holyhead, he thought, was indeed a good town for plundering. With a better plan and perhaps a map to find escape routes, he could see no reason that they shouldn't return. ","Summary":" A/n: This is a short intro for my OC. I usually don't do those, but I couldn't resist. Hopefully so"},{"Movie":"Pirates! Band of Misfits","Title":"A Secret Unveiled","Author":"I'm-all-about-FNAF","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9393628","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Captain, are you really sure this is such a good idea?\" asked the Pirate with a Scarf nervously. \"Of course, I am, Number Two,\" smiled the Pirate Captain reassuringly to his first mate, taking his hand into his own and giving it a little squeeze. \"When have I ever steered you wrong?\" \"When have you ever steered me wrong!?\" repeated the younger pirate in disbelief, remembering all the times when indeed the Pirate Captain had led them wrong during their numerous adventures. \"Oh, come on, Number Two!\" retorted the Captain in response. \"These are our loving crew, after all. So they'll obviously more than likely be accepting of us when we tell them.\" Ever since the Pirate Captain had confessed his love for the Pirate with a Scarf after it finally hitting him the reason why he had bought him that mug on St. Valentine's Day, the two had been keeping their relationship a secret from the rest of the crew. Although the Pirate Captain saw no real problem with them knowing about it, it was his faithful first mate who had insisted upon it, afraid to lose the affection of his fellow crew members. This was, after all, back in the day when homosexuality frowned upon, to say the least, by most people, despite it being a common occurrence amongst sailors, and very possibly pirates too. Though his friends were very dear to him, hence why he also felt a deep pang of guilt in his heart about keeping such a big secret from them, he also feared that they would also be against that sort of thing. He had no way to be sure, since it was something none of them had really discussed, certainly not in his presence anyway. Though the Pirate Captain seemed so sure that even after they had all been told, he and his first mate would still have the respect of his beloved crew all the same, so he felt now it was time to do just that. No matter how much it worried him though, it seemed to the Pirate with a Scarf that the Pirate Captain had already made up his mind. Once the rather reckless captain's mind had been made up on a decision he had made, whether it be a good or bad one, it was impossible to shift, no matter how much pleading and persuading the younger pirate would do with him. So he saw no use in arguing anymore and decided just to go along with it. \"Oh well, if you absolutely insist,\" said the Pirate with a Scarf at last, not all that enthusiastically. The Pirate Captain just looked at the worried expression on his beloved first mate's face for a few seconds before putting a comforting hand to his shoulder. \"Don't look so worried, Number Two,\" he said softly. \"The lads all love us very much. We are more than just their captain and the ship's first mate. They look to us as if we were their mother and father. So I'm sure that once they are told about us, their opinions of us will remain just as high as ever. In fact, they may very well see us as their mother and father even more.\" The younger pirate gave a small smile in response, somewhat comforted by his beloved captain's words. \"Can you promise that they won't hate us for it?\" he asked him once more. The Captain just placed a loving hand to the younger man's cheek. \"Of course they won't,\" he answered, his voice now lowered to almost a whisper. \"Trust me.\" Still unsure about the whole thing, the Pirate with a Scarf just stared into the elder pirate's dark oaken brown eyes, filled with deep love and affection, for a few moments before answering at last, \"Yes, sir.\" Smiling, the Pirate Captain leant forward and placed a soft kiss to the Pirate with a Scarf's lips. The younger pirate eagerly returned the kiss, feeling that it calmed him as it slowed down heart, which had previously been beating rapidly due to his anxiety. That was one of the many things the Pirate with a Scarf loved about kissing his captain. It always helped soothe his nerves and relaxed him. Though sadly, the kiss only lasted for a short while before the Captain pulled away. \"So, are you ready?\" asked the Pirate Captain. The Pirate with a Scarf nodded. \"Yes. Yes, let's,\" he answered, wanting really now to just get it over and done with. \"All right,\" said the Pirate Captain, giving the first mate's hand another reassuring squeeze before turning the doorknob and opening it. Sure enough, there were the crew, once again fighting each other with cutlasses, pistols, planks of woods, live lobsters, anything they could find. Another one of their discussions that had gotten out of hand, they both supposed. The Pirate Captain just rolled his eyes and turned to look at his first mate, whose face now conveyed the same annoyance he was feeling at that moment. Reaching for his own pistol, he pulled it out and fired a warning shot into the air, stopping the brawl in front of them immediately. The pirates, now frozen in their positions, just stared in absolute fear at the pair, who were both now glaring sharply at them. Just for good measure, the Pirate Captain blew away the smoke that was now slithering from the opening of the pistol in his hand before putting back into his pocket. \"Sorry, Captain,\" said the Pirate who Likes Sunsets and Kittens, letting go of the Pirate with Gout's throat, letting him drop to the floor. \"Ow!\" cried the Pirate with Gout when he hit the floor. Rubbing his backside, he then added. \"We were just discussing, what's the most important thing in a relationship?\" \"Oh, you were, were you?\" asked the Pirate Captain, his voice now lowered to an intimidating level. \"I... suggested that it might be... um... sheer and utter devotion,\" said the Pirate who Likes Sunsets and Kittens. \"Whereas, I contend,\" added the Pirate with Gout, standing and adjusting his old, tattered hat. \"It's complete understanding.\" \"And I thought it was it was the flowers and poems on St. Valentine's Day,\" the Albino Pirate chirped in as he stood next. The Pirate Captain just looked at the Pirate with a Scarf, whose hand was still in his, their fingers interlocked. The younger pirate still had his own serious expression on his face as he looked up at him, the look in those gorgeous ocean blue eyes indicating just to give his on views on the matter so that they could get straight to the very reason why they came out. The Pirate Captain nodded and looked back at the crew. \"Well, you're all of you wrong,\" he said. \"The most important thing in a relationship, isn't devotion, or understanding. It's not the flowers, or the romantic dinners, or the sappy poems. The most important thing in a relationship... is respect.\" \"Respect...?\" asked the Pirate with Gout as he and all the other pirates looked at each other, confused expressions now crossing all their faces. \"Yes,\" answered the Pirate Captain. \"When in a relationship, it is very important to make sure that your significant other really loves and respects you. It's important that they treat you like any other human being, and not just a tool for them to use for their own selfish purposes. You must always make sure that this person is utterly selfless and will treat you with all the love and respect you deserve. That is what makes a very happy relationship after all, you see?\" Just then, all the pirates looked about at each other, letting out exclamations of awe as they all nodded at each other, agreeing now that the Captain's answer was indeed the correct one. After a few seconds of watching this, the Pirate Captain cleared his throat loudly to get their attention. \"And speaking of relationships,\" he went on. \"That is exactly what Number Two and I are here to discuss with you.\" As the pirates all turned back to face the pair, the Pirate with a Scarf immediately froze, the fear starting to return to him. This was it. This was the moment which he had been dreading for so long. The moment when his friends would be told his and the Captain's big secret. As if the knowledge alone wasn't enough to rekindle his anxiety, he watched as the now eager pirates just stared at the two of them, waiting to hear what the Captain had to say. For a few moments, the dreadful silence, broken only by the lashing of the waves and the creaking of the ship's worn down rigging, just roared in his ears and his breathing became a little erratic, until the Pirate Captain began to speak again. \"The fact is, lads,\" he began. \"The Pirate with a Scarf here and I are... we're, um...\" he trailed off, obviously struggling to find the correct words to tell the crew his announcement in a way which he thought they would understand. The Pirate with a Scarf just rolled his eyes and shook his head as he let out a frustrated sigh. As dear as his Captain was to him, he was never really that great at discussing matters of the heart, especially to his own crew. So, obviously it was up to him to reveal to them what they had been hiding from them for a good few months now. He stepped forward. \" We're in a relationship, lads,\" he finished for the Captain, motioning to the both of them. For a few moments, the pirates said nothing. They just stood were they were, each with their mouths gaping and one eyebrow raised, as they just stared at the pair. Clearing his throat, the Pirate with a Scarf said, \"We're lovers, lads.\" Again, the pirates said nothing. They just scrunched their brows together as they looked between each other again. \"What exactly do you mean, 'lovers'?\" asked the Albino Pirate. \"You know, lovers ,\" the Pirate Captain answered this time. \"Just like in those Jane Austen novels. Only much less dramatic, and this time, the romance is between two handsome young men instead of one handsome young man and a pretty young woman.\" The Pirate with a Scarf just put his hand to his forehead at the Captain's rather corny choice of comparison. \"But... is such a thing even possible?\" asked the Pirate with Gout. The Pirate with a Scarf looked at his friend in surprise in response to such a question. Did he hear that right? Were his friends really that oblivious to such a fact? \"Well, apparently yes,\" the Pirate Captain answered. \"I was unaware of such possibilities myself. That is before I discovered that the Pirate with a Scarf harboured such feelings for me, and indeed before I discovered that I harboured such feelings for him also.\" \"So... you two...\" the Pirate who Likes Sunsets and Kittens began. \"You... and the Pirate with a Scarf... are an couple then?\" \"Yes, indeed we are!\" chirped the Pirate Captain proudly, putting an arm around the Pirate with a Scarf and pulling him close. Yet again, there was another short period of the pirates just staring at the pair with utter confusion, though with a little bit of surprise mixed in there as well. The only one whose face wasn't showing such emotions was the Surprisingly Curvaceous Pirate. \"His\" eyes had now sunk to the floor and a look of slight melancholy could be seen crossing \"his\" face, even underneath that huge red beard of \"his\". \"That's...\" the Pirate with an Accordion began. \"Why that's... that's...\" He, like the rest of the crew, was just so speechless and simply could not seem to find the right words to describe how he was feeling about it. It was at this moment that Pirate with a Scarf really started to cringe. He closed his eyes and clenched his teeth in absolute dread, expecting now to hear some sort of curse or a full handful of abuse thrown at them now from his beloved crew about how they thought that sort of thing wasn't right. \"Fantastic!\" cried the Albino Pirate, clapping his hands excitedly as he jumped up and down on the spot. Just then, the Pirate with a Scarf opened his eyes and was immediately met with the Albino Pirate staring right back at him and the Pirate Captain with a huge grin plastered across his milky white face. And if that wasn't surprising enough, he took a look around at the rest of the crew and saw that they were all smiling from ear to ear as well. \"What? Really?\" he asked, still a bit unsure as to what he was hearing. \"Well, of course!\" answered the Pirate with Gout happily. \"Why wouldn't it be?\" \"So... so then... you don't think it's wrong?\" asked the first mate again. \"Not at all!\" the Pirate with Gout told him reassuringly, waving his hand in a dismissive fashion. \"In fact, if anything, I think it's quite cool, the idea of two people of the same gender falling in love with each other. Makes a change from the same old male-on-female romances we're always hearing about.\" \"We're all very happy for you two,\" smiled the Pirate who Likes Sunsets and Kittens. \"Looking at the both of you now, I can't help but feel that you make an adorable couple.\" At first, the Pirate with a Scarf just let out a huge sigh of relief. Thank goodness for that , he thought. He actually felt a little bit silly now for fearing that his adoring friends would hate him and the Captain for telling them something he knew was seen as an abomination by most people who lived in that day in age. \"Why, thank you, Pirate who Likes Sunsets and Kittens,\" said the Pirate Captain, returning the burly pirate's smile. At that moment, the Pirate with a Scarf couldn't help but smile too. Not only now was he happy that nothing terrible would befall them both for coming out, but that they now had just received the crew's blessing, which warmed his heart to no end. \"Thank you, all of you,\" he said to them. \"You're welcome!\" chirped the Albino Pirate again. \"No problem,\" said the Pirate with Gout, winking. \"Don't mention it,\" said the Pirate who Likes Sunset and Kittens. If the Pirate with a Hook for a Hand still had both his hands, he would've given the pair a two thumbs up. Though sadly, he didn't so he could only give them a one thumb up as he grinned happily at them. The Pirate with an Accordion expressed his approval by, of course, starting to play a sweet, romantic tune on his beloved instrument. The smile remained in the Pirate with a Scarf's face until his eyes fell upon the Surprisingly Curvaceous Pirate. Then his heart sank a little when he saw that although \"he\" was also now smiling at them, there was still a hint of sadness in \"his\" eyes. Even before the Pirate with a Scarf realised his own feelings for the Captain, secretly, he was pretty much the only one out of them all that knew that \"he\" was actually a \"she\" wearing a false beard and that she had had a crush on him as well. He hoped then that she would soon comes to terms with it all, because it always pained him to see his fellow crew members unhappy. \"Now, if you'll excuse us,\" the Pirate Captain began, tightening his grip around his beloved first mate. \"Number Two and I have some very important business to discuss. We shall meet you down in the dining cabin later for dinner.\" As he said this, he and the Pirate with a Scarf turned and headed back towards the door to his cabin. \"Aye, aye, Captain!\" the whole crew answered at once. The two lovers went into the cabin and closed the door behind them. The Pirate Captain turned to face the Pirate with a Scarf and grinned down at him. \"See? I told you it would be all right, didn't I, Number Two?\" he told him, patting him affectionately on the back. The Pirate with a Scarf chuckled. \"Yes, Captain, you certainly did?\" he smiled back at him. \"I can't believe I was foolish enough to worry about such a ludicrous thing like that.\" The Pirate Captain just laughed heartily. \"Oh, I wouldn't worry too much about it now, Number Two,\" he reassured him. \"I'm sure everyone has their moments when they worry about something which turns out to be really nothing at all.\" \"I suppose you're right, Captain,\" the younger pirate replied. It was at this moment that he finally felt a peace. Since he first discovered about his feelings for the elder pirate, he had felt completely insecure and kept them from the whole world. He dared not to breathe a single word about it to anyone, the chances of finding a single person understanding enough to accept him for who he was having been very remote. Even after the Captain himself told him he had worked him out and then confessed his own love for him that he still worried about what would happen to them should they be found out. But now that their secret was out, and that his closest friends had accepted them, all the worry that had been weighing him down all these months was finally lifted from his shoulders and he could relax again. Looking back on it now, getting it out pretty much felt like a welcome release. Seeing the relieved expression on the younger man's face, the Pirate Captain leaned into him and kissed him passionately on the lips. The Pirate with a Scarf immediately returned the kiss as he wrapped his arms around the Captain's neck. The elder pirate then wrapped his own around his lover's waist, pulling him into a loving embrace as he deepened their kiss. When the two felt themselves begin to run low on air, they reluctant pulled away and just stared lovingly into each other's eyes. The Pirate Captain placed a calloused hand to the Pirate with a Scarf's face, brushing the soft skin there with his thumb. \"I love you, Number Two,\" he whispered softly to him. The Pirate with a Scarf smiled sweetly him as he put his hand over his lover's. \"I know,\" he whispered back. \"I love you too.\" His smile now evolving into a grin, the Captain leaned in for another kiss with his precious first mate. ","Summary":" \"Captain, are you really sure this is such a good idea?\" asked the Pirate with a Scarf nervously."},{"Movie":"Pirates! Band of Misfits","Title":"A Profitable Consultation","Author":"WatchMeSoar","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12304978","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/n: This is sort of a continuation of my previous story Holyhead. It does, however, take place some time later, not too long into the future but after a few more visits to Holyhead and to Lottie. Just another one shot because I think the friendship between the Pirate Captain and Pirate with a Scarf is adorable. I know that a lot of people ship the two, but I honestly see them as surrogate brothers more than anything else. Hence, the following scene. The Pirates! belong to Gideon Defoe and Aardman, respectively. III They left at dawn this time. They'd figured out after a few tries that going into the city at night was more efficient than trying to find shadows during the day (Pirate Captain had at first insisted on some of his more convoluted disguises, but in some instances, they found, it was more conspicuous to go galavanting around in an elaborate guise than it was to slink through the shadows as pirates). So, as the sun began to creep through the morning fog, the Pirate Captain and his crew set off. This time Holyhead had gifted them with more limes, beer, some real silver dining utensils and more of that oil Albino Pirate used to keep himself from burning. All things considered, a good haul. The Pirate Captain always felt better about their looting when there was actually something of monetary worth in the loot, and he'd bet his better foot that that silverware was worth something. The Pirate with a Scarf had been conspicuously absent from the raids, although no one stopped for a long enough moment to consider this. He'd been, instead, at The Grimy Jack with Miss Lottie. It was clear to anyone that Lottie had wanted for some time to see the ship and meet the crew, but Scarf had yet to concede to let her do so. He still held reservations about a young lady such as Lottie mingling herself in with the likes of them. Make no mistake, he was always happy to see her, and he himself held no qualms about their way of life, but the though of what people would do should anyone see her out with them was more than a little unpleasant. But she was wearing him down, and he knew that eventually he'd give in, but for now he would hold fast, and the two would meet at her father's tavern. Leaving like this, again, was something that was weighing on him. Standing on deck, watching the misted lights of the city fade away, he felt, like he always did, like the lowest of barnacles. \"Number Two!\" came a shout from behind him, \"another successful venture to Holyhead, wouldn't you say so?\" \"Indeed, Captain. The silverware was a good find.\" \"And Albino's oil. Without it he looks more like an underdone lobster than a milk bottle.\" \"Yes, sir.\" \"And, eh…how was our Miss Lottie?\" \"She was well, sir. Still insists on coming aboard.\" The Captain contemplated for a moment, \"Well, why don't we let her?\" Scarf looked toward his Captain then, and in all honesty struggled a bit with finding the right words. \"She…well sir, she's a lady, and we're pirates. On a pirate ship.\" \"Indeed we are, lad. Well done, figuring that out.\" \"What I mean, Captain, is that I'm not so sure I should be doing this.\" \"Doing what, Number Two?\" Well, Scarf thought, might as well. The Captain was his superior, yes, but also his friend. \"I…sir, you must know that I—well, I find Miss Lottie quite charming.\" The Pirate Captain took a ponderous pose, stroking his luxuriant beard in thought, and nodded, \"Yes, yes, I can tell. She is fond of you too, yes?\" Scarf almost choked on air, but managed to hold himself steady. \"Well, that is…she might have been a little…she's said some things that one could interpret as…\" he sighed, giving up. After a moment, he started over. \"Captain, I'm afraid I'm not doing the right thing.\" The Pirate Captain scoffed, \"Now Number Two, if there's one thing you're good at doing it's doing things rightly.\" \"She has a life in Holyhead, Captain,\" Pirate with a Scarf said, as though he didn't hear his friend, \"Should she be seen with me, it would ruin her reputation at best. She'd be wanted.\" \"All the more reason to get her acquainted with the workings of a boat.\" \"Captain!\" \"Confound it, Number Two!\" the Pirate Captain said, slapping a hand on the bulwark, \"Have you given any thought as to what she might want?\" \"I…what do you mean, sir?\" The Pirate Captain turned to better face his first mate, and said, \"Hardly anybody aboard this ship became a pirate because they had nothing left. It had been my greatest aspiration since boyhood to be a terror of the seas. You gave up a promising career in the Royal Navy.\" Scarf knew where this conversation was going. The worst bit of it was that he didn't have a good rebuttal. \"Pirating is in our blood, Number Two; our spirits!\" the Captain said, \"What if, maybe, Miss Lottie's spirit isn't so different from ours, hmm? Not to mention that pirating, in her case, might come with something extra?\" With that, he wagged his eyebrows none-too-subtly. \"…I don't like it when you start making good points, sir.\" The Pirate Captain grinned winningly, and clapped Scarf on the back. \"The next time we visit, what do you say we show her around the ship?\" \"I think she'd like that, Captain.\" \"Good lad,\" the Captain said, \"We'll make a pirate out of her, yet!\" \"You'd allow a woman on your crew, Captain?\" \"Well, why not?\" he asked. \"Cutlass Liz does alright for herself, and I don't know any more lady pirates—\" Scarf suppressed the urge to roll his eyes\"—but I have every confidence that Lottie could keep up. Though, the name…\" Scarf screwed up his face a bit in confusion. \"Is something the matter with her name, sir?\" \"Well, not now, \" The Captain said, as though the question was a ridiculous one. Perhaps it was. \"But 'Lottie' is such a, well, a… name .\" \"…Ah. I see.\" And he did; it wasn't as if he'd been gifted the moniker \"Pirate with a Scarf\" at birth, now was it? The Pirate Captain went on, talking at Scarf while thinking of possible nicknames. \"Now let's see. 'Pirate with purple ribbons'? 'The exceptionally short pirate'—er, 'pirate-ess'? Oh blast, I'm afraid I'm not familiar with the etiquette of addressing lady pirates. What say you, Number Two?\" \"I say, Captain,\" he said after a moment's thought, \"that if we wish to avoid sailing into a gale we should return before the summer's end.\" The Pirate Captain gave a wide smile, and clapped Scarf's shoulder. \"Good man!\" he said. \"And what's more, that's a marvelous time of year for a Ham Nite! We'll make her first night aboard one to remember.\" And the Captain went on, planning the party that would prove to be Lottie's initiation. Even before they'd discussed it with her, Scarf was almost certain she'd join the crew, given the chance. It was an idea that was growing on him. ","Summary":" A/n: This is sort of a continuation of my previous story Holyhead. It does, however, take place som"},{"Movie":"Pirates! Band of Misfits","Title":"Love Heals All Wounds","Author":"I'm-all-about-FNAF","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10149848","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was a bright, sunny afternoon when the Pirate Captain's worn down ship was docked once again at Blood Island. The crew were all sitting out on the deck, doing target practice by throwing knives and firing pistols at less than artistic pictures their Captain had painted of Queen Victoria on numerous barrels as they enjoyed the afternoon sun. The only one who didn't really feel like taking part in such activity was the ship's first mate, the Pirate with a Scarf. He was just leaning against the rail of the ship, looking out onto the streets of Blood Island. He was watched as other pirates walked up and down the cobbled streets, thinking of his beloved captain, who had snuck off on his own earlier, no doubt to the Barnacle's Face, as he and the rest of the crew knew that was the Pirate Captain's favourite place to go on the island. \"I wonder where the Captain's gone off to,\" he soon heard the Pirate with Gout say. \"It's a bit strange, isn't it?\" said the Albino Pirate, who had Polly seated on his lap. \"Why would he just disappear like that so early in the morning without telling us first?\" \"It's definitely not like him at all,\" commented the Surprisingly Curvaceous Pirate. \"I wonder what's up with him.\" \"Oh, he's probably just snuck off the Barnacle's Face,\" answered the Pirate with a Scarf irritably, as he walked over to his crew and took a seat in amongst them. \"But why?\" asked the Albino Pirate. \"Why would he go there on his own. Usually he lets us go with him.\" The Pirate with a Scarf sighed. \"I don't know, Albino Pirate,\" he just answered, shaking his head solemnly. \"I suppose he just wanted a bit of time to himself is all.\" \"Why doesn't he just go into his cabin for that?\" asked the Pirate with Gout. The Pirate with a Scarf just shrugged. \"I'm not sure,\" he said. Turning back to face the direction of the Barnacle's Face, he then added. \"I just hope that Black Bellamy doesn't decide to show his face there today. You know what happens when those two are in the same room.\" In response, the whole crew just sighed in unison. Oh yes, they all knew exactly what happened every time the Pirate Captain and his arch nemesis, Black Bellamy were in the same room. Black Bellamy and the Pirate Captain had a long history of fighting like cat and dog, always caused by the more successful pirate teasing their dear captain whenever the opportunity presented itself. Usually, when it was only verbal insults aimed at the Pirate Captain himself, he could usually just ignore it. However, whenever he started to insult his beloved crew, especially the Pirate with a Scarf, that was when all hell would break loose. The first mate was actually very surprised that neither of them have ended up being barred from that damned pub yet from all the times the two captains had fought with each other. Then again, he decided that he shouldn't really be all that surprised after all. Black Bellamy was a very popular pirate after all and was much loved amongst his peers. The Pirate Captain on the other hand wasn't anywhere near as successful, so it was probably down to the fact that he was pretty much the butt of all the other pirates' jokes, so they probably enjoyed laughing at him and ridiculing him too much. It was thoughts like these that caused the Pirate with a Scarf to wish that indeed they would get barred eventually, since it always broke his heart to see that sort of thing befall his dear captain. Despite how worried he was, the Pirate with a Scarf decided not to think anymore of it for now and thought he would join his friends in their target practice. Funnily enough, it actually made him feel a lot better, especially since he now imagined the images of Queen Victoria to be those of Black Bellamy, who he hated for causing so much misery to his captain. Normally, the Pirate with a Scarf wasn't one to succumb to such strong feelings of hatred, but secretly, when it came to someone like Black Bellamy, he was willing to make an exception. ~ A few hours later, the Pirate with a Scarf was in the Pirate Captain's cabin. He had finished tidying up the various maps that were scattered all over the desk, rolling them up and putting them in their proper places before picking up the \"World's Best Captain\" mug. Just as he had taken it below decks on his way to the kitchen to make his captain a fresh cup of tea for when he returned, he immediately stopped in his tracks when he heard the concerned voices of the crew above. As he turned round, the hatch opened and down lumbered the Pirate Captain himself, clutching his stomach and his expression one of absolute pain and sheer anger. His clothes were torn, there were cuts and bruises all over his face and hands and one of his eyes now resembled the much dreaded Black Spot. \"Captain!\" he cried, instantly rushing up to him. \"What in Neptune's name has happened to you!?\" The Captain just held up a hand and forced a smile onto his badly bruised face. \"I'm all right, Number Two,\" he simply answered. \"You don't look all right to me , sir!\" the younger pirate retorted, placing a gentle hand his beloved captain's shoulder, only to quickly jerk it back when the elder pirate winced in pain. \"Sorry. So what happened?\" \"Nothing,\" said the Pirate Captain, shaking his head. \"Just help me to my cabin.\" \"Yes, sir,\" his first mate answered, taking an arm of the captain's and wrapping it round his shoulder and wrapping his free arm around his back to support him as he helped him through to his cabin. Once there, he placed the mug on the small side table just before carefully helping the Pirate Captain onto his hammock. The elder pirate let out a grunt of pain as he just flopped down onto the hammock. \"So what on earth happened to you?\" asked the Pirate with a Scarf again, trying to make eye contact with the Pirate Captain. \"I keep telling you, Number Two, it's nothing,\" the Pirate Captain answered, now getting quite annoyed with his first mate's persistence, even though he deeply appreciated his concern. \"Just get me some rum or something and I'll be fine.\" Deciding that it would be best not to argue anymore, the Pirate with a Scarf just did what he was told and quickly left the cabin. He came back a few minutes later with a mug of rum, a white cloth and a bowl of water. Kneeling down in front of his captain, the younger pirate dipped the cloth into the bowl and wrung it out before dabbing it over the cuts on the Pirate Captain's face. The elder pirate hissed at the stinging sensation it brought, though he started to feel somewhat more relaxed thanks to the coolness of the cloth and the softness of his beloved first mate's hand. \"I've mixed some vinegar in with the water,\" explained the Pirate with a Scarf. \"That should help prevent any infection from getting in.\" \"Thanks, Number Two,\" breathed the Pirate Captain. \"I do wish you would tell me what happened to you, sir,\" said the Pirate with a Scarf as he handed the Captain his rum. \"Oh, honestly, Number Two,\" the Pirate Captain answered, taking the mug from his faithful first mate before taking a big gulp from it. \"I do appreciate your concern for me, but it really is nothing. I promise you.\" However, the Pirate with a Scarf was really not the least bit convinced. Well, how could he be if his beloved Captain was now covered head to toe in cuts and bruises all of a sudden? He sighed. \"Captain, please...\" Looking at the doubtful expression on the younger pirate's face, the Pirate Captain decided then just to give up and tell him. \"All right, all right,\" he sighed. Taking another swig of his rum, he went on, \"I was at the Barnacle's Face today. Had another run-in with... you know who...\" The Pirate with a Scarf sighed irritably. \"Black Bellamy..?\" he asked, giving him a disapproving look. The Pirate Captain nodded. \"Yes...\" he replied shamefully. \"Captain, what have I told you about rising to the bate with him?\" asked the Pirate with a Scarf, very annoyed now. \"You know that's what he wants.\" \"I know, Number Two,\" said the Pirate Captain apologetically. \"I can ignore him now when he insults me , right enough. It doesn't matter to me now, because I know that I'm better than him. Well, in here anyway,\" he said, pointing to his heart. \"But it's when he insults the crew, especially you. That's when I lose my temper.\" Once the Pirate Captain had finished his explanation, there was a short period of silence as the Pirate with a Scarf just kept dabbing at the Pirate Captain's wounds before he said thoughtfully, \"You know, Captain. Maybe you should just stop going to the Barnacle's Face.\" The Pirate Captain just looked at his beloved first mate in disbelief. \"What!?\" \"I know you love it there, sir,\" the younger pirate went on. \"But the fact is, every time that Black Bellamy shows his face whenever we're there, it always just ends in tears. It's for reasons like this that... well, look at you! One of these days, you two are going to end up killing each other!\" The Pirate Captain sighed. \"I know, Number Two,\" he said. \"It's just there aren't any other pubs on Blood Island that we can go to?\" \"Really, Captain,\" said the Pirate with a Scarf, giving him another disapproving look. \"Is that all you can think about? Getting drunk whenever the opportunity presents itself?\" \"Certainly not!\" retorted the Pirate Captain, a little bit offended by the first mate's comment. The Pirate with a Scarf just laughed. \"Only teasing, sir,\" he smiled, giving him a little wink. Then his expression went back to being serious. \"But all joking aside now. Promise me you'll at least give that place a break until you think you can ignore any comments made by that bully.\" The Pirate Captain just stared lovingly into the younger pirate's ocean blue eyes, seeing all the love and worry from within. Not only was the Pirate with a Scarf his right hand man, he was also his most trusted adviser. Though there were times when the reckless Captain ignored his dear first mate's advise, secretly he always listened to whatever he had to say. Deciding to heed the younger man's advice this time, he cupped his cheek in his strong hand. \"I promise,\" he smiled. The Pirate with a Scarf returned his Captain's loving gaze before leaning up and pressing his lips against the Pirate Captain's. The elder pirate wrapped his arms around his first mate's waist as he returned his kiss, deepening it somewhat. \"You know I'm only concerned for your well-being, sir,\" whispered the Pirate with a Scarf. The Pirate Captain smiled again. \"I know,\" he whispered back. \"And believe me, I'm very thankful for it.\" He then gave the younger pirate little wink of his own. The younger pirate returned his smile before they shared another loving kiss. It was at this moment that Pirate Captain found himself feeling rather quite content again. It was at times like these that he was very grateful indeed to have the Pirate with a Scarf by his side. He knew he could always count on his beloved first mate to be there for him to help tend to any wounds he gets, physical or psychological. When they reluctantly parted again, the Pirate with a Scarf went on tending to the Pirate Captain's wounds. ","Summary":" It was a bright, sunny afternoon when the Pirate Captain's worn down ship was docked once again at "},{"Movie":"Pirates! Band of Misfits","Title":"Plant Food","Author":"ninewood","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12565512","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Tell me again what we're looking for,\" the Pirate Captain said as Charles Darwin fell to the ground after a large branch swung back and smacked him in the chest. \"It is a very rare and valuable carnivorous plant. The flowers alone are worth a fortune!\" Charles said and dollar signs appeared in the Pirate Captain's head \"Is that it?\" the Pirate Captain asked, pointing to the large plant sitting in the grass in front of them. \"Yes, it is,\" Charles said as the flower smiled, showing them rows of sharp teeth then moved closer and snapped at them. \"Run!\" ","Summary":" \"Tell me again what we're looking for,\" the Pirate Captain said as Charles Darwin fell to the gro"},{"Movie":"Pirates! Band of Misfits","Title":"Simple Antidotes","Author":"I'm-all-about-FNAF","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10146332","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Pirate Captain was a little worried, because he hadn't seen the Pirate with a Scarf all day since he got up earlier that morning. Ever since they were married, it was usually his trusty scarf-wearing husband who would be first to awake and get up to get ready for the day ahead. However, on this particular morning, it was the Captain who got up first. Even after he had dressed and left the cabin, the first mate was still sound asleep in the hammock. At first, he assumed that the younger pirate had just decided to have a bit of a lie in that morning, though that was before he remembered that that wouldn't have been like the Pirate with a Scarf at all. He concluded then that something wasn't quite right, and as the day went on, he got more and more worried. While he was in his office, studying some of his old maps, he eventually found that he couldn't concentrate because all he could think about was the Pirate with a Scarf, still in their cabin below decks and he had grown so worried about him that he soon just gave up. Standing up from his chair, we walked towards the door, not noticing the questioning look from his beloved dodo Polly, who was sitting next to him on the desk. He opened the door and went outside, which caused his crew to cease in their shanty singing, their eyes immediately tuning towards him. But he took no notice; he just walked through them across the deck towards the hatch which led below. \"Everything all right, Captain?\" asked the Pirate with Gout, having obviously seen the worried expression on the Captain's face. \"No, not really, Pirate with Gout,\" he answered, not even turning round to face him. \"What's wrong?\" asked the Surprisingly Curvaceous Pirate. \"It's the Pirate with a Scarf,\" replied the Captain solemnly. \"He hasn't come out of our cabin all day, and I am very concerned about him.\" \"Oh dear, I hope he's okay,\" said the Albino Pirate. \"So do I, Albino Pirate,\" said the Captain. He turned round to face the young pirate and repeated, \"So do I.\" before opening the hatch and descending the stairs leading below, carefully closing said hatch behind him. Walking through the corridor, he reached the door to the cabin he shared with the Pirate with a Scarf before knocking it. \"Who is it?\" called a voice from within which could only have belonged to the scarf-wearing pirate. The Pirate Captain was very relieved to hear that his beloved first mate was now awake, but that relief quickly diminished when he heard that his husband's voice was a touch on the hoarse side. \"It's me, Number Two!\" he answered. \"Are you all right?\" \"Not really, sir,\" the first mate replied. In that instant, the Pirate Captain turned the knob, opened the door and went inside. His eyes immediately fell upon the Pirate with a Scarf, who was sitting up on the hammock, propped up against some pillows and just staring out the window at the blue ocean all around. At first, he looked as though there wasn't much wrong with him, but when he turned to face him the Captain's anxiety grew when he finally saw the state his husband was in. He was as pale as a ghost and there were huge bags under his eyes, which had now glazed over so much that they had lost that beautiful sapphire colour which they normally held. Without thinking, the Captain instantly strode towards the hammock, knelt down beside his husband and put his hand to his forehead. Feeling that his temperature had risen, he took his hand into his own and asked him, \"Why didn't you tell me you were ill, Number Two?\" The Pirate with a Scarf smiled and shook his head. \"You were already gone by the time I had woken up, sir,\" he laughed. \"Oh... of course... so I was,\" answered the Pirate Captain sheepishly. \"But how did you end up sleeping in so late? Usually, you're up earlier than me. In fact, I normally have to rely on you to get me up every morning.\" The Pirate with a Scarf sighed, putting his hand to his forehead. \"I barely got a wink of sleep last night because of this terrible headache had suddenly started up,\" he explained. \"When I woke up, it had gotten so much worse and I just generally felt really unwell all morning.\" \"Have you taken anything for it?\" asked the Captain. The Pirate with a Scarf nodded. \"Yes, I took some aspirin for it not too long ago. It feels a little better now, but it still hurts. I think the best thing for me, at the moment, would be just to rest it off.\" \"So then... it's not serious?\" the Pirate Captain asked hopefully. The first mate chuckled. \"No, sir,\" he said, smiling. \"It's just a cold. It will pass.\" \"Oh, well then, if you're sure,\" answered the elder pirate, relieved to hear that what his husband was suffering from wasn't of any consequence, but at the same time, hoping that he wasn't just telling him that to stop him from worrying about him. \"Is there anything I can get you at all?\" At that moment, the Pirate with a Scarf put a hand over his mouth as he began to cough. \"Actually, sir,\" he began, lowering his hand to his chest with a slightly pained expression on his face. \"If you could get me a glass of water to help me with this damned cough. Make sure it's from the tap and none of that horrible sea water from any of the barrels.\" \"Of course,\" answered the Captain, immediately standing up. Just before he had risen to his full height, he planted a kiss to the Pirate with a Scarf's cheek. \"Won't be a minute,\" he said before turning and leaving the cabin. Upon entering the galley, he took a glass out of one of the cabinets and began to fill it under the cold tap in the sink. \"How is he, Captain?\" The Pirate Captain turned to see that the Pirate with Gout had followed him down the stairs and was now standing at the galley door, the look of concern still on his face. \"Oh, he's fine,\" answered the Captain. \"He's just got a cold is all.\" \"Oh well, that's good, sir,\" replied the Pirate with Gout, nodding in satisfaction. \"The rest of us were all getting worried up there, so I thought I'd come down and check.\" \"Thank you, Pirate with Gout,\" smiled the Pirate Captain, turning off the tap. Turning back towards his friend, he said, \"Listen, I'm going to be staying down here with the Pirate with a Scarf for a while. Would you do me a favour and ask the Albino Pirate to take care of Polly for me for a bit, just until I come back up?\" \"Yes, sir,\" said the Pirate with Gout, nodding before turning and hobbling his was through the corridor back towards the stairs. The Captain too, left the galley with the water and made his way back to the cabin, where his husband was waiting for him. He opened the door, went inside, walked towards the first mate again and handed him the glass. The Pirate with a Scarf took it from him gratefully and took a sip. \"Hmm, that's better,\" he sighed contentedly as the cold liquid slipped down his throat, soothing the ragged feeling there just a little. Looking up at the elder pirate, he smiled and said, \"Thank you, sir.\" The Pirate Captain returned his lover's smile. \"Not a problem, Number Two,\" he answered, pulling up a chair and took a seat next to him. He kept his gaze upon his husband as he drank the rest of the water. At one point, he even took his hand into his own and gently caressed it with his callused thumb. They probably would've gotten into conversation then, but the Pirate Captain felt it best for the first mate to rest his voice as much as he could while his throat was hurting him. So instead, they just sat together in total silence, listening to the boat creaking as it sailed gently through the ocean. When the Pirate with a Scarf had finished, he placed the now empty glass on the side table next to the hammock. Then his eyes clenched shut and he grimaced slightly as he leant his head back a little before throwing itself forward again as he let out a loud sneeze. \"Ugh...\" he groaned miserably as the fuzzy feeling in his head began to return. \"Are you all right, Number Two?\" asked the Pirate Captain, giving his husband's hand a light squeeze. The Pirate with a Scarf shook his head. \"Not really,\" he answered quietly, picking up a handkerchief and wiping his nose with it. \"I think that headache is starting to come back.\" Settling back down against the pillows, he added, \"So I should probably try and sleep it off again.\" At that moment, the Pirate Captain stood up and removed his hat, coat and shoes. Picking up the covers, he proceeded to climb into the hammock with the first mate. \"What are you doing, Captain?\" asked the Pirate with a Scarf. \"What does it look like I'm doing, Number Two?\" the Pirate Captain asked back as he settled down and pulled his husband close to him. \"But Captain, if you lie with me while I've got this cold, you'll catch it too,\" said the first mate, now understanding what his husband's intentions were. \"I don't care,\" replied the Captain, having lowered his voice. \"I really hate seeing you like this,\" he went on, lovingly caressing his face. \"So I will do what I can to comfort you. And besides, you have nursed me back to health every time I have been sick or injured, so think of this as repayment.\" The Pirate with a Scarf couldn't help but smile sweetly up at the Captain. He understood that since this was obviously the first time the Pirate Captain had seen him get sick since after they were married, he wasn't used it. So, he really couldn't blame him for being just a little bit overprotective. To help him feel better, he decided not to argue anymore and to just let him stay with him. Snuggling closer to his husband, he said, \"Thank you, sir.\" \"Not at all, Number Two,\" replied the Pirate Captain before leaning down and pressing his lips against the first mate's in a loving kiss. \"I love you,\" he whispered when they parted. \"I love you too,\" the Pirate with a Scarf whispered back, closing his eyes and resting his head against his husband's chest. For a little while, the two just lay like that, the Pirate Captain holding the Pirate with a Scarf close to him, stroking his rowan hair as he kept his gaze upon him. He truly hated seeing his beloved husband in this state and wished that he could've helped him get better simply by staying with him. However, the harshness of reality meant that that was not to be, but he was still pleased to see that his presence brought some comfort to the younger man at least. Leaning down again, he gently kissed his husband's forehead before resting his head against the pillow. Closing his eyes, he listened to the Pirate with a Scarf's ragged breathing before he too slipped away into a pleasant sleep. ","Summary":" The Pirate Captain was a little worried, because he hadn't seen the Pirate with a Scarf all day sin"},{"Movie":"Pirates! Band of Misfits","Title":"From the Start","Author":"Alice Hates Wonderland","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9252081","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A History Wow, I'm a huge fan of the series and have been for about a year. I just now got around to writing a fan fic about it. Pretty pathetic, huh? Anyway, I love this series, the books, the movie, all of it. So I did this. I've always wondered how the Pirate Captain and Pirate with a Scarf first met, being they are my two favorites (and current OTP), thus this was created. I guess, lets get on with it. Oh, by the way, I do realize that English impressement ended in 1815, but I mean, we are dealing with a series that has dealt with Charles Darwin, Karl Marx, and Mary Shelley, I think I can stretch history a tad. And I mean, Bellamy was thought to have been impressed, a whole hundred years before the books so I'm not too far off. How did he get there? On his hands and knees scrubbing the grime coated deck. His fingers burned as he gripped the hand brush, suds of soapy water dripping from all the way up to his elbows. He hated this. He knew he was a cabin boy and he was definitely used to this treatment. But it wasn't his current position that was so distasteful, but rather his current location. A navy vessel, as an impressed naval soldier. Right, that's how he got there, when he was back at the docks. He had just gotten back from sailing to the Americas, on his vessel, er, his former vessel. On shore leave, he was, going with one of his shipmates to enjoy a few days of real, not salted, food and water that hadn't been fermenting for weeks at a time. It was Tyr, his closest cohort, who was walking down the wharf with im. It was with he that he saw the tides of sailors split, running to all ends of the docks to get away . It was with he that he began to see the danger approaching, in men with dark blue uniforms with dangling medals and honors upon their breast. It was with he that he was clapped in irons, thrown against another soldier, and then forced to march upon the ship he now resided on. But where was Tyr? He had gotten away. He had seen the boy running back to his ship. He knew he'd tell the captain and crew about his fate. Leaving him stuck aboard this ship. Since his time upon the ship he had been shuffled from place to place, each time collecting a new bruise or scar from the \"fine\" treatement. Because he was so young, the soldiers automatically assumed that he had no knowledge in the ways of the sea; that he was just some scrawny lad that snuck aboard to escape the life of a beggar. And thus had stuck him with cleaning duties. In which they were wrong to assume. At his current age, two decades old, he had already spent nearly ten years at sea. They weren't wrong about him sneaking away to escape it all, but it hadn't been recent. Sweat began to pool on the back of his neck underneath his shoulder length matted hair. He hadn't been able to pay too much attention to his physical appearance, not since he'd had all his effects confiscated back at the shore. Left to change into the standard uniform, he had nothing but his original underclothes to call his. He let out a long pant, hoping to god that the sun would, for a brief moment, retire behind the white wisps of clouds and relieve the heat a bit. No such luck, thought he, as he looked up, wiping sweat off of his brow and leaving a trail on his sleeve. He pulled a face, seriously wondering why these soldiers dared to dress so hot. It was the middle of July. Suddenly he heard footsteps approaching quickly, and he ducked back to work. He frantically ran the brush up and down the boards of the deck. He hoped his brief rest had gone unnoticed. Unfortunately, as he felt someone pulling him to his feet from the roots of his hair, it had not. A rather burly, dirty man with teeth nearly as black as soot and spots of skin where rashes had not been allowed to heal glared at him. \"Who said you were allowed to stop?\" asked he, his breath like a cloud wrapping around the young man. In the his grasp he felt smothered. \"I-I- didn't mean to…\" he stuttered, watching as his captor wrapped his hand tighter around the whip he grasped, the opposite still holding him. As quick as a flash he was thrown against the main sail, turned around and forced to lean against it. He didn't want to admit it, but he was terrified, especially as the man pulled his collar, yanking the coat off of his back and revealing his bare back to the elements. One lash, he felt, burned into his skin. He slammed his eyes shut as he braced for the rest. Another lash, and he began to remember the tales of one naval officer who had stomped a cabin boy so hard in the chest that he lost control of every thing, and when the crew tried to throw him to sea he had turned a whole mess of colors and textures. God, he hoped the next horror story wasn't about him. Third lash, and he cried out. It wasn't loud, nothing more than a hiss. Fourth lash and he was forced to open his eyes. He gazed out at the open sea in hopes of finding some comfort, as it always had. A fifth lash. When he was a child he would always look to the sea and find some sense of home and familiarity, and with his years at sea he had begun to feel like it was his true place, like how birds flew through the sky However, when he looked to the sea, he didn't see just the open blue. The sixth lash. Sails, he saw sails. Apparently he wasn't the only one, as he heard the crier let out a warning. Even his current antagonist decided to let him be, at least for this moment. That man, who had previously been whipping his back, began to cry orders for battle stations. As his torturer was currently distracted, he dropped to the floor, reaching for his coat and throwing it over his back, happy to hide his forming scars from the salty spray of the ocean. Rocking in pain for just a moment, seemingly hoping the movement would heal the pain, he stopped and listened. The shouts of the crew grew more and more frantic as the ship grew close enough to see her colors. He finally leapt to his feet and ran to the aft of the boat, trying to catch a glance of the approaching ship. Behind him was a flurry of movement, men running up and down the deck, crawling in and out of the hold. Most were fleeing in, as that was where all the cannons on this ship were stored, and the cannons were their best defense. The ship was moving fast, faster than he could believe. All around were shouts of orders and insults. Feeling awkward, he realized he wasn't sure as to where to go. He wasn't a trained naval officer, he was just a boy flung into a navy uniform. He had only fought a few times in his life, in fencing lessons as a boy. He was basically defenseless and worthless in an attack. However he doubted the encroaching attackers would split that hair. From behind him he heard a hum of whispers and a chorus of surprised cries. People were throwing the word \"pirate\" around. When he was on his old merchant vessel, pirates were always a threat, but he had never dealt with them. Not to say he didn't get told the tales of Captain Avery as a child and dream of a life as exciting as Blackbeard's, but it all seemed so alien. He could never imagine, in his entire life, that his, and a pirate's fates would overlap. As they grew closer, he heard cannon fire from the other ship. He stepped back from the rail of the boat and began to plan a means of survival. He didn't like to brag, but he had always managed to keep himself safe and alive due to his ability to think on his feet. It had gotten him on his first ship as a kid, it had helped him stay safe in a city crawling with thieves and cut-purses, and now, it was the only hope he had. The enemy was close enough now to be in firing range, and he began to hear orders to do just that. He braced himself knowing that not only their fire, but the enemies fire, would begin to rock the ship, and slammed his eyes shut. However, thinking he'd hear the whir of cannonballs flinging across the sea, he felt a rush of surprise. Opening his eyes, he noticed there was no fire from their end, rather, the ship was rocking violently, and he could smell smoke. \"The cannons! They misfired!\" One sailor shouted, crawling out of the hold covered in ash and blood. The young sailor gulped as he realized that they had just lost the majority of their army. They stood no chance. He stood no chance. The scent of burning flesh and blood filled the air, and he began to feel his stomach reel. He didn't want to get sick now, it wouldn't improve situations at all. The enemy ship began to fire and were now drawing close enough that they would be able to board. He could only imagine what would happen once they did, the pillaging, plundering, and worst of all, the running people through. A brief sense of regret washed over his heart as he began to think of all he had left when he had been dragged upon the navy warship. Sure, he had a family, but his thoughts never drifted much to them. His mother and father were poorer than the dirt underneath their ragged boots, and his rabble of siblings was far too much for them to possibly be able to manage. He was the youngest of their sons, of which they had four, and the second youngest all together, with one sister claiming that title. No, when his life was threatened and he thought of what he would miss, it was his crew. The crew upon his merchant ship, where he was part of a family. He was undoubtedly loyal to them, as they were his real kin underneath it all. And he would never see them again. He'd see no one again. No one except for his captors. He began to hear the roars of angry men from the ship, now no further than a few yards away. Stepping back he saw the pirates swinging from their rigging onto the navy warship. One in particular caught his eye, one man, no more than five or so years older than himself, in a flaming red coat with a large tricorn hat upon his brow. His beard, the young sailor had to mention, was luxurious and large, giving him an almost royal look. No doubt he was a king among pirates, he thought. His crew seemed very small, consisting of no more than a few burly men, all of them seemingly older than he. One was dark skinned and brawny, but seemed rather hesitant when he was battling the soldiers, the other, a man with a failing leg and a nose larger than half of his face, swinging his cutlass in a brutal frenzy. The last was a skinny pirate whose skin was burnt to the same color as a beet. He was shouting at the bearded pirate (did he say shout? He meant to say nagging). Around the rest of the deck the rest of the ragtag assortment of men were doing their part to fight against the soldiers and storm the ship. Some were fighting while others were breaking open every barrel and crate on deck, and even some were venturing into the dark of the hold. As the pirates upon the deck were mercilessly cutting down the ranks of soldiers, he began to panic. What was he to do? They would find him, no doubt. Just as he heard footsteps growing closer to him, he noticed one of the pirate ship's rigging was swinging towards him. It all came down to this decision, now or never. Did he risk staying on this ship, being killed by the pirates by either being run through or by walking the plank, or did he run? He looked to their ship with gritted teeth, what would they do if they found him aboard? Would his punishment be worse? Would he tortured for his audacity? But at the same time, in the off chance that the pirates failed and sailed away leaving some of the crew unharmed, would he rather stay on his floating prison? It came down to the question: did he risk death with the pirates or with the navy? The footsteps were so close now, but he didn't dare look back to see. Instead he made a decision. He leapt. His arms nearly detached from their sockets as he grasped at the thick rope, feeling it begin to return towards the pirate ship. He held tightly until he was hovering safely in the middle of the ship. Then he let go, and fell into a rather unceremonious lump. Dazed from impact, he struggled to rise to his feet, collapsing once or twice in failure. Finally he managed to stand, stumbling violently with the rocking ship. His head was swimming and his eyes wouldn't stay open. When he had hit the deck, he must have taken much of the blow against his head, as he began to feel like he was going to black out. Thinking that in the middle of the deck would probably not be the best place to do so, so he began to crawl. His consciousness was fading, and his eyes were doing all they could to stay open. Two barrels sat against the rail of the ship, and it was in between there, he thought, he could rest. And finally, sitting against one of the barrels, he blacked out. Voices. He heard voices. \"What is it?\" one with an Irish bur rolled out. He forced his eyes open, trying to understand the current situation as best as he could. Just like before he wasn't sure he could recall how he got there. Oh, right, the attack. His memory was fleeting he supposed. As he began to see distinct shapes forming from the blurs, he made out a circle of faces looking down at him. There was a medley of emotions, some were surprised, some where concerned, and one was just plain unhappy. \"A stowaway from that navy ship, obviously?\" Spoke one rather sunburnt pirate. \"What should we do captain? You can't mean to not help him?\" spoke the darker pirate, one who spoke with a rather higher pitched voice. He looked like he was gazing upon a lost kitten, the same affection in his eyes. \"No, no, I don't want to hurt the lad,\" spoke the pirate he had seen before, the one with the beard, the one he was instantly drawn to. He was the captain. Attempting to speak, he opened his mouth, but a groan of pain escaped instead. \"What's wrong with him?\" asked another pirate, one with a cork for a nose. \"He's just putting on a show to gain our pity, captain just throw him to sea.\" The sunburnt pirate spoke again. \"Come now, don't you have any mercy, number two? He's no more than a boy,\" \"Hmph\" huffed the pirate, \"some boy? He's in a navy coat captain, he's obviously one of them.\" \"No…\" muttered out he, rising to his feet and holding his head. A throbbing pain settled in the front of his skull, emanating all the way down to his curling stomach. \"No?\" asked the pirate with the failing leg, the one with the Irish accent. \"Ssh, Pirate with gout,\" hushed the captain, turning and looking deep into his eyes, almost as if looking into him. Fear filled him, what did this man see? He hoped it wasn't just the uniform he was contained within, or the dirt and sweat caked upon his face. \"Now speak up, who are you? And why are you here? On MY ship?\" He gulped in the hope of moisturizing his vocal chords. \"Please, I didn't want to cause any trouble,\" he moaned, raising his hands up like there was a cutlass pointed at his throat, \"I was impressed upon that navy ship and I just wanted to get away.\" \"Impressed?\" the captain asked, seemingly outraged. However, that faded as he nervously glanced around then whispered to the burned pirate, \"what does that mean number two?\" \"It means,\" the pirate with sunburnt skin and glaring auburn eyes spoke, loud enough for all to hear \"that he was forced into the navy, right?\" \"Yes,\" he answered, noticing his coat was still unbuttoned. He felt himself blush as he began to fiddle with the complex buttons. He looked up to see the crew talking amongst themselves as to what impressment was (the current topic was that it was rather a type of showing off to a girl rather than forced to be in the navy), but the captain's dark eyes locked upon him. It traced from his fingers upon the lower buttons of his coat, up to his slightly bare chest, then met his eyes. In his eyes he saw a flurry of things, anger, excitement, interest, curiosity, and something else. Something he couldn't place. Attraction perhaps? He couldn't tell, but he began to feel a slimmer of hope blossom in his chest. \"Do you have a name?\" the captain asked, interrupting the arguing crew. \"It's T-\" \"Doesn't matter, I won't remember it,\" he stated, brushing imaginary dirt off of his shoulder. The young man just stared at him, slightly slack jawed. \"Anyway, this is my ship. This is my crew, Pirate with Gout, Pirate Who Likes Kittens and Sunsets, Pirates with prosthetics,\" he continued to rattle off a list of tittles, all of which contained the word pirate and some descriptor, and most of which he couldn't even fathom remembering. Each and every pirate waved slightly at a mention of their names, to which he responded with a confused nod. The captain finally seemed done until he flourished towards the rather negative pirate, \"and this is my first mate, the Sunburnt Pirate.\" Said pirate didn't wave, in fact he didn't even look at him. Instead he turned his head away with a hmph. \"And I,\" the captain brought his attention back with a loud bravado, \"am the Pirate Captain, the newest terror of the high seas!\" He nodded and looked at the crew, not numbering much but seemingly a tight crew. A pain lingered in his heart as his thoughts retraced to the crew he had been stolen from. Oh, if only they knew of his fate now. \"The Pirate… Captain,\" he asked, unsure of how that could be a name, instead of just a title. Said captain smiled wide and drew his cutlass, throwing it up in the air. \"Indeed! I'm the Pirate Captain, and the future Pirate of the Year!\" At this point he was completely lost. \"Pirate of the year?\" The crew groaned, knowing a familiar explanation was coming. \"Yes! The ultimate test to see which pirate is the best of the best! I've been a shoe in for quite a while but have yet to win!\" He stated, puffing his chest and returning his cutlass to it's sheathe. He then examined the new boy in front of him, \"Now what say you?\" \"What? What say I?\" asked he, feeling his head swimming with the obscurity this turn of events had taken. \"Yes!\" the captain acted like this was the most obvious question ever asked, like was the ocean wet, \"do you want to be a pirate?\" \"Me? Be a pirate?\" gulped he. Never had two clauses been so separate in his mind. He never thought anything like this was possible. Him? The one who never stepped a single toe out of line? Who had never been disciplined in school or by his parents? The one who was always teased by his siblings for being a goody-two-shoes? He stood there for a moment more completely dumbfounded, eyes tracing over the ship. It was a complete wreck, in dire need of repair in some places and already broken in others. The paint was peeling, the deck was filthy, and the wood chipping. Yet, he couldn't place it, but something felt comforting, homey almost. He didn't know if it was his imagination, but it felt brighter upon the pirate ship. There was a sense of belonging that was wrapped around him like a blanket (even with the first mate objecting to him there). On the navy vessel it seemed like the sun was just oppressive, but now it was warming. The wind before was unchanging, but the wind now was refreshing. Things seemed so much better, even if it was on a pirate ship. But was he willing to abandon his country? Was he willing to become a criminal? He figured that in the eyes of his home country he was already a criminal. He had deserted the navy. Correction, deserted the navy to go aboard a pirate ship. He was already in deeper trouble had ever been in, or ever imagined being in. In reality, he had no choice. \"I-\" he started, having to stop and start again, guilt sinking into his adam's apple , \"I guess I am.\" As soon as he spoke a loud chorus of cheers erupted around him from the pirate crew. He suddenly was jostled around in a chorus of pats on the back and different pirate metaphors and tidbits. All the while he felt sick to his stomach. He wasn't completely sure what he had just agreed to, but he wasn't sure he liked it. The wonderful jubilee ended as the sunburnt pirate let out a long scoff. \"Captain he won't be nothing but dead weight, no doubt he has barely sailed in his life, and of course, as soon as we make port he's going to run back to the navy\" muttered the first mate, glaring at the boy. Returning his glare he shook his head. \"No, I don't want to go back to the navy, that's why I ran away. And second I know a lot about sailing, I've been doing so since I was a boy, almost ten years ago.\" Retorted he, catching the first mate's eyes pulling away from the glare to roll his eyes. \"See now, that will be a great help! He knows just as much as you do!\" the Pirate Captain said, trying to comfort his first mate but instead it just grated on his nerves more. He turned back to the boy before him, \"We've been in need of someone who can help read the seas and sky.\" He just smiled at the captain, feeling slightly better, at least he had some security on this ship, they apparently needed his services. The captain then stepped forwards towards him and clapped a wide hand upon his shoulder, leading him away. \"Come, we'll get you versed in the ways of a pirate in no time.\" He dragged his feet for a bit but then nodded. He kept pace with the older man's footsteps, his shoulder still carrying his hand. The captain led him into his chamber, closing the door behind them, but finding it hard when the first mate insisted he come in to by shoving his foot in between the frame and door. Growling the first mate limped into the room and took his place on the right side of a broad desk in the room, not sitting, just standing. The young man looked around with a sense of wonder and awe. Upon all of the walls were trophies and portraits of all kinds. Various knickknacks and clutter was nailed upon the grey wooden walls. Memento's of adventures come and passed, trophies of victories or defeat, each and everyone told a tale. He was so intrigued by it all and began to think if he could ever fill a wall with all the adventure he had. That thought stopped him in his tracks. There was nothing he had done that would ever been good enough to mount upon the walls, no adventures had ever given him any reason to be proud the occurred. He could think of countless other people he could see upon his walls, but he couldn't imagine it himself. A strange feeling welled in his throat, replacing the fear that had gathered there before. He began to realize what this was, regret and loss. All he could dream of was adventure, and all he wanted was that. Wasn't that the whole point of sailing? Adventuring to new lands. Even with his merchant ship, he had barely done any of that. Maybe joining this pirate crew wasn't a bad idea. At least he would be able to join on these adventures. \"Now, if you're going to be a pirate,\" spoke the captain, taking a seat behind his desk and steepling his fingers. The young man just awkwardly stood before him, shifting his weight back and forth from his left to his right. Between the intense interest coming from the captain and the glare from the first mate, he felt a little more than just uncomfortable. He shifted his gaze from his feet to the captain, his new captain. \"you are going to need to be a loyal member of a band of rogues, renegades and misfits,\" There was a pause, and not knowing if he was to respond, he just muttered a \"yes\". Seemingly satisfied the captain continued, giving a long, rather practiced speech of what a life at sea would be like and what he could expect. He spoke of everything, from the deeper points where he brushed on love and life, to when he rambled about knots on the ships for a good fifteen minutes, listing off his favorite types. The young man began to daze off at some of the portraits as he spoke. All of them were of the Pirate Captain, and some were with his crew. The occasional breakage in the wall of vanity mainly consisted of various brick-a-brack. One thing in particular, however, stood out more than anything else. Upon the wall was a length of fabric, red fabric that was nailed haphazardly onto one of the support beams. As the captain continue to drove on, and he would occasionally look to him, but found his eyes tracing back to the fabric. Finally, after seemingly hours (shown by the fact the first mate was seemingly dozing off on his feet), the captain finished, grinning brightly at the young man. He nervously smiled and rubbed the back of his neck nodding his head slowly. \"I..I think I understand sir,\" he lied, he had no idea what any of that drivel was about. He wasn't sure he could get used to such a long winded captain, then again, he would have to. The smile quickly turned into scrutiny as the Pirate Captain looked the young man up and down, his brow lowering and lips pouting. \"We will need to do something about your wardrobe, I mean, I can't have a navy soldier parading around my ship, especially when I have barely made a name for myself in the pirating fraternity.\" He looked him up and down a few moments more, causing the young man to once again awkwardly shift on his feet. He didn't like being the center of attention, most of the time he was fine just watching. \"Aha!\" the captain finally shouted, walking over to a rather large wardrobe and pulling out a length of leather, \"I mean, every pirate has a belt, so no doubt you'll need one.\" He tossed it at the boy who caught it and held it like a snake. Outstretching his arms he tried to find the start. Instead of finding just one belt, he found two. Figuring this was some pirate fashion, he began to wrap one over his left shoulder and underneath his right arm. He buckled it in the front and then linked the second one a little bit higher than his waist. He grimaced, feeling rather uncomfortable with all the restrictions against his skin. The captain turned and looked rather confused. \"What on earth are you doing?\" asked he. The young man felt his face flush as from across the room, the first mate snickered. \"I just thought…\" he started, then had to stop. What had he thought? \"No, no! Part of being a pirate on my crew is to look absolutely ridiculous. Maybe I'll call you the double-belted pirate?\" By this point the first mate was laughing loudly, causing his newest member of the crew to just hang his head and mutter something about \"what was he doing\". The Pirate Captain didn't like this. For one this new boy was so reserved, while most of his crew was loud and rambunctious. He honestly couldn't imagine a man like this fitting in on his crew. But yet, something about him was very intriguing. He could tell this boy was more than he could see, even in the navy uniform. He held himself rather properly, and seemed to be watchful and minding of everything. Not that he was sure why, but he was so drawn to this boy that he had to keep him on his crew. He didn't want to let an opportunity like this pass him by. His crew, the wild and unthinking coves they were, needed someone like him. And maybe, he did too. The boy looked up from his feet and then looked to the wall again, at the fabric upon the wall. This didn't go unnoticed by the captain. \"Do you like it?\" he asked, walking past him and towards said object of attention, pulling it down from the wall, \"I got it, you see, when we were up in Greenland. Did you know that it's actually not very green, rather that it's just cold up there?\" He did know that, but he didn't want to insult the captain's sagacity, \"No sir, I did not.\" \"Well, anyway, we were searching for the lost treasure that we were told was up there, something about the gold of Atlantis or something, I heard about it from some other captains, and it was freezing. I bought that, but my first mate,\" he motioned to the other presence in the room that was beginning to feel rather awkward and out of place, \"told me it clashed with my coat. I wasn't too happy, since it's made of genuine chinchilla fur, but alas, it wasn't meant to be. Needless to say, I still keep it, even though I never intend to return to the cold. I was a pirate meant for the warmth of the Caribbean,\" he joked lightly. The young man looked at him and let a light smile pass his lips. \"Fascinating, captain,\" weakly stated he. The Pirate Captain looked to him, then at the fabric in his hand. \"I have an idea,\" he stated (and from across the room the young man saw the first mate tense up, no doubt accustomed to bad ideas coming out of the captain), \"you need something else, otherwise you are just a navy kid with no idea how a belt works.\" He extended his arm holding it to the young man. Confused he just looked into his umber eyes and shook his head. \"Sir?\" \"Take it, and this time wear it properly\" he ordered. The young man did just that, wrapping it around his neck and looping it in the front. He felt hot because of it, but he had to admit, he really loved it. Running his hand down the front he looked up and smiled to the captain. \"Thank you, sir.\" The captain seemed satisfied with himself, standing back and looking at the young man like he was his masterpiece. He didn't look too noticeable as a soldier, as the scarf and belts hid any noticeable markings as to battalion and ranking. Instead he just looked like a rather young boy. His hair fell messily in his face, and from all of the excitement his cheeks had a line of dirt and seemingly a smear of blood. What the captain saw most was a spark in his eye. It wasn't much, but it was a spark. \"You know, you do need a name upon my ship,\" he looked the boy up and down, beginning to circle him like he had once seen a shark do, \" and I should probably do that now.\" The young man gulped. From the earlier introductions to the men on the boat, he could assume the Pirate Captain wasn't the most clever when it came to names (he really just hoped he wasn't something insulting). With a deep breath he just stood and looked forward, meeting gazes with the Sunburnt Pirate. He had a rather sinister snicker sitting upon his lips as he watched his Captain. This all seemed rather foreboding to him. \"I've got it!\" He shouted, with the same enthusiasm as the man who had discovered fire, \"it's so obvious. You will be called Pirate with a Scarf.\" He blinked twice, just taking it all in. His brow fell as he began to look at him questioningly. How had it taken him so long? Opening his mouth to speak, he was interrupted by the door of the chamber being thrown open. All three men in the room looked to the door to find that Pirate with Gout standing in it's shelter. \"Sir! We have a situation on the deck,\" he stated, throwing his thumb over his shoulder. The Pirate Captain rolled his eyes and walked out the door, his first mate in tow. \"What is it now?\" he asked. The newly deigned \"Pirate with a Scarf\" stood rooted to the spot for a moment longer, his hands nervously fingering the end of the scarf. He looked up once more to the paintings upon the wall. Maybe now he could have some adventures as well. A/N: Agh! I'm sorry! I meant to make this all a one shot but it is running really really long, so I'm going to split it up into one more chapter. I mean, I have it at fourteen pages right now, which isn't too huge, but I'd rather split it up a bit more. Not to mention its really late and I've been working on this all day on and off. To clarify, and I guess I should, being this is a prequel, not all of the crew are on board yet. Surprisingly Curvaceous and Albino Pirate have yet to join the crew, and Polly hasn't been found. I want to state, and it will become clearer later, that the Pirate Captain is new to the whole piracy scene, so he doesn't have much clout yet. Anyway, more to be revealed in the next chapter. Also, I really, really appreciate constructive criticism. I want to become a better writer, so if you have any, I'd be mighty grateful. ","Summary":" A History Wow, I'm a huge fan of the series and have been for about a year. I just now got around t"},{"Movie":"Pirates! Band of Misfits","Title":"Love Lock","Author":"I'm-all-about-FNAF","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9639214","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The pirates were very confused at first at seeing that they were sailing into Paris again. They hadn't been there since their adventure with Communists. Upon asking the Pirate Captain about it, he told them that after the success of his proposal to his beloved first mate, the Pirate with a Scarf, he thought it would be a very good idea to celebrate by going to the very place nicknamed \"The City of Love\". They all agreed that that was a very nice idea and decided to go along with it. So, when the boat docked at the Paris harbour, they got off, wearing the same girl guide disguises they wore during their adventure with scientists and proceeded to make their way into the grand French capital. During their stay there, the excited pirates explored the city of Paris and visited many of its famous sites, including the Eiffel Tower, the Louvre Museum and even the Notre Dame Cathedral. They also went to see the cabaret shows and the Cancan dancers at the Moulin Rouge theatre. They then decided to go and see a production of Faust at the famous Paris Opera House, where they heard stories about the notorious \"Phantom\", said to haunt the catacombs of the theatre. This frightened the Albino Pirate a little, but the Pirate Captain just scoffed and dismissed it as superstitious nonsense. In between visiting these amazing sites, they also went to a lot of shoppes and bought themselves plenty of souvenirs to take back to the boat with them. The Pirate Captain even suggested to the Pirate with a Scarf that they excuse themselves from the rest of the crew and go and have a private romantic dinner in one the restaurants at some point. However, the first mate wasn't so keen on that, despite the fact that he would really have loved to as well. This was the Victorian era after all, when any gay couple seen together in public, even if they had been caught doing something as innocent as a mere smooch, would end up getting arrested on the spot. Having been once again reminded of this fact, the Pirate Captain reluctantly agreed and decided against it. Soon, it got very late, and a lot of the pirates were getting tired, so the Pirate Captain allowed them all to go back to the boat, whilst he and the Pirate with a Scarf waited behind a little longer. The crew all agreed and said goodnight to their Captain and his new fiancé before heading back to the boat. Since it was late, the streets of Paris were now practically empty because a lot of the citizens would have also gone to their beds by now. This caused the engaged pirates to feel safe enough to shed their disguises and walk through the streets together in their normal pirate attire. They even summoned up enough courage to walk hand in hand together when they were alone, but would immediately let go and pretend to be just friends when they saw or heard someone coming. It really was a beautiful night the two pirates shared together. Despite the horrendous light pollution caused by the many lit street lamps along the city pavements, the stars could still be seen shining brightly in the pitch black sky above. It was the perfect night for a soon-to-be-married couple like the Pirate Captain and the Pirate with a Scarf to spend together, especially in Paris, the City of Love. Eventually they both came to the Pont des Arts, one of the many bridges crossing the River Seine, and were both confused at seeing quite a lot of padlocks fixed to the railing. Taking the opportunity to examine a few of them, they saw that some had names or initials written on them, either with a few small heart shapes in amongst them or one big one encircling them. Some even had short romantic messages on them. \"What do you suppose these are, Number Two?\" asked the Pirate Captain. \"I think these are love locks, sir,\" answered the Pirate with a Scarf. The Pirate Captain just looked up at his first mate. \"Oh? And what is a love lock?\" he asked again, his confusion now replaced with interest. \"One of these traditions that sweethearts sometimes do,\" the younger pirate began to explain. \"It's sort of like when they carve their names or initials into the side of a tree. Only here, they've written them onto these padlocks, fixed them to the railing and have thrown away the key, as a symbol of their undying love for one another.\" Once his beloved deputy had finished his explanation, the Pirate Captain stood still to think for a few moments before finally saying, \"You know, that's... really rather a good idea. We should make one for ourselves!\" The Pirate with a Scarf just looked at his captain with a look of fear in his eyes. \"Captain, are you really sure that's such a good idea?\" he asked nervously. \"I mean, what if someone passing by should read it? They'll know it was put there by two men!\" The Pirate Captain just chuckled to himself as he shook his head. \"My dear Number Two,\" he said, unable to take the smile off his luxuriantly bearded face. Walking up to his scarf-wearing fiancé, he put his hands on his shoulders and looked deeply into those gorgeous ocean blue eyes as he continued, \"You always worry yourself so much about getting found out. You're forgetting, we are pirates, which means we are already outlaws on the run. What difference is a padlock with our names written on it going to make?\" For a few seconds, the Pirate with a Scarf hesitated before sighing and shaking his head. \"Not that much of a difference, sir,\" he answered. \"No difference at all is the correct answer, Number Two!\" said the Captain, winking cheekily at the first mate. He give a small, chaste kiss to his deputy's lips before he began to lead him away by the hand. \"Where are we going, sir?\" asked the Pirate with a Scarf, now confused as to why they were leaving the bridge. \"I'm sure I saw a locksmith's back along this way somewhere,\" answered the Pirate Captain. \"We should be able to get a padlock out of there.\" \"But, sir, don't you think it's a little late?\" asked the Pirate with a Scarf again. \"Most of the shoppes will be closed by now.\" \"Oh, no need to worry about that, Number Two,\" the Captain said reassuringly to him. \"We could always retrieve one the good old pirate way; by breaking in and stealing one.\" Upon reaching the nearest locksmith's, the two pirates found that it was indeed closed and appeared to be empty. Knowing the the door would already have been locked, the Pirate Captain took his World of Hooks discount card out of his pocket, slipped it the crack between the door and the door frame and wriggled it about for a few moments before he heard that telltale click! which meant that the door was now unlocked. He pushed the door open as slowly as he could, thankfully without a sound, and tiptoed into the shoppe. The Pirate with a Scarf watched anxiously as the elder pirate disappeared into the dark shoppe, hoping that he wouldn't be heard by anyone who may still have been inside. He then took a look around him to see if anyone was coming. Much to the first mate's relief, the streets of Paris remained empty and silent, save for the noises of a pirate searching for a lock inside a dark, empty shoppe from within. Thankfully, it seemed only a couple of minutes had passed until the Captain finally emerged, a smug grin on his face as he held a large, brass padlock up between his thumb and index finger. \"Success!\" he whispered triumphantly. The Pirate with a Scarf fought to suppress a laugh as he and the Pirate Captain began making their way through the streets, heading back to the Pont des Arts. \"But, sir, supposing someone sees us fixing that padlock to the railing,\" he said when he felt his nervousness returning to him. The Pirate Captain chuckled again. \"Oh, we could always make a run for it,\" he answered, winking at the younger pirate. Once back at the Pont des Arts, the Pirate Captain gave the padlock to the Pirate with a Scarf, along with the black permanent marker he had taken out of his pocket. The younger pirate took the hint and wrote the Captain's initials onto it in block capitals. He then handed both the padlock and the marker back to the elder pirate, who wrote a plus sign under his initials, followed by the Pirate with a Scarf's initials under that before encircling it all in a huge love heart. The Captain then fastened the lock onto the railing before turning back to his beloved first mate. \"There,\" he said, smiling lovingly. \"Our love is now officially sealed.\" \"Not just yet, it's not, sir,\" replied the Pirate with a Scarf, returning the Captain's smile as he walked right up to him. Wrapping his arms around the elder pirate's neck, he added in a lower voice, \"First, you need to throw away the key, remember?\" \"Hm...? Oh yes, quite right,\" answered the Pirate Captain, his own voice also barely above a whisper. He gazed deeply into the younger pirate's sapphire blue eyes, which seemed to be filled with that look of love and longing he recognised all too well. He pulled the Pirate with a Scarf close to him and their lips met in a passionate kiss. During their lip lock, the Pirate Captain absentmindedly held the key over the railing. For a few seconds, it hung loosely between his fingertips before he let it slip free. It plummeted from quite a height before it finally hit the water with a splash! , which could barely be heard by the kissing pirate above. It quickly disappeared into the dark depths of the Seine where it could never be recovered, thus sealing their love forever. Sadly, they were soon forced to part lips thanks to their growing need for air and just continued to gaze deeply into each other's eyes. \"Thank you so much for today, sir,\" the Pirate with a Scarf whispered. The Pirate Captain smiled. \"Think nothing of it, Number Two,\" he whispered back, putting a calloused hand to his lover's cheek. \"The pleasure was all mine.\" The Pirate with a Scarf returned the smile before leaning in for another kiss, which the Captain returned enthusiastically. This only lasted for several more seconds before the elder pirate pulled away and said, \"Well, we'd better get back to the boat now.\" The Pirate with a Scarf nodded. \"Yes, good idea,\" he replied. With that, the Pirate Captain began leading the Pirate with a Scarf by the hand along the streets of Paris, heading to the docks where their boat was waiting for them. Behind them, they left the padlock on which they had just written each other's initials, hanging from the railing of the Pont des Arts, the symbol of their undying love. ","Summary":" The pirates were very confused at first at seeing that they were sailing into Paris again. They had"},{"Movie":"Pirates! Band of Misfits","Title":"The Captain's Confession","Author":"I'm-all-about-FNAF","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9475123","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A few hours had passed since the pirates had left their new friend, Charles Darwin on that tropical island to begin his new expedition, not before saying goodbye to him, of course. Now they were back out in the middle of the ocean, on their way back to Blood Island. The crew had told the Pirate Captain they had a surprise for him to reward him for his bravery during their latest adventure. The Captain didn't have to wait very long to see what this surprise was, for when he left his cabin, his beloved dodo, Polly hooked under his arm, he was instantly met by them all waiting for him on the deck with huge grins plastered on their faces. He noticed immediately that the Albino Pirate, the youngest member of the crew, was holding something behind his back. Urged by the rest of the crew, he stepped forward and revealed what it was he was holding as he handed it to the Pirate Captain. The Captain took it from the boy, handing Polly to his best friend and faithful first mate, the Pirate with a Scarf as he did so. Holding it out in front of him, his heart warmed instantly as he looked at what appeared to be a handmade replica of the Pirate of the Year trophy. It was a simple replica, made out of a cereal box painted gold cut into the shape of a skull (an unusually rectangular shaped skull, but a skull nonetheless), a knife driven threw it and what appeared to be a bit of squid tentacle wobbling out over the top of it. \" That...\" he began, but trailed off as his delight was slowly replaced with confusion at the tentacle. Flicking it with his finger, he asked, \"I, er... Is this a bit of... squid tentacle?\" \" Yeah, and that's my earwax,\" smiled the Albino Pirate proudly as he pointed, obviously gesturing to the sticky, golden-coloured substance holding the knife in place. Although a little disgusted by this, the Pirate Captain was still warmed by the effort his beloved crew had made into making this for him and appreciated the gesture all the same. At long last, he had a trophy he could put on his empty cabinet to replace that measly little Runner-Up ribbon he had gotten for Best Anecdote, about a squid. \" Thank you, all of you,\" he smiled to his crew. \"This is a lovely thing you have all done for me. I really do appreciate it.\" \" You're welcome, sir,\" said the Pirate with Gout, unable to remove the grin from his face. \"We just felt that you deserved this for being the best Captain in all the world.\" His smile getting wider at this, the Captain then turned to his first mate, who also had a warm smile on his face as he held Polly under his arm. \" I keep telling you, it's never been about the trophies or the treasure,\" he told him. Putting his hand to his heart, he added, \"It's about who you are inside.\" As he said this, the Captain felt his heart leaping a little. Without thinking, he immediately dropped this subject to ask his first mate, \"I say, you're not a... You're not a woman disguised as a man, are you, Number Two?\" Seemingly unfazed by such a question, the Pirate with a Scarf merely answered, \"No,\" as he shook his head, still smiling. \" No? Because that does happen surprisingly often at sea,\" The Pirate Captain went on, putting his hand on his hip. \" Yes, indeed, it does, sir,\" the Pirate with a Scarf agreed, nodding his head. \"But no, I am not a woman in disguise.\" \" Are you sure now, Number Two?\" asked the Pirate Captain again, squinting his eyes suspiciously at the first mate. The Pirate with a Scarf just chuckled and shook his head. \"Yes, Captain, I'm quite sure.\" After about a few more seconds of suspicious squinting, the Captain ceased and just chuckled as well. \" All right, then,\" he said. Turning back to his crew, he said to them, \"Thanks again for this, lads,\" holding up his trophy once again before disappearing back into his cabin to put it on the trophy cabinet. A few days later, the Pirate Captain was sitting in his cabin. He was seated at his desk, drinking tea out of his \"World's Best Captain\" mug and nibbling on some custard creams, feeding the occasional one to Polly who was sitting next to him. Sometimes he would just be absentmindedly swirling one around in his tea as strange new thoughts of a certain first mate of his were going through his head. He and the Pirate with a Scarf had been the best of friends for years. They had always been there for each other and had stuck by each other through the hardest of times. Of all the members of the crew, he was the one who understood the Captain the most, and he was so incredibly loyal to him, so he felt he could trust him with his life. He really was the best friend anyone could ever ask for. Until that incident just a few days before, it had never occurred to him that maybe he had feelings for him that were more than just platonic feelings. Indeed, there was something about the way he said that thing about the reward not being about the trophies or the treasure but about who he was inside that seemed a bit romantic. The Pirate with a Scarf had always been the wisest member of the crew and was always giving him excellent advice, but he had never said anything that sounded quite as beautifully touching and inspiring as that. He still couldn't quite figure out what it was that had made him ask him then if he was a woman disguised as a man. Was it always because anyone he had found himself falling in love with had always been a woman? So maybe that was just his mind telling him that his first mate would have to have been a woman in order for the Captain to fall in love with him? But then he remembered those men who fell in love with other men, and thus realised that maybe he could've been in fact one of those very men. He wasn't ashamed of the concept, because he himself had never disapproved of any of those men, or even any of the women who fell in love with other women either, but he had never once imagined himself to be one of those people until just now. Though now that he had discovered that perhaps he was, well, he really saw no point in worrying about it. He wondered then if the Pirate with a Scarf liked him that way as well. He thought then about telling him about his feelings for him, but then he wondered if it would be even worth it. Would the Pirate with a Scarf turn out to be one of those men as well and reciprocate? Or would he be the type that preferred the opposite gender? How would he react to such news? He highly doubted that the Pirate with a Scarf would be appalled by him; the first mate didn't seem like the judgmental type. Even if he didn't return his feelings, would things still be good between them, or would it only cause feelings of awkwardness between them? Well, there was only one way to find out. As he pondered more on the whole thing, he raised a custard cream he was dipping into his tea to his mouth, only to have the soaked end drop off and fall right back into the tea again, from having been held in there for too long. That was annoying, he thought as he looked at that half of the biscuit floating in the surface of the tea like an iceberg. But just then, something else immediately caught his eye; the \"World's Best Captain\" sign on the mug. And then it hit him. Once the crew were all in bed, the Pirate Captain decided to look for the Pirate with a Scarf, who had left them all in the middle of that week's Ham Night. He was accompanied by Polly, who was perched precariously on his shoulder. He couldn't help but notice that the first mate looked a little upset and the Captain wanted to know why. He never liked to see his friends upset and was always willing to do what he could to try and make them feel better. At first, he had looked for him in his cabin, but he wasn't there. So he looked in the galley, but no sign. He then thought that his friend might've decided to take the evening air up on deck, so he thought he'd look there next. He ascended the stairs, opened the hatch and sure enough, there was the Pirate with a Scarf leaning against the railing as he stared out at the dark sea in front of him. Walking up to his friend, the Pirate Captain took his place next to him at the rail. \" Number Two?\" he asked with great concern. In response, the younger pirate just turned and looked up at him, the saddened expression from earlier had not left his face. \" Hello, Captain,\" his friend merely replied before turning back to face the sea. \" What is it, lad?\" asked the Captain. \"Whatever could be the matter?\" The Pirate with a Scarf just hesitated, looking as though he was trying to come up with an excuse for his strange behaviour earlier on. \"Oh, it's just...\" Just then, Polly leapt off the Captain's shoulder and landed safely one the wooden rail. He watched as she waddled up towards the Pirate with a Scarf and nudged her beak against his arm. The first mate just turned to look down at the little bird and smiled. \" Hello, Polly,\" he said as he stroked her head, earning an affectionate coo from her. \" Number Two, what is the matter?\" asked the Pirate Captain again, a little more firmly this time. \"You were sitting in there, looking like Admiral Nelson after losing his arm. Now why is that? What with it being Valentine's Day tomorrow, you'd think that, like the rest of us, you'd be as happy as a-\" Just then, as it dawned on him, the Pirate Captain's concerned expression slowly morphed into a wide Cheshire cat grin.\"Oh, wait a minute, I know!\" The Pirate with a Scarf then looked back up at the elder pirate. \"Y-yes...?\" he said, now seemingly a little uncomfortable with the way the Captain was looking at him. \" You're in love with someone!\" exclaimed the Pirate Captain, the grin still plastered on his face. The Pirate with a Scarf just rolled his eyes, shaking his head. \"Oh, Captain, you can read me like an open book,\" he answered miserably. \" Aha! I was right!\" cried the Captain triumphantly. \"So, who's the lucky wench then?\" In the same glum tone, the Pirate with a Scarf just replied, \"Someone who's very unlikely to return my feelings, sir.\" \" Oh, come now, Number Two!\" said the Pirate Captain. \"How could you possibly be sure of that!?\" The Pirate with a Scarf shrugged. \"Not sure, sir. Just a hunch, I suppose.\" \" Well, why don't you tell them yourself?\" asked the Captain. The Pirate with a Scarf opened his mouth, as if he was about to speak, but no sound came out of him and he just looked back towards the sea, still looking miserable. \" Ah, fear if rejection, is it?\" asked the Captain again, now fully understanding his friend's situation. The young lad just sighed sadly and nodded in reply. \" Well, I have a suggestion that should help you solve this little problem of yours,\" said the Pirate Captain cheerfully. The Pirate with a Scarf turned to face him once more. This time, he looking a little bit worried, but still seemed to be willing to listen. So the Captain continued, \"Why don't you just drop this person a little hint of your feelings for them? Nothing too forward, but something that should hopefully give them an idea. Like, oh I don't know, a small gift or something. Something simple, but still something that would really please or flatter them. Something that's sure to grab their attention. And besides, think of it this way. No matter how bad your Valentine's Day is, it can't be as bad as the one Captain Cook had when he went to Hawaii, that's for sure.\" The Pirate with a Scarf, who for some reason was looking very surprised during the Captain's speech, chuckled at his final comment. \"Thank you, Captain.\" \" No problem, Number Two!\" replied the Pirate Captain, feeling glad that he had cheered his best friend up as he gave him a hard, encouraging pat on the back. \"As your friend and captain, it is the least I can do to help my first mate.\" Picking up Polly and hooking her under his arm, he then yawned, suddenly feeling a bit tired. \"Well, me and Polly are off to bed now. Perhaps you should do the same,\" he said as he began to walk away in the direction of the hatch. \" Aye aye, sir,\" smiled the Pirate with a Scarf. \"But I'd rather just stay out here and enjoy the evening air a little while longer.\" \" Suit yourself,\" the Captain smiled back. \"Goodnight, Number Two.\" \" Goodnight, Captain,\" he heard the Pirate with a Scarf reply as he took Polly back down the hatch below decks and headed towards his cabin. Once there, he couldn't help but feel very sorry for his first mate and hoped that that pep talk he had just given him really had cheered him up, and that the Pirate with a Scarf wasn't just pretending in order to stop him from worrying about him. He also hoped that his friend would at least take his advice and get this person, whoever she was, a gift in order to get her attention. Well, only time would tell, he thought. Stripping down to his undergarments, he climbed into his hammock and blew out the lantern that swung from the wall. Pulling his sleep mask over his eyes, he settled down as comfortably as he could into his hammock and wished Polly goodnight before soon drifting off to sleep. The next night, the Pirate Captain was up late, sitting at his desk and looking over one of his old maps when he heard a knock on his door. \" Come in!\" he called. For a moment, he wondered who it could possibly be who was outside, as he thought that all the crew had gone to their own cabins by now. However, he didn't have very long at all to wonder, for in the instant that he gave his call, the door opened and the Pirate with a Scarf entered, nearly stumbling over his own feet as he did so. \" Ah, Number Two!\" exclaimed the Captain, very pleased to see his friend. The Pirate with a Scarf just gave out a half-nervous, half-friendly laugh. \"Good evening, Captain,\" he replied with a small smile. \" Good to see you're feeling better,\" the Pirate Captain smiled back. \" Th-thank you, Captain,\" the younger pirate stammered, not really looking the Captain in the eye. His face had turned to face Polly, who was perched fast asleep on the globe next to the desk. It was in that moment that he noticed his friend's expression became slightly calmer than before. However, it wasn't long before he also noticed that the young man appeared to be holding something behind his back. \" Um, Number Two, what's that you've got behind your back?\" he asked curiously. The Pirate with a Scarf just froze for a couple of seconds before stuttering again, \"I-I, er... I... got a little present for you today, Captain.\" As he said this, the first mate brought his hand round to reveal a white mug. As he brought it over to the desk, the Pirate Captain became very interested as he took it from his friend. He took a few moments to look at it and saw that it had painted on it in block red capitals, \"World's Best Captain\". Feeling his heart quickly warming, he let out a hearty chuckle. \" I say, that's rather nice,\" he said. There was a short pause before he heard the Pirate with a Scarf ask nervously, \"So... so you like it then?\" The Pirate Captain looked up at the first mate with a warm smile on his face. \" Love it more like, Number Two.\" The younger pirate's jaw dropped a little. \"Gosh... Really?\" The bearded pirate chuckled again. \"Why, of course! This really is the nicest present anyone has ever given me! It certainly tops any chest cram packed fill of treasure anyhow. Thank you, Number Two. I really do appreciate it.\" Once he had finished his speech, the Captain placed his new mug down and continued to look over his map once again. For a few more moments, he didn't notice that the Pirate with a Scarf was still in the cabin with him until he head him say, \"Um... Captain...?\" The elder pirate looked up again. \"Yes, Number Two?\" \" Is there -?\" he began, but stopped in his tracks and sighed sadly before continuing, \"Nothing. Just... you're welcome.\" Turning towards the door, he added, \"Goodnight, Captain.\" The Pirate Captain, though confused about his friend's slightly negative reaction, smiled and replied, \"Goodnight, Number Two,\" before going back to his map. After hearing the door closing behind his best friend, the Pirate Captain began to wonder about what had just happened. Why did the Pirate with a Scarf look so disappointed? The Captain really did appreciate him getting that mug for him after all. It was a really selfless act that he did to show him how much he treasured his friendship, and out of nowhere too. So he had no reason to hide his flattery and appreciation, right? What other kind of reaction could his friend really have expected from him? And why did it he just go back to looking as sad as he did the night before? Thinking about all of this, the Pirate Captain began to worry about the first mate once more. Though because it was very late, he chose not to bother him about it just now and let him retire to his own cabin. Questioning him more about it would have to wait till the morning. Not wishing to worry himself any more about it for the night, he decided to just go back to looking over his map. Of course! The mug! That alone served as the Pirate Captain's answer. That was why the Pirate with a Scarf had gotten it for him. That was why the lad was looking so depressed the day before. The day before... St Valentine's Day! So, his friend had followed his advice and bought a gift for the one he was hopelessly in love with to give to them on that day. To leave him a hint of his feelings for him, just as he had told him. That was also why the first mate never told him who it was that had captured his heart. It was because that very same person was the Pirate Captain himself! It was at this moment that the Captain started to mentally kick himself. How could he have been so stupid? How could he have missed all these signs? Especially since it was plain that the younger pirate had done exactly what he had told him. Even after he had done so, the Captain still somehow managed to remain blind to the Pirate with a Scarf's motivation for what he did that day. What an idiot I am! He screamed in his head. Of course, even then, he still couldn't be sure from that alone whether the Pirate with a Scarf really was in love with him or if that was just his rather fertile imagination running away with itself. So he then made the decision to try and find out for himself if it was indeed true. He would look for more signs from the lad that would confirm his feelings for him, and if said feelings did turn out to be true, then he would make his move of telling his friend of his own growing feelings for him. There was still the slight fear that it might not be, but no matter. He would still be brave and see it through to the end all the same. He just had to be sure, he had find out and right now, it was his every intention to do so. A few nights later, the crew were back on Blood Island and having a jolly night of drinking grog at the Pirate Captain's favourite pub, the Barnacle's Face. The Pirate with a Scarf had earlier expressed his apprehension about the idea, knowing what happened every time the Captain and his arch nemesis, Black Bellamy were in there at the same time. Though he very was glad to hear from one of the latter pirate's crew members that he wouldn't be showing his face there that night. He said he was still too much in shock after having his Pirate of the Year trophy taken from him so suddenly by the Pirate King. That made the Pirate Captain and his own crew laugh out loud. If that bully of a pirate was always such a bad winner, then who was to say that he wouldn't be a bad loser either? Even the Pirate with a Scarf, who was never really one for gloating, couldn't help but chuckle at the idea. Well, after all the misery that Bellamy had caused his dear Captain, could he really be blamed? Although that night at the Barnacle's Face lasted several hours, to the whole crew, it seemed to only last several minutes. They were all enjoying themselves that much, sipping grog, playing cards, laughing at each other's jokes and singing shanties. Indeed, this was the Pirate Captain's idea of celebrating a great victory at the end of an exciting adventure. However, throughout the evening, the Captain kept looking in the Pirate with a Scarf's direction and catching him looking at him in a somewhat longing fashion, though he appeared to be smiling dreamily to himself as well. Though once he was aware that the Captain had noticed this, he kept turning away from him, his face taking a light but very obvious shade of red. Although the Captain was now aware that the younger pirate had had feelings for him for a long time now, he couldn't help but feel that such behaviour was a little unusual for him, especially whenever the two of them were alone together. All the same, he definitely knew that that could indeed be another sign that the first mate was in love with him. Though he still wasn't willing to jump to conclusions just yet and decided to wait just a little bit longer to see if any more signs would make themselves known. Eventually, the Pirate with a Scarf excused himself from the rest of the crew and went outside. He had said that he needed a spot of fresh air from all the smoke floating around the pub produced by some other pirates who were smoking, and that he would only be about a few minutes. However, after about half an hour, he had still had not returned and the crew were starting to get a little worried, especially the Pirate Captain. Standing from his seat, he said to his crew, \"Listen, lads. I'll go check on the Pirate with a Scarf and see if he's all right.\" \"Yes, sir,\" they all said as the Captain turned and went out the door of the pub and into the cobbled streets of Blood Island. He was very surprised to see that it had gotten dark so quickly, save for the light provided by the many street lamps lined along the streets and even the bright full moon above. He took a look around, hoping to catch sight of his first mate. He found that the streets were now quite empty, only two or three other pirates could be seen standing outside one of the other shops on the island or walking along the street. But he was glad that he quickly spotted the Pirate with a Scarf seated at the end of a nearby pier, seeming to be staring out into the distance. Without even having to think about it, he found his legs immediately taking him towards the direction of the first mate. As he stepped onto said pier, he only took a few steps before he saw the younger pirate turning round to face him. Evidently, he had heard the Captain's footsteps against the hard wood. \"Oh, hello Captain,\" he said. \"Hello, Number Two,\" answered the Pirate Captain. \"Didn't mean to surprise you there. Mind if I join you.\" The Pirate with a Scarf hesitated for a second before tilting his head in the direction of the ocean as a gesture for the elder pirate to join him. The Captain did so and, walking right up to where his friend was sitting, took a seat next to him, legs dangling from the edge. For a few moments, the two of them just stared out at the dark ocean spreading out for miles in front of them, the reflection from the moon sparkling against the distant waves, outshining all the stars in the sky. The only sound that broke the rather pleasant silence was the lapping of the waves and the creaking of the rigging from nearby ships along the dock. \"Beautiful, isn't it?\" said the Captain eventually, referring to the view in front of them. \"Hm?\" asked the Pirate with a Scarf, turning to look at him. \"Oh, yes. Yes, it is rather, isn't it?\" \"Kind of makes you wish you had a special someone to share a view like this with, eh, Number Two?\" smiled the Captain, turning to the first mate. The Pirate with a Scarf just sighed sadly in response. \"Yes, I... I suppose it does,\" he answered, turning to back to face the ocean. As the Pirate Captain took a minute to watch his friend, he couldn't help but notice the bright light from the moon casting a soft, pale glow on the Pirate with a Scarf's face. Even before realising his feelings for the younger pirate, he always knew that his friend was rather attractive, but in this sort of light, he felt that \"attractive\" would pretty much be the understatement of the century. He thought that the Pirate with a Scarf looked really quite beautiful like that, almost angelic even, and he was pretty sure by now that he was in love with him. \"Indeed, I have often wondered why you yourself have never had a special someone of your own to share any kind of romantic moment with, if I must be honest,\" the Pirate Captain went on. The Pirate with a Scarf just blushed at the complement. \"I-I'm... very flattered you should say that, sir,\" he answered shyly, not really looking the elder pirate. \"I mean it, Number Two,\" said the Pirate Captain encouragingly. \"Any other pirate would have to be crazy to not want to be with you.\" The Pirate with a Scarf's blush just got deeper. \"Th-thank you, sir,\" he answered quietly. \"I think the same for you.\" Immediately after saying that, the first mate clenched his eyes shut and lowered his head, as if angry with himself for having just revealed a big secret of his. And that did it. The Pirate with a Scarf's returning his complement and then his own reaction after doing so confirmed to the Pirate Captain that his friend did indeed harbour romantic feelings for him. It was at this moment, the Captain decided then to just tell his friend all he had to say. Clearing his throat, he began by, \"Er, actually, speaking of that, Number Two, I've, er... got something to tell you.\" The Pirate with a Scarf then snapped back to his senses and turned back to face his captain. \"And it might come as a bit of a shock, but... er, well...\" the Captain continued but then trailed off, struggling to find the appropriate words to use. \"Go on, sir,\" said the first mate. \"I'm listening.\" \"Right,\" said the Captain. \"You see the thing is, Number Two, well... you remember that mug you got me as a present last year?\" \"I'm hardly likely to ever forget, sir,\" replied the Pirate with a Scarf. \"Seeing as how I'm the one that bought it in the first place.\" \"Yes, of course,\" answered the Captain, nodding his head. \"How silly of me. Anyway, er... Until just recently, I had never really given any thought to the date on which you had bought it for me. You know, I assumed that it was just a random gesture of friendship you had decided to make to me that day. But a few days ago, it only just occurred to me that you had given it to me on St. Valentine's Day, and I thought, at first, that that was just a coincidence. But then I remembered how depressed you were looking the day before, and you told me that it was because you were in love with someone who you doubted would ever return your feelings. I then suggested you drop this person a little hint of your feelings by buying them a simple gift. Nothing too forward, but still something which would warm their heart. The next evening, which just so happened to fall on St. Valentine's Day, you come into my cabin with a mug that says 'World's Best Captain' on it, which warmed my heart very much indeed. Of course, as silly as I am, I never once considered that maybe you did that because you were following my advice to get a gift to this person that you were hopelessly in love with. Now that can only mean one thing, can't it? The person you were in love with... was in fact... me.\" Once the Pirate Captain had said that last sentence, the Pirate with a Scarf's expression got sadder, as if he was expecting to hear the heartbreaking mixture of words which would form a sentence which indicated that the elder pirate didn't feel the same for him. \"So, thinking about all of that now, Number Two,\" the Captain went on. \"I think you should know that -\" He was interrupted when the Pirate with a Scarf held his hand up as a gesture for him to stop talking. \"Don't worry, sir,\" he said sadly. \"You don't have to say any more. I already know you don't love me.\" \"But that's just it, Number Two,\" said the Pirate Captain, feeling a light blush appearing on his cheeks at the knowledge that he was now about to make that simple declaration of love that would change both their lives forever. \"I think I am falling in love with you.\" The Pirate with a Scarf just sat rooted to the spot, as he stared at the elder pirate with a look of utter shock and surprise. \"What? Really?\" he asked. \"I know how surprising it must sound,\" said the Captain. \"I can still hardly quite believe it myself. I mean, I never thought for a minute that I'd be one of those men who preferred their own gender to the opposite one, never mind having such feelings for your good self. For years, I was always so sure that I preferred women. I mean, you've probably seen me expressing some sort of desire for Cutlass Liz once or twice, haven't you?\" The Pirate with a Scarf nodded. \"Well, that was all just a mere infatuation, really,\" the Captain continued. \"Because, let's face it, even if we did eventually become an item, things between me and Cutlass would never really have worked out anyway, would they? But you, Number Two,\" he added, taking the younger pirate's soft hand into his own strong, callused ones. \"The feelings I have for you are very different. There's something more special about them, if you know what I mean. I feel as though we are destined to be together. No, not as friends, as something much more than that. You have always been such a good friend to me, Number Two. You are very loyal, and you have always been there for me during my darkest moments. I don't think I can even begin to tell you how thankful I am to have you by my side, for all the loyalty and devotion you've shown me through the years.\" Placing a hand on the first mate's cheek, he finished his speech with, \"And let me tell you, my dearest friend, I wouldn't trade any of it for all the ham in the world.\" For a few moments, the Pirate with a Scarf could only just sit there and stare at the Pirate Captain, completely stunned by the news and still not quite able to believe what he was hearing. As he stared, he took a minute to look into the elder pirate's oaken brown eyes and definitely recognised the unmistakable look of love from within. He knew then that what his beloved captain was saying must have been true. Not that the Captain would ever lie to him about something like that anyway, whether he was returning his feelings or not. \"Captain, I...\" he began at last. \"I really don't know what to say.\" The Captain just slipped his hand round to the back of the younger pirate's head. \"Then don't say anything at all,\" he whispered, starting to lean forward. Before he had any time to register what was happening, the Pirate with a Scarf felt himself being gently pulled towards the Captain until their lips met. At first, the younger pirate was very surprised at this, but that was all soon replaced with happiness as he drooped his eyes closed and returned the kiss. Even then, the Pirate with a Scarf still couldn't believe what was happening. Here he was, sharing a kiss with the very man who he was previously sure would never return his feelings. He still couldn't quite decide if he was dreaming or not, because it all felt too good to be real. And yet, he could tell that everything he was feeling right now was definitely real; the Pirate Captain's soft, kissable lips pressed against his own, his fingers tangled through his hair and both their fingers intwined with each other. All of that was definitely real, and he definitely wished it could last forever. Though sadly, that was not so, for both pirates soon felt themselves running low on air, so they parted reluctantly. Without realising what he was doing, the Pirate with a Scarf leaned closer to the Pirate Captain, resting his head against his chest. The Pirate Captain chuckled as he wrapped his arms around the younger pirate. \"What's all this?\" he asked, somewhat amused by this. Unable to stop the tears that had been threatening to escape his eyes from sliding down his face, the Pirate with a Scarf, answered in between light sobs. \"I'm just... really happy, sir.\" Chuckling again, the elder pirate said, \"So am I, Number Two. So am I.\" \"No, really, I am,\" the Pirate with a Scarf almost cried as he sat up to look at the Pirate Captain again. \"Because it wasn't just the fear of rejection that was keeping me from coming right out and telling you how I felt. One of the things I feared about you finding out about my feelings for you was that you wouldn't accept me. In fact, I was afraid you'd be disgusted by me and that you'd run me through or have me marooned or something.\" The Pirate Captain smiled and wiped a tear away from his first mate's face. \"Well, Number Two,\" he said softly to him. \"Even if I didn't feel the same for you, I think you should that I would never do a thing like that to a fellow pirate, especially a member of my own crew, or even my most trusted friend and right hand man, for something as simple as his romantic preferences.\" He gave the Pirate with a Scarf a reassuring wink. The younger pirate returned Pirate Captain's smile before the two friends, now lovers, leaned in for another kiss, this one proving to be more passionate than the last. Soon, they both completely forgot about everything and everyone else around them as they became lost in this romantic moment between them. ","Summary":" A few hours had passed since the pirates had left their new friend, Charles Darwin on that tropical"},{"Movie":"Pirates! Band of Misfits","Title":"The Captain's Proposal","Author":"I'm-all-about-FNAF","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9541709","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Almost a year had passed since the Pirate Captain and his beloved first mate, the Pirate with a Scarf had admitted their feelings for each other, and even longer still since the two had met, became friends and the younger pirate had agreed to join the crew. Indeed, that year had been the happiest the Pirate Captain had even known, even if he and the first mate did hide their relationship from the crew for several months before deciding between themselves that it was time to tell them. And from all the times the Pirate Captain had spent with the Pirate with a Scarf, platonically or romantically, he definitely felt safe to say without a doubt that the younger pirate was definitely the one for him. He really was a loyal first mate, a trustworthy companion, a true friend and most definitely a fantastic lover. Sensitive, intelligent and incredibly supportive, there was absolutely no reason whatsoever why the Pirate with a Scarf shouldn't be the one the Pirate Captain would want to spend, not just the rest of his piratical career, but the rest of his life with. Due to all of this, the Pirate Captain felt it was time to propose to his beloved first mate. Though exactly how he was going to do it, he had no idea. Every time the very thought entered his mind, butterflies would begin to flutter in his stomach, as would his heart. Though not in his stomach of course, that would just be very strange. In fact, he would probably worry if he felt his heart starting to flutter in his stomach. It would most likely be a symptom of some strange, yet very serious heart condition, more dangerous than gout or scurvy. But no, much to his relief, his heart remained where it should be whenever it would start fluttering along with the butterflies in his stomach at the thought of proposing to the Pirate with a Scarf. Anyway, another thing the Pirate Captain feared about the whole thing would be that, when the time came, he'd probably get very nervous, causing his words to not come out the way he wanted them to. Indeed, he had this whole romantic speech thought up in his head for the occasion, but whether he'd be able to get it out right, he couldn't tell. He really wanted to remain manly and confident during it, and he knew how much the Pirate with a Scarf loved him dearly, but would he refuse him if the captain slipped up during his speech, even slightly? He had spent weeks forming the perfect plan for the occasion. He had ordered for the ship to be sailed towards some beautiful tropical island somewhere in the Caribbean, the setting for the proposal. The diamond ring he had bought from a jewellers shoppe on Blood Island, the most expensive ring in the whole shoppe in fact, with several chests full of gold he had plundered from quite a few boats belonging to the Bank of England. He would just absolutely hate it if all his fine work went to waste if the Pirate with a Scarf thought him a fool if he couldn't even ask such a simple question due to his nervousness. However, he decided not to think like that. He knew he had to stay positive and not let any of these unpleasant thoughts to continue going through his head. He remembered all the times when the Pirate with a Scarf told him, during times of anxiety, that if he kept a level head, then he would never go wrong. Indeed, any piece of advise his beloved first mate given had given him had always been rather good and helpful. So he thought to keep that very thought in mind for now to help him get through it. Whether he'd be able to hold himself together when the big moment came, only time would tell, he told himself. ~ Soon, the morning came when the pirate ship had finally sailed into the Caribbean. The pirates were all sunbathing out on the boat deck, as it was much too hot to be doing any of their usual activities. Such activities usually involved shanty singing or target practising using knives, pistols and a less than artistic depiction that Pirate Captain had painted of Queen Victoria on several barrels. They didn't even feel like having one of their discussions that would normally get out of hand and end in them fighting with each other, usually quite violently. The only one who wasn't taking part in such relaxation was the Pirate Who Likes Sunsets and Kittens. As the ship's lookout, he was standing up at the crow's nest, holding his telescope to his eye, as he scanned the pale blue ocean spreading out in all directions in front of the ship, in search of any islands which should hopefully soon appear in the horizon. Though thankfully, it wasn't an unpleasant job, as he got a very nice breeze from up where he was, so he didn't get very hot. Also, he didn't have to stay up there, looking at a vast, blue ocean for very long, for he soon spotted a small shape, which could only have been an island, on the horizon. \"Land hoooooo!\" he shouted, alerting the sunbathing pirates below, who all sat up in surprise and relief. They were running low on water and were getting very thirsty from the heat, so imagine how glad they must've been to hear that they'd soon be docking at an island where they'd no doubt find plenty of fresh water to cure them of that thirst. In the stifling heat, some of them had forgotten the very reason why their Captain had ordered to have them sailed into this dreaded hot Caribbean in the first place. Then they'd quickly remember he told them he always thought a beautiful tropical island would be the ideal spot for him to make a proposal to the one he loved. Upon hearing the call from the burly pirate above, the Pirate Captain took out his own telescope and scanned the wide ocean out in front of him until he spotted the very island his friend had just spotted. \"Ah, at last...\" he whispered to himself as the excited crew all bustled up to the bow of the boat and watched as the distant island slowly but surely floated closer and closer. ~ About an hour later, though that very hour seemed more like a day to the impatient and thirsty pirates, the ship had finally docked at the shore of the tropical island. Upon climbing down from the boat, some of them were so glad to feel their feet going to the wonderfully cool water that they immediately began to frolic about in it to cool themselves off. The rest of them either went and found shade under some of the huge palm trees or went off into the jungle, to find streams to collect fresh water and food from. \"So, when are you gonna pop the question to the Pirate with a Scarf then, Captain?\" the Albino Pirate eventually asked the Pirate Captain excitedly, though keeping his voice down so that the first mate who was still close by wouldn't hear him. At this, the Pirate Captain looked in the direction of the Pirate with a Scarf, who was on the beach attempting to light a fire with flints he had found and collected around the beach in order to cook any catches his friends might make in the sea for breakfast. He looked up to catch the elder pirate looking at him and give him a sweet smile before returning to his work. The Captain felt his legs turn to jelly as the fresh memory of that smile burned itself into his mind. Sweet Neptune, how beautiful the first mate was, especially when he smiled that lovely smile of his. It was at this moment that his anxiety about that evening's mission began to be replaced with excitement. The Pirate Captain just chuckled. \"Patience, Albino Pirate,\" he said to the youngest member of the crew, with a teasing smile. \"It shall be done this evening.\" ~ Time seemed to drag until the sun had finally begun to set. It was the Pirate Captain's queue to ask the Pirate with a Scarf if he fancied taking a stroll around the island with him. The Pirate with a Scarf quite happily agreed and they left the ship, the Pirate Captain leading his beloved first mate by the hand, their fingers interlocked, around the beach until they had both on the other side of the island. Once there, they took a seat together on the slowly cooling sand and, for what seemed like hours, just enjoyed the view in front of them. And what a beautiful view it was indeed. The gradually setting sun had caused the previously bright blue sky to take colours of violet, pink, red, orange and yellow, the reflection of said sun also sparkling against the steel blue ocean like scattered gold coins. The pleasant, comfortable silence both pirates shared was broken only by the soft lapping of the waves as they slowly swayed back and forth on the shore. \"It's not every day a captain gets to share a beautiful view like this first mate, eh, Number Two?\" the Pirate Captain eventually commented to the Pirate with a Scarf, smiling from ear to ear. The Pirate with a Scarf returned the smile. \"No, indeed it isn't, sir,\" he answered happily, leaning his head on his beloved captain's shoulder. \"I'm very glad you brought us here.\" The Pirate Captain chuckled as he wrapped his arm around the younger pirate. \"So am I, Number Two.\" \"Incidentally, Captain,\" the first mate began, looking up at his lover. \"Why did you bring us here anyway?\" The Pirate Captain turned to face the Pirate with a Scarf. Although the younger pirate was still smiling, the Captain still detected a look of mock suspicion in his beautiful blue eyes, which gleamed like two well-polished sapphires in the slowly diminishing sunlight. It was then that the elder pirate began to feel his nervousness returning to him. Now was the moment for him to make the proposal. He had just taken him round the opposite side of the island from where their ship had been docked, so it was pretty much too late to turn back now. So he just summoned up all the courage he had, willing himself to ignore the butterflies in his stomach and the rapid beating of his heart, and cleared his throat. \"Er, the fact is, Number Two,\" he began. \"The reason I brought you here was because I have a very important question to ask you, but before I do, there are some things I think you should know.\" \"Oh?\" The Pirate with a Scarf raised one of his eyebrows as his curiosity increased. \"Well...\" the Pirate Captain continued, trying to remember the list of things he had jotted down to say to his first mate whilst on their journey to the island. \"To start with, Number Two, I think you should know that these past several years that we've known each other have been the happiest of my life.\" \"Yes, indeed, they have been wonderful, sir,\" agreed the Pirate with a Scarf, nodding his head. \"Yes, but see,\" the Pirate Captain continued, now starting to feel his confidence returning to him, though the butterflies and the pounding of his heart were refusing to stop at this point. \"Even before I realised my feelings for you, you were my best friend, and still remained so of course after I had discovered said feelings.\" ~ \"I think he's gonna do it, guys!\" whispered the Albino Pirate excitedly. Very much like his friends to who he was talking, he had quietly followed the two lovers to the opposite side of the island, despite the Pirate Captain's strict orders to remain on the ship after they had gone. They were all watching from in amongst the trees, just at the edge of the jungle behind them. \"C'mon, lads,\" whispered the Pirate with Gout, motioning for them all to make their way back to the ship as he turned to do so himself. \"Let's give 'em some privacy, eh?\" \"Sshhh!\" hissed the Surprisingly Curvaceous Pirate. \"We're gonna miss the good part!\" The Pirate with Gout rolled his eyes, seeing now that his fellow pirates weren't going to move an inch until the \"good part\" to which his somewhat effeminate friend was referring had come, so he reluctantly decided to stay put and continue to watch the romantic scene in front of them. ~ \"Not only are you a fantastic lover, Number Two,\" the Pirate Captain went on, taking the Pirate with a Scarf hand into his own, as the two pirates were now standing, facing each other. \"You are also the best first mate any pirate could have, as well as the best friend anyone could have. You've always been there for me, even through my toughest times. You've seen past my various flaws and focused only on the best parts of me. Indeed, it is because of those flaws that sometimes I feel as though I really don't deserve another pirate as brilliant as you. But whenever I look at you, I always end up thinking to myself, 'There is a pirate I want to spend the rest of my life with'. It's true. Not only is that a want, it's also a need as well. If ever you were to leave me for a another pirate, for whatever reason, or if you were to fall overboard and drown during a storm or be run through by another pirate or one of those damn sailors from the Royal Navy, I honestly do not think I could cope. In fact, I would very likely die then myself. I know all of that may sound very selfish, but I am very grateful for all the love, devotion and loyalty you've shown me over these years, Number Two, and I do not have any intention whatsoever to lose or give any of that up. So, with that being said...\" As he began that last sentence, the Pirate Captain knelt down to the sand on one knee, put his hand into his luxuriant beard and pulled out a small, gold engagement ring adorned by a huge diamond which sparkled radiantly in what little light there was left now that the sun was starting to sink below the horizon. Unable to take his eyes away from the piece of jewellery his beloved captain was held out in front of him, the Pirate with a Scarf just stood completely still with his eyes wide and his mouth agape. He could hardly believe what was happening. Was the Pirate Captain actually proposing to him!? Really wanting to be sure, he looked back up at the elder pirate, who was now looking at him with hope in his dark oaken brown eyes. \"Pirate with a Scarf,\" the Pirate Captain began. \"Will you marry me and make me the happiest captain ever to sail the seven seas?\" For a split second, the Pirate with a Scarf felt his heart lifting with sheer happiness and was about to give an immediate reply of \"Yes,\" which he was sure the elder pirate must've been expecting. Though that was until he remembered the circumstances which came with living in a time period in which the majority of people were totally against marriage between two people of the same gender. Then the happiness that had started to fill his heart was now being replaced with sorrow. \"Oh, Captain...\" he said sadly. \"I'd love to, but I can't.\" \"Why not?\" asked the Pirate Captain, feeling his heart beginning to break at the first mate's answer. \"Well, you know what it says in the Bible, sir,\" the younger pirate answered solemnly. \"About marriage being between a man and a woman.\" \"The Bible? Oh, pah!\" scoffed the Captain. \"It also said in the Bible that it's a sin for two men to fall in love with each other, but that didn't stop us now, did it?\" As he said that last sentence, the Pirate Captain gave his lover a cheeky wink. The Pirate with a Scarf hesitated, but then had to let out a small chuckle. \"Good point, sir,\" he smiled. \"I should think so too,\" replied the Captain. \"So, a yes this time, is it?\" The Pirate with a Scarf smiled again. \"Sure, why not,\" he answered as he held his hand out in front of him. The Pirate Captain's cheeky grin then melted into a warm smile. \"Oh, Number Two, you have no idea how happy you have just made me,\" he said as he slipped the ring onto the first mate's finger. \"I can only make a rough speculation, sir,\" answered the Pirate with a Scarf as he watched the elder pirate stand up in front of him. \"Yes, well, let's not bother trying any of that now, shall we?\" said the Pirate Captain, putting a callused hand to the Pirate with a Scarf's soft cheek. \"All that will do is give you a terrible headache, which will put a bit of a damper on this beautiful moment.\" \"Oh, dear, we wouldn't want that now, would we sir?\" said the Pirate with a Scarf, his smile getting wider. \"No, indeed we would not,\" replied the Pirate Captain, his voice had now gotten lower from all the love and passion he was feeling. For a moment, both pirates just stared deeply into each other's eyes, seeing all the love they felt for one another burning within. Slowly, their faces leaned and their lips were just inches apart when they suddenly heard a slow, romantic tune being played on an accordion, coming from in amongst the trees beside them. The Pirate Captain sighed irritably and shook his head, as he knew that the source of such a sound could only have been the Pirate with an Accordion, which meant that the crew had completely disobeyed his order and followed them to this very spot. \"I told the lads to stay at the boat until we came back,\" he grumbled. The Pirate with a Scarf just chuckled. \"Oh, let them enjoy themselves, Captain,\" he smiled, reaching a hand up and stroking his fiancé's beard. \"It's not as if they weren't going to find out anyway.\" At that, the Pirate Captain's scowl was replaced with a grin. \"Very true, Number Two,\" he said, wrapping his arms around his fiancé's waist. \"Very true.\" Then, just before the Pirate with a Scarf could register what was happening, the Pirate Captain immediately dipped him and pressed his lips against his own. The younger pirate then wrapped his arms around the Captain's neck as he returned the kiss, causing it to deepen and become more passionate. Soon, they both became completely lost in the most romantic moment they had shared yet. So lost in fact, that they had totally forgetting about the other pirates, who now all had wide grins plastered to their faces as they watched said romantic moment from within the trees. ","Summary":" Almost a year had passed since the Pirate Captain and his beloved first mate, the Pirate with a Sca"},{"Movie":"Winnie the Pooh","Title":"The Story of Winnie The Pooh","Author":"ANW2004","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13031487","Passage":"[Chapter 1] In The Hundred Acre Wood, Winnie the Pooh and Christopher Robin are Sitting in the Log Playing The Sticks In Water. Winnie The Pooh: \"Christopher Robin, The Shumway Family Says I Love You To My New World\" Christopher Robin: \"Yeah Pooh Bear, I Love It When They Something New After The Marching Time\" Winnie The Pooh: (Giggles) \"I Love That Too You Know. Forever and Ever\" Later, Pooh and Rabbit Walked Into His Garden To See Some Veggies And Plants. Rabbit: \"I Would Like To See The Vegetables And Flowers To See You, Pooh\" Winnie The Pooh: \"Whoa I See This Coming\" Rabbit: \"Pooh, This is a Way How We Get Into The Hundred Acre Wood Stories That The Swamp is Gone\" He Shivered His Arms Like Crazy. Later, at Tigger's House. Tigger And Roo Are In Dialogue. Tigger: \"I would wish. It would give the ordinary one\" Roo: \"Tigger, I know who it is?\" Tigger: \"He's right\" Roo: \"That should be in this way\" Tigger: \"Alright, Pal, Let's Go fishing\" In Piglet's House, Piglet is in the Effective Speaking. Piglet: \"I was in speaking this way, sort of\" Eeyore: \"Okay. I'll hide off\" Piglet: \"Hey You Don't Wanna Eat That!\" Eeyore: \"me neither\" Piglet: \"So, it happened here. We can't do that with Pooh and his friends\" Eeyore: \"oh\" Meanwhile, Pooh and Christopher Robin Announcing That Journey has to Start. Pooh: \"So What, Christopher, Have We See That One?\" Christopher Robin: \"Which it Doesn't Mean to Get That, Pooh Bear\" Pooh: \"So, We Promised\" So, The Time Lived Up A Happily Ever. WAIT! One More Time. Pooh And His Friends Decided To Go Somewhere. Song Begins. Deep in the hundred acre wood Where Christopher Robin plays You will find the enchanted neighbourhood Of Christopher's childhood days A donkey named Eeyore is his friend And Kanga and little Roo There's Rabbit and Piglet And there's Owl But most of all Winnie the Pooh Winnie the Pooh Winnie the Pooh Tubby little cubby all stuffed with fluff He's Winnie the Pooh Winnie the Pooh Willy nilly silly old bear Winnie the Pooh Winnie the Pooh Tubby little cubby all stuffed with fluff He's Winnie the Pooh Winnie the Pooh Willy nilly silly old bear Meanwhile, Pooh and His Friends Are Happy And Smiling All Day And They All Went Up. Rabbit: \"So, We Have Recommendation For The Adventures,Marketings,Singing And Dancing,The Happiness And More!\" Piglet: \"I Wish We Could Too\" Pooh: \"Thank You Piglet\" They All Lived Happily Ever After. THE END The Story of Winnie the Pooh ","Summary":" In The Hundred Acre Wood, Winnie the Pooh and Christopher Robin are Sitting in the Log Playing The "},{"Movie":"Winnie the Pooh","Title":"The Adventures of Alycia Debnam-Carey and Winnie the Pooh","Author":"Crow Reaper","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13137658","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1: A New World Being a lonely child, I longed to have a friend with whom I can play with. My wish was granted when I discovered a new world and a bear called Pooh. - Alycia On a calm tranquil sunny day in a rural area in Australia, stood a ranch, where a little girl lives with her mother. This little girl is called Alycia, she is eight years old and loves to play all day. Alycia is very lonely and doesn't have any close friends, mainly because she lives miles away from any city or any other ranch. Nonetheless, Alycia passes the time by keeping herself entertained and occupied: finding lizards, flying a kite, singing, playing with dolls or collecting feathers. Every time Alycia would go out to play, she always told her mother, and her mother told her how far she could go and when she needed to be back. On this particular sunny day, Alycia decided to fly her kite, which she made herself. While out in the big grass area, where the sun shone so brightly and the wind was light, she attempted to get her kite high in air. The kite did eventually go airborne, and Alycia gazed how the sun radiated on the kite, and turned it into bright pink. Then all of a sudden, the wind got strong and blew the kite deep into the woods. Alycia huffed with frustration, and decided to go fetch her kite, stepping into the shadows and under the trees. Following the string from her kite, she eventually located her kite and saw it was stuck in a tall large oaktree, which towered above her. With one simple yank of the line, her kite crashed to the ground. When Alycia went to pick up her kite, she noticed a dark hole at the base of the tree stump, in between thick roots that burrowed in the ground. She looked into the hole and wondered what lived in there, but all she could find was a sliver of light in the dark tunnel. The hole being big enough for Alycia, she decided to investigate by crawling into the dry hole, hoping the tunnel wouldn't cave in. The soil was damp and the tunnel was humid, but light being at the end of the tunnel was what determined Alycia to keep crawling to the other side. After a short crawl through the tunnel, Alycia reached the end and found herself in another area. She was still in a forest, but this one looked more different to the one she came from. The trees were covered in bright fresh green leaves, and moss grew on the tree trunks. The atmosphere wasn't hot, but rather a gentle breeze, making it a more pleasant and a more comforting environment to be in. Alycia could see a big open field ahead of her, and decided to run into the open field and frolic in its big open grassy area. Running towards the open and feeling the cool breeze, she danced and sung loudly, improvising the lyrics as she went along. After feeling a little tired from aimlessly running around the field, she then noticed something in the distance, which looked like a big tree. Being the curious girl she was, she moved closer to the tree, and saw something move at the stump. Getting closer and closer, it was obvious that this moving spectacle was an animal of some sort, but it was wearing an article of clothing. It wore a red shirt over its plump yellow furry body. Upon closer examination, it was obvious this small creature was a bear, resembling a teddy bear. This realisation made Alycia smitten and found the little yellow bear's endeavor to climb up the tree, which only resulted him sliding down the big round stub, making adorable little grunts. „Hello there,\" greeted Alycia, looking at the little yellow bear with its back turned. The bear turned around and revealed its black beady eyes, which looked startled as if he has never seen a human before in his life. „Oh hello there,\" responded the bear, with a soft delicate voice, kind of like the sound of an owl hooting. „Sorry if I scared you, you look like you need help,\" said Alycia, as she walked closer towards the harmless looking bear. „Oh yes I do, a bear like me always has trouble getting up a tree,\" responded the bear. „Did you lose something in the tree?\" asked Alycia. „No, nothing like that. Up in the tree is something for me,\" answered the bear. „What's in the tree?\" asked Alycia with a curious frown. „Honey,\" responded the bear. „Honey,\" said Alycia, not sounding surprised that a bear wanted honey. „Yes honey, my favourite snack, but unfortunately I'm too small to get up that tree,\" said the bear. „Maybe I can help you,\" offered Alycia. „Oh that's very kind of you, someone of your size could sure help me,\" elated the bear, jumping up and down and clapping, „What's your name may I ask?\" „I'm Alycia,\" introduced Alycia with a warm smile. „I'm Pooh,\" introduced the bear. „Pooh?\" repeated Alycia, looking confused at the weird sounding name. „Yes, Winnie the Pooh, just call me Pooh; everyone does,\" insisted Pooh. „Okay Pooh, what do you need me to do?\" asked Alycia. „Just need to get up on that branch,\" said Pooh, pointing up at the branch above. „Okay, I'll help you up,\" obliged Alycia. Alycia picked up Pooh from behind from under the arms, who felt just like a teddy bear and was light as a bag of feathers. With Alycia's assistance, Pooh reached the branch, and balanced on the branch while walking towards the tree trunk. Alycia watched Pooh slowly walk towards the trunk while maintaining his balance, and was ready to catch him if he fell. Pooh reached the trunk and poked his head into a hole in the trunk, then removed his head and looked down at Alycia. „Yep this is it, I found honey… do you see a pot near your feet?\" asked Pooh, pointing down to where it was. Alycia looked below her feet, and saw a big round clay pot with the misspelling „Hunny\" inscribed on it. „Yeah I see it,\" confirmed Alycia. „I need you to hold up the pot and help me fill it with honey,\" instructed Pooh. „Sure,\" said Alycia, as she grabbed the open pot and held it up, trying to aim it directly below the branch. Pooh then begun to grab handfuls of thick sticky honey from the hole in the tree, and let it slowly drip from his hands, and leak down directly into the pot. Alycia's arms were getting tired from keeping the pot steady in her hands, and the fact the pot was getting heavy as it was filling up with honey. Almost unable to hold the pot anymore, because the heavy pot was hurting her arms and making them tired, Alycia put down the pot and could see it was full to the brim with thick yellow honey. „Pooh, I think the pot is full,\" announced Alycia. „Oh I sure hope so, need enough honey to last me the whole week I hope,\" speculated Pooh, „Better eat some while I still can,\" Pooh continuously sticks his hands in the tree, and scoops up big handfuls of honey and stuffing it ravenously into his mouth. It gets out of control until Pooh sticks half his body into the hole with only his legs sticking out. „O bother,\" echoed Pooh's voice in the tree. He kicked his legs franticly and pulled himself out of the tree, and a swarm of vicious bees buzzed around the scared looking bear. „O bother bother,\" panicked Pooh, while trying to escape the swarm of bees by hopping on the branch. Unable to keep his balance, Pooh fell off the branch and Alycia caught him, preventing him hitting the ground. „Silly old bear,\" tutted Alycia, placing Pooh gently on the ground. „You know, you're not the only one who has called me that,\" said Pooh. „No,\" reacted Alycia. „My friend Christopher Robin says that to me, don't suppose you know him do you?\" wondered Pooh. „No I don't, I'm guessing he's not a bear,\" said Alycia. „No he's a human like you, but he's a boy,\" clarified Pooh. Alycia and Pooh walked together with Alycia carrying the pot full of honey with her. On the way they passed a farm, which Pooh told Alycia that a farmer called „Rabbit\" lives there, who is one of his friends. They walked past Six Pine Trees, which were six large pine trees close together forming a small forest. When Alycia asked Pooh where they were going, Pooh told her they were going to see one of his friends called „Piglet\", who was a rather timid and shy little critter. Pooh assured Alycia that Piglet despite his timidness and shyness is a gentle and friendly fellow, but asked that she approach him in a calm manner, so she doesn't scare him. When they finally got to Piglet's house, which was a tree with its roots burrowing in the ground. There was a tiny little arched pink door, with a small window above and a small balcony above. On the right side, there stood a sign shaped like a pointing hand, with the inscription „Trespassers will\". Pooh knocked on the door, hoping that Piglet would be in. Knowing that Piglet prefers the safety of indoors and doing housework, Pooh was expecting the door to open, and Piglet would be pleased to see his close friend has come to visit. The door subsequently opened, and there stood a small pink looking creature. Just what Alycia expected, Piglet looked just like a piglet, with big stuck up ears and a snout. Like Pooh he was like a stuffed cuddly toy, he also had cute beady eyes, but was much smaller than Pooh. The only article he wore what looked like a magenta striped bathing suit. „Hello Pooh,\" greeted Piglet with a big cheery smile. „Hello Piglet,\" greeted Pooh. After a small friendly conversation, Pooh announced, „I know you are not so fond of strangers, but I got someone I'd like you to meet.\" „Oh d-d-d-dear,\" stuttered Piglet, „I hope it's not a heffalump, I can't stand those things, they are so noisy.\" „Don't worry Piglet, it's just another human like Christopher Robin,\" soothed Pooh. „Oh I like Christopher Robin, he's so kind and helpful,\" smiled Piglet. „Then you'll love our new friend,\" assured Pooh, as he turned his head around in Alycia's direction, „You can come out now.\" Alycia came out from around the corner of Piglet's house, and slowly approached Piglet, casting her shadow over him. Piglet begun to shake with fear and tap his paws together, showing how anxious he was. „Piglet, I'd like you to meet Alycia,\" introduced Pooh. „Nice to meet you Piglet,\" greeted Alycia with a smitten smile, admiring Piglet's adorableness with how shy and small he is. „Oh nice to m-m-m-meet you Alycia, please excuse my stuttering, I'm not used to meeting new people,\" apologised Piglet. „Oh no it's okay, I understand,\" said Alycia. „But one day I will be brave… I hope,\" gulped Piglet. „Do you have an empty jar we could borrow Piglet?\" asked Pooh. „Why yes of course I do, you can never have enough,\" enlivened Piglet, running back to his house. He returned in less than a minute with a big jar in his hand, which was half his size. Pooh poured some honey into the empty jar until it was full, screwed the top on and handed it to Alycia. „Normally I don't share honey, but I want you to have this as a token of gratitude for helping me get my honey,\" offered Pooh, gladly offering the jar to Alycia. „Thank you Pooh, that's very generous of you, but it was nothing really,\" thanked Alycia, taking the jar of honey. „Oh no really, it was you who got me up in the tree, which reminds me… do you think you could help my friend Piglet get haycorns?\" wondered Pooh. „Haycorns, oh you mean acorns,\" said Alycia. „That's what I said, haycorns, Piglet loves them,\" said Pooh. „Sure I'll happily do that, but I think I should be getting home now,\" disclosed Alycia. „Oh I see, well maybe come tomorrow and help Piglet get his acorns, he would really appreciate that,\" said Pooh. „Why yes, I would really appreciate that. Normally I have to wait until they fall to the ground, but with someone your height, I'm sure you can help me get a whole bushel of them,\" smiled Piglet. Pooh helped Alycia find her way back where she came from, by leading her to the honey tree, where she could recall her steps and find her way back home. When they reached the honey tree, Pooh and Alycia waved each other „bye\" and went their own separate ways. Alycia retraced her steps in the woods, and found the same tree she crawled out from, and was relieved to see the hole was still there. She crawled through the dark hole and after a short crawl through the tunnel, she reached the other side and was back in her world. She saw her kite was still there lying on the ground, as she picked it up and carried it home with her. Alycia arrived home to find her mum doing housework in the kitchen, as Alycia's mum turned round to see her daughter had just arrived back home. „Look mum… I got some honey,\" bubbled Alycia holding the jar of honey high for her mother to see. „Alycia where have you been?\" worried Alycia's mum. „Just out… look mum, honey,\" repeated Alycia, holding the jar of honey close to her mum's face. „I can see that, your clothes are sticky in it, and you look like you've been rolling around in the dirt,\" revealed Alycia's mum. „Sorry mum, I just got too excited,\" apologised Alycia. Without asking Alycia anything about where she got the honey from, Alycia's mum took the jar of honey from her and ordered, „Why don't you go and have a bath, I'm about to start dinner.\" „Sure mum,\" chirped Alycia, marveling at the thought of having a bath, as she skipped to the bathroom. For the remainder of the day, Alycia dreamt about her next meeting with Pooh, the many fun adventures they will have together and the thought of a beautiful friendship. To be continued… ","Summary":" Chapter 1: A New World Being a lonely child, I longed to have a friend with whom I can play with. M"},{"Movie":"Winnie the Pooh","Title":"Winnie's adventures in the 100 Acre Woods","Author":"1pot1bear","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12387328","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I Have Herpes! Story of Winnie the Pooh The short and stout little bear woke up one morning to go to the restroom, he pulls back his flab to reveal the most disgusting of disorders. Oh bother! I must get this checked out, Owl will know what to do. \"Pooh, what is the meaning of this unexpected visit?\" \"I have a slight problem with my no no place, I suspect it has to do with my honey fetish.\" \"That is too much information Pooh, put this ointment on it and leave at once.\" Oh man what will Chris do when I tell him, thought Pooh,\" surely I'll be punished . \"I can't take any more lashings!\" he yelled. Piglet overheard him and said to himself, \"surely he must be talking about his private swingers group.\" \"Oh Pooh!\" Piglet hollered. \"Yes Piglet, do you want some honey?\" \"No not right now, I was just wondering if you could tone it down tonight.\" With an evil grin Pooh looked down and rasped out, \"We will try.\" \"Aah, Ack …. Too much honey Chris!\" Pooh yelled, \"I need less sticky.\" Everything was spiraling out of control from honey to whip back and forth, Pooh could barely hold on to the very essence of life, but just before Pooh's certain heart attack, he heard Eeyore knocking on the door. \"Oh Bother!\" Pooh gasped out, \"I have to go it's my five o'clock appointment.\" \"I'm glad you could fit me in Pooh, my depression was really hitting me today.\" \"That's okay I am here to make that all better,\" Pooh replied. Eeyore had to assert his dominance this night to make everything go just right. He began with the honey just as Chris had done only moments ago. Next came the honey pot, a feat that had never been conquered before, a pain no one could imagine. With that all happening Pooh is writhing in pain while searching for his ointment to soothe his agony. Lastly was the final act of Eeyore's mind, The Rope. \"This noose is too loose, THIS noose is too tight. But this one right here? This noose is juuuust right,\" Eeyore says as Pooh's last breaths are heard. ","Summary":" I Have Herpes! Story of Winnie the Pooh The short and stout little bear woke up one morning to go t"},{"Movie":"Winnie the Pooh","Title":"Roo's Misadventures!","Author":"Disneyboy101","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12904290","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hi everyone, it's Disneyboy101, with yet another fanfiction, however, this'll require your help! See, I'm in Disney and I'm suddenly went back into my childhood when I was a little boy, as you may already know of the title, our adorable young joey's going on some adventures, but the coolest part of it is that you're gonna be part of it! You're not just gonna be a part of Roo's adventures, but you can also choose what adventure you want to do! And before you ask, no I haven't given up my Lion Guard story, I'm just taking a break. Now with that out of the way, here are some of the rules you're gonna have to follow: 1. No profanity (I know, I did use some cussing in my other fanfic, but I want this to be a story not only for kids to read and enjoy, but also for teens and adults who've grown to love and take a good ol' trip down memory lane.) 2. No sex (I just not good at describing that kind of stuff like that, sorry, just doing it for the kids and Roo's sakes.) 3. Nothing too scary or somber (Yes, I will do some scary stuff in this, but I want those kinds of adventures to be kid-friendly and not too gory, plus it'll scare the bejeezus out of kids and I don't want that, also, I will add in some sad stuff, but nothing really too sad like suicides or anything like that, it'll also be too scary and that will make kids cry, so don't do any of that!) 4. Your OCs can be allowed (OK, now I know what you're thinking, what does he mean by that? Well, if you have an OC in mind you want me to add in, then by all means, do it, just not too scary and nothing evil, agreed? Agreed, right, continuing on.) Welp, I'm gonna get the introduction ready and I think Roo's ready for his adventures as well and Roo also got a message for me to tell you all. He wanted me to tell you guys good luck and do your very best. I'm gonna probably tell him it was nice of him to tell you guys that, including Ms. Kanga. Anyways, Roo is getting ready and I gotta go get myself ready, until then, see you soon! ;) ","Summary":" Hi everyone, it's Disneyboy101, with yet another fanfiction, however, this'll require your help! Se"},{"Movie":"Winnie the Pooh","Title":"Winnie The Pooh II","Author":"ANW2004","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13098747","Passage":"[Chapter 1] So, At Ashdown Forest, December 1 2012. Customer Guy: \"So, What Ever What We Saying For?\" Nice Woman: \"So, We Watched ALF And Open Season Last Night\" Customer Guy: \"Yep\" Nice Woman: \"Okay. They Are Known To Be Words\" Customer Guy: \"See You Soon\" So, A Pink And White Furred Female Rabbit Showed Up. Pink and White Furred Female Rabbit: \"Oh No No No No\" The Jeep Moved Away As She Watches. Winnie The Pooh II So, Starting In Hundred Acre Wood. Pooh Woke Up. Winnie The Pooh: \"What A Late Morning\" He Got Out of His House. Pooh,Tigger,Rabbit,Eeyore,Christopher Robin,Owl,Kanga And Roo Were Watching The Sun. Rabbit: \"We See That. Never Saw Any of That Coming\" Winnie The Pooh: \"We See This is The Bird\" Christopher Robin: \"So, Pooh, What's Up That Bird?\" Tigger: \"I Confirmed That Is Getting Lost!\" Pooh Bear Saw A Pink Female Stuffed Queen Bear Crawling To The Ground Against The Tree. Winnie The Pooh: \"Oh, Mom, Christopher Robin And I Were Watching The Birds\" Winnie The Pooh's Mom: \"Son, We Need To Get The Helping Others To See Us Okay\" Winnie The Pooh: \"And So, Whatever Happened To Us?\" Winnie The Pooh's Mom: \"So, Son, Whatever Gonna Start Me\" Winnie The Pooh: \"The Other Choices Are\" Winnie The Pooh's Mom: \"What Should Be Done?\" Winnie The Pooh: \"That's Okay\" Winnie The Pooh's Mom: \"Not Really, Pooh\" Winnie The Pooh: \"I Consider That Christopher Robin is My Friend\" Winnie The Pooh's Mom: \"Yes\" Winnie The Pooh: \"I Love You, Mom\" Later, Tigger,Eeyore And Piglet Walked In. Piglet: \"I Wonder Why\" Tigger: \"Because What Ever Happened Is...\" Eeyore: \"It's Considering To All of Us\" Tigger: \"I Can See I Can See I Can See I Can See I Can See I Can See I Can See I Can See I Can See!\" Eeyore: \"That's What We Get\" Piglet: \"We Place To I Can See To We Get\" They Over Back To Hundred Acre Wood. ","Summary":" So, At Ashdown Forest, December 1 2012. Customer Guy: \"So, What Ever What We Saying For?\" Nice Wo"},{"Movie":"Winnie the Pooh","Title":"The Ticklish Tigger","Author":"Anthony W","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12792286","Passage":"[Chapter 1] One fine morning in the Hundred Acre Wood, Kanga was busy sweeping up leaves out of her house. She took a deep breath and sighed as she enjoyed the cool, windy breeze. \"Feels so nice,\" Kanga said to herself. She kept sweeping, when Tigger came bouncing toward her happily. \"Hoo-hoo-hoo! Top of the mornin', Mrs. Kanga, ma'am!\", Tigger greeted. \"Well, good morning to you, Tigger, dear,\" Kanga smiled. Tigger laughed. \"She called me dear!\", he said to himself. \"So, what brings you here?\", Kanga asks Tigger. \"Oh, nothin'. Just wanted to come and say hi to my ol' buddy Roo.\" \"Oh, of course, dear. Come on in,\" Kanga walks into her house as Tigger follows suit. \"Roo! Tigger's here!\", Kanga calls out to her son. As fast as a rocket, Roo came running down to greet Tigger. \"Hi, Tigger! Hi, Tigger!\", Roo exclaime as he came running down. \"Why, hello there, Roo boy!\", Tigger said as he extended his arm for a hug. The little joey jumped into his arms as they embraced. Kanga watched, smiling. \"Wanna go and play?\", Roo asks Tigger. \"You bet! Hoo-hoo-hoo!\", Tigger laughs as he and Roo go bouncing outside together. Kanga stands outside as she waves. \"Good luck, dears!\", Kanga calls out to the two. ","Summary":" One fine morning in the Hundred Acre Wood, Kanga was busy sweeping up leaves out of her house. She "},{"Movie":"Winnie the Pooh","Title":"Retorno al Bosque de los Cien Acres","Author":"Pajaros en la cabeza","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12908876","Passage":"[Chapter 1] WINNIE THE POOH ES UNA OBRA DE A. A. MILNE Christopher permaneció en el umbral durante un rato, abrumado. Aquel desván era un desastre se mirara por donde se mirara: una gruesa capa de polvo impregnaba las superficies y se había materializado en bolas de pelusa de considerable tamaño que correteaban por el suelo impulsadas por el aire que movía al caminar; aquí y allá se acumulaban objetos oxidados, viejos, cubiertos de moho, simplemente feos...En fin, había muchísimo trabajo que hacer, tanto que se convenció de que necesitaría uno o dos días para terminarlo. Y más estando solo. Al ver tantísimas cajas apiladas formando montañas, Christopher no pudo evitar preguntarse por enésima vez si realmente merecía la pena remover todo aquello para encontrar un maldito papel, que a saber si no estaría cubierto de hongos o podrido. Eso si estaba allí. ¿No merecería más la pena ir directamente al registro y pedir una copia, aunque tuviera que pagar por ello? Luego se dijo que tendría que sacar todas aquellas cosas de todos modos, para dejar la casa presentable para los posibles compradores. Así que se resignó. Tarde o temprano, quisiera o no, tendría que llevar a cabo aquella tarea ingrata. Se obligó a sí mismo a empezar, antes de que sus energías matutinas se desvanecieran. Podría haberlas empleado en escribir su siguiente artículo, pero se resignó. Mejor no pensar en ello. Tenía que concentrarse. Si iba a estar todo el rato pensando en lo poco que le apetecía hacer aquello, era preferible no pensar. Tomó la primera caja; casi se le cayó encima. Estaba llena de ropa de invierno de su madre. Ella ya no la iba a necesitar. La examinó. Olía raro, pero estaba aún en buenas condiciones; quizás en la parroquia la aceptaran. Las dos cajas siguientes contenían lo mismo. La que vino a continuación era muy ligera y estaba aplastada por el peso de las demás. Contenía adornos de Navidad, tan viejos y rotos que los apartó en un montón que designó para aquellas cosas que irían derechas a la basura. La caja que formaba la base guardaba en su interior cuadros que en alguna ocasión habían decorado la casa. No eran de su gusto, así que los apartó para tirarlos. Un viejo caballo balancín, roto, descansaba cerca de la pila, cubierto de telarañas. Quizás se pudiera arreglar, aunque Christopher no era lo suficientemente mañoso como para hacerlo...aunque quizás su amigo Wallace sí pudiera. Lo apartó para que lo viera y le diera su opinión. Junto al caballito se encontraban objetos que lo hicieron viajar en el tiempo e hicieron que la tarea fuera un poco menos pesada: sus juguetes de la infancia. El globo terráqueo en el que solía plantar el dedo al azar, para decidir dónde iba a viajar, aunque cayera en medio del océano; los cubos de madera con letras pintadas con los que sus padres le ayudaron a formar sus primeras palabras; viejos soldaditos de plomo, que le gustaba poner en formación en el pasillo; unos guantes de boxeo cuyo cuero se había pelado de tanto golpear todo cuando se encontraba por el camino...Lástima que estuvieran tan viejos. Nadie los querría. Si tuviera un niño, quizás le habría podido enseñar a apreciarlos, pero como no era así...Los apartó para tirar, aunque durante largo rato estuvo pensando si no habría algún coleccionista o nostálgico que apreciara las cosas antiguas y pudiera reparar aquellos pequeños desperfectos de la edad. Se limpió el sudor con el dorso de la mano. En aquel desván tan sofocante se le metía a uno la humedad en los pulmones y le impedía respirar. Tendría que gastar un buen dinero en acondicionar aquel lugar. Seguro que había hasta nidos de palomas y ratas, incluso le parecía oírlos. Soltando un suspiro, abrió la siguiente caja. Entonces, su corazón se detuvo. Unos ojos del color de la miel lo miraron. En realidad, había más pares de ojos ahí dentro, se dio cuenta cuando, al sobreponerse, sacó el contenido con una lentitud reverencial. Aquellos juguetes tenían el olor a humedad impregnado en las fibras de sus telas. En el fondo de la caja había esparcidas diminutas bolitas de relleno que se habían escapado a través de algunos rasguños que presentaban. Los colores se habían decolorado bastante. Algunos de los peluches estaban deformados por lo apretados que habían estado en la caja durante tantos años. Pero Christopher los reconoció al instante. Y ellos lo reconocieron a él. — ¡Hola, Christopher Robin!—Porquete agitó un bracito hacia él. — ¡Hola, hola, amiguito! ¿Por qué has tardado tanto en volver?—le preguntó Tigle. Conejo abandonó sus quehaceres a un lado del desván (quién sabe si no estaría conversando con uno de sus muchos familiares y amigos) y se acercó también, dedicándole un cortés movimiento de cabeza. — Por supuesto que te has olvidado de nosotros. Sobre todo de mí—suspiró con resignación Igore. Desde una de las vigas que pendían de su cabeza, Búho se asomó y miró al hombre con una sonrisa. Echó a volar y entonces la viga desapareció, y con ella la oscuridad. Los tablones mohosos que formaban el desván desaparecieron y en su lugar Christopher vio árboles frondosos y hierba fresca. La penumbra dio paso a un hermoso sol de primavera que lo acarició con sus rayos dorados, podía sentir su calor. — Christopher Robin—Puh reclamó su atención a su izquierda, de una forma un tanto tímida. De modo que, cuando él lo tomó en sus brazos, le dio un abrazo esmerado. No le importó el olor, y no se paró a pensar en lo pequeño que ahora le parecía aquel osito en sus brazos. — Hola, osito Puh. Espero que no te hayas aburrido mucho mientras estaba fuera FIN Nota: Pequeños detalles de esta versión de Christopher Robin, como su profesión, están inspiradas en la persona real detrás del personaje, el hijo del autor, Christopher Robin Milne ","Summary":" WINNIE THE POOH ES UNA OBRA DE A. A. MILNE Christopher permaneció en el umbral durante un rato, abr"},{"Movie":"Winnie the Pooh","Title":"Winnie the Pooh: Private Eye","Author":"JMBownz","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12530246","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Prologue A hot mist rolled over the edges of the ivory-toned tub as the water level rose. Eeyore shut off the valves to stop the water from leaking out onto the floor. He took off his towel and hung it over the rack. Then he rolled the dial on the CD player to make sure he could hear it well. Eeyore slid into the tub slowly, practically gasping at the soothing burn from the hot water climbing up over his body. \"I deserve this,\" Eeyore told himself slowly and quietly, as he always did. Eeyore began to fall asleep when suddenly, by request, the song on the radio changed. He recognized this one and began to be a little excited. It was his favorite song by his favorite band. Eeyore began to sing along. \"I wanna see you out that door, baby, bye bye bye…\" Suddenly, a sharp pain entered Eeyore's neck. He couldn't breathe. He reached up to grab his throat and felt a nail and felt hanging against his skin. His tail had punctured his neck. Eeyore began to choke and gag on his blood. He tried to grab the phone across from him on his nightstand, but it was just out of reach. By now, Eeyore had lost too much blood to summon the strength he needed to make it over the tub and to the phone. Eeyore realized that this was his time. And as the room began to fade, he closed his eyes and let go... The Game's Afoot Winnie the Pooh stirred the ice in his gin and soda with his finger, staring deep into his own thoughts. These days it seemed his mountains of booze were his only friends. His faded red shirt was a constant reminder of the better days, when Pooh went out… when he saw other beings for more than just long enough to ask them what the damage was for his cart full of alcohol and junk food… before the accident. Pooh winced in pain at the thought. And then he tucked it away and buried his face in the gin and soda. As he lowered the glass from his face, a dim flash caught his eye. The razor laid on the coffee table in front of him looked better each day. Pooh remembered how Piglet had begged for his help. His screams began to ring in Pooh's head. He could take no more. It was time to silence the screams. He started reaching for the shiny blade when the screams were suddenly interrupted by the ringing of the phone. Nobody'd called him in weeks, save a couple of bill collectors. Pooh wondered who it could be... He looked at the razor blade once more, then leaned back, picked up the phone, and answered. \"Hello?\" \"Pooh, this is Owl.\" Pooh sighed in exhaust. \"I know why you're calling. I've told you before. I'm retired.\" \"Pooh, you have to stop blaming yourself for what happened to Piglet. He knew the risk when he took the job.\" \"But it's my fault he-\" \"It doesn't matter whose fault it is. None of it matters now,\" Owl interrupted. \"What matters now is that there's a killer on the loose. We need your help.\" Pooh moaned. \"There's always a killer on the loose, Owl.\" \"Not like this one. This one's… special.\" Owl paused for a moment. \"Look, just come to 241 East Honey. You'll see what I mean. Please, Pooh. We need you.\" Pooh heard a click and the phone began to buzz. He put the phone back on its receiver and began to think deeply. Could it really be that important? What's so special about this case? He looked at his mantle, where his badge lay, collecting dust as it had for the past two years. \"Oh bother…\" When Pooh arrived at the scene, he began to feel familiar. Even though it'd been two years, he still felt more at home with squad cars and police tape than he had even lying in his own warm bed. He looked into his passenger seat, expecting to see Piglet as he'd always done before. But this time there was no Piglet. Just an empty seat stained with old coffee and bits of fast food. Pooh snapped back to reality, took a deep breath, and opened the car door. As soon as Pooh stepped on the pavement, he began to feel soaked. It was a very blustery day in the Hundred-Acre Woods. Any evidence outside of the home was almost surely washed away by now. Pooh hung onto his hat tight and pulled his collar against his neck to keep rain from leaking into his clothes. Then made his way into the house. The second Pooh stepped into the house and closed the door, his nostrils erupted with the ghastly stink of rot. Pooh gripped the door's frame and began to shake and vomit. He coughed and caught his breath and then collected himself. As Pooh began to look around the house, he realized just how huge it was. The entire thing was massive in itself, but what Pooh noticed was how well-furnished it was. Whoever owned this house was incredibly wealthy. A trail of blood across the walls caught Pooh's eye. The trail started at a picture frame. In the frame was a photo of Eeyore and Tigger. Pooh began to follow the trail of blood into the livingroom. It turned the corner and went up the stairs. Pooh could smell the stench getting stronger as he slowly made his way up the stairs. At the top of the stairs was a long hallway. And the blood trail continued to follow the wall all the way to the end, where Pooh saw the tiled floor of the bathroom. Pooh gulped and went inside. As he turned the corner, Pooh saw the overflowing tub of bloodied water with Eeyore's carcass ripped to shreds inside. On the wall, where the trail of blood ended, was the word, \"Springs.\" Pooh ripped the cellphone out of his pocket, began to dial, and put the phone to his ear. Almost instantly, Owl answered. \"Good evening, Pooh.\" \"I'll take the case,\" Pooh answered. \"I thought you might…\" Pooh hung up first this time and looked back at the bloodied mass in the bathtub. Then he thought of Piglet. And then, he thought of nothing… ","Summary":" Prologue A hot mist rolled over the edges of the ivory-toned tub as the water level rose. Eeyore sh"},{"Movie":"Winnie the Pooh","Title":"Kangas Sick Day","Author":"Prime Jeremy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12566690","Passage":"[Chapter 1] So I noticed there aren't many Pooh FF's, I mean to change that. It was a lovely day in the hundred-acre woods. Tigger hopped through the forest towards Kanga and Roo's house. He was going to see if Roo would go and hop with him, he saw their little household up ahead and hopped faster, \"hoo hoo! Can't wait to see my little buddy.\" He waved to Kanga as she swept the fall leaves from the front yard. \"Helloo there Misses Kanga ma'am!\" She looked up from her sweeping and forced a smile, \"Oh, hello Tigger dear, how are - AACHOO!\" She moaned as she took out a hanky and wiped her nose on it. Tigger gave a sheepish smile as he twirled his tail blushing. \"Oh golly gee, ya called me dear aha ha - wait a sec there, ya don't seem ta be yourself, hmm...\" He inspected her a bit, circling her as he looked her up and down. \"Mhmm, mhmm, I see... you lost some weight!\" Kanga blushed a bit as she waved him off, \"oh Tigger, you flatter me, maybe I have lost a few - ACHOO!\" She moaned again as she wiped her nose, \"sorry, I may have lost a few pounds, but that's because I'm sick.\" \"Oh, well that explains the sneezin, and the stuffy voice, and why your so ug- I mean uh, sick looking.\" Kanga raised an eyebrow at this with a stern look, \"good save, Tigger.\" \"why thank ya Misses Kanga!\" \"In any case, if you're looking for Roo, he's indoors, I doubt he'll be willing to play today though. He's set on helping me amidst the - ACHOO! -The chores. If you could find means of getting him to get out of the house a while despite that, I'd appreciate it. A boy should be outside playing with his friends, not helping his silly mother with her chores.\" \"Like heck, he should! In fact, I'll help ya too Misses Kanga! Here lemme sweep and you go put yourself to bed Misses Kanga!\" \"Oh, Tigger that's sweet but I couldn't possibly - ACHOO!\" \"Oh, nonsense Miss Kangahaha! Cleaning is what Tiggers do best!\" He took the broom from her and started sweeping. Dust flew everywhere, Kanga coughed as she waved her hand in front of her face. \"Tigger- ACK- Dear I honestly - ACK ACK - Tigger dear please - ACK- I actually - ACHOO!\" Tigger stopped and began pushing Kanga inside her house. \"Now Miss Kanga Ma'am, I like the mindset ya got, but there's no need to worry, Tiggers are the best at cleanin!\" \"Oh Tigger please, I really-\" \"No, no! No arguin, he opened her door and shoved her in, Roo shifted around from cleaning dishes. Bubbles flooded the entire sink and began overflowing onto the floor. \"Oh hi, mama- TIGGER!\" \"Oh no, Roo dear what on earth are you doing?!\" \"I'm cleaning the dishes mama, see?!\" He took a dish and held it over the floor, it slipped out of his grip and fell onto the floor, shattering. \"Oops, sorry, Mama.\" \"Oh, Roo dear\", Kanga hopped over to help, \"thank you for the help, Yet-\" \"Oh no, I'll tidy the mess up Kanga! You go off to the sack!\" \"Yeah Mama, Tigger will help me!\" Kanga sighed as she laid a tender hand on him, \"thank you Tigger But my answer is still no.\" She seized Roo and smoothly placed him down. \"Are- are those bubbles from your bath?!\" \"Yeah, it's what you use isn't, it mama?\" Kanga sighed. \"Oh dear, no, no it's not.\" She began taking the dish soap, she looked down to see Roo leaning against her leg. \"Please Mama go get some rest, pleeease?\" \"Oh, Roo...\" she watched as his eyes become more puppy dog like. Finally, she sighed. \"Fine.\" She turned to Tigger, \"can I trust you to -\" \"Of course, ya can Miss Kanga!\" He puffed out his chest in pride. \"Tiggers are the most trustworthiest Peoples around! And I happen to be the most trustworthiest, Tiggerest Tigger of em all!\" Kanga stared at him a moment and then back to Roo, both got together and started giving her the puppy dog eyes. She couldn't help but laugh, \"Oh all right then, I'll go to bed. Tigger, I'm trusting you- ACHOO!- Forgive me, dear. To keep our home spotless. \" \"You won't rue this decision Misses Kanga!\" Kanga cracked a faint smirk toward him. She went into her bedroom moreover shut the entrance following her. \"Okay little buddy, so let's finish those dishes!\" \"Okay!\" Tigger boosted Roo up furthermore set him on the counter. First things first, ya don't use bubbles ta wash, sonny boy!\" \"You use that stuff my mamma spilled on it right?\" \"PFFT, HOOHOOHOHOOO! No. Ya, apply spit and elbow Grease Roo boy!\" \"Ohhhh! I never considered of applying that before.\" \"Don't take it too hard little buddy, its yer first time doin the dishes after all, hoo hoo!\" Roo started to apply drool on a plate but Tigger jerked it away from him. \"Hey!\" \"Sorry Roo boy, but Ya don't comprehend what yer doin!\" \"But you told me I gotta sp-\" \"Yep, and ya do! Still, since its yer first time, I think it's best I merely show ya first.\" \"Ohhhh okay then!\" So Tigger took the plate he snatched from Roo and slobbered all over it. \"The first half's finished, now I gots ta grind it in Real good!\" He then started grinding his elbow on it until it started squealing. \"And done!\" He set it in a separate pile close to Roo. \"Um, shouldn't we remove the spit?\" \"Now why on earth would we do such a thing?\" \"well, because you slobbered upon it.\" Tigger encircled an arm about Roo's shoulders. \"Exac-aly my boy, that's what gets it clean.\" \"OOOOOOH I get it now, I had washed those dishes all wrong!\" \"Ya sure did, now that yer converted you can finally get it done accurately!\" \"Yay!\" Roo shouted as he jumped up and down with enthusiasm. Then Tigger and Roo slobbered on all the dishes and ground it in with their elbows. It didn't take long before they had all the dishes 'apparently' clean. \"Wow, that sure was simple!\" Roo declared. \"It sure was Roo old boy! Now, let's go sweep the house.\" \"Yeah!\" Tigger got the broom from outside and started sweeping. \"Oh! Oh! anything can I do Tigger?\" \"Oh, you? Uh, hmm anything can you do?\" Tigger looked all around the house then he thumped his paw into his palm, \"I gots it! You, my boy, can go and uh...\" They both thought strenuously on the subject, rapping their feet and chins in beat with each other. \"Oh, I know! You can settle the dishes away into the cupboard!\" Roo looked to the cupboard and the plates, then back to Tigger, \"are you certain that's a good idea?\" \"Sure I do, Tiggers can smell talent in people my boy. And you have some dangerous skill for putting dishes away!\" \"well, if you believe I can do it, then I'll get to work immediately!\" \"That's the spirit little buddy!\" \"So Tigger swept the house while Roo got back onto the counter and began putting the dishes away. \"Hmm, so how do I do this?\" He smiled as he got an idea, he bounced perpendicularly furthermore opened the cupboard. He began tossing the plates inside, he fumbled all the plates. They all collapsed to the ground and shattered. Tigger and Roo winced at the noise. \"Oops.\" \"It's okay little buddy, it's simply ...utterly...um... all the of the plates...\" Roo looked away in humiliation. Tigger walked over and hit him on the back, \"it's okay buddy, blunders occur!\" \"Yeah I guess, but if my mama comes out and notices this mess she'll never go back to bed!\" \"Oh, Don't you fret about that Roo old boy! I'll make sure she stays in there!\" \"It's a little late for that Tigger.\" Tigger recoiled at Kanga's tone, \"O-oh! Uh, Kanga ma'am, done with your snooze so shortly?\" She raised a brow at him, \"naturally, I imagine I am. You both made an enormous mess in here! Oh dear, oh dear, I've my job cut out for me here.\" Tigger and Roo both ran over to her and got on their knees. \"Oh please, oh please don't do this Misses Kanga ma'am!\" \"Yeah, you're ill, you need to sleep, mamma!\" Kanga gave an imposing gaze, Tigger and Roo continued to strike the puppy eyes. Kanga groaned as she looked elsewhere, \"oh not this again you two!\" This only caused them do it harder, Kanga couldn't handle it and sank down with a sigh. \"Look, I can't go to bed with a huge mess like this although-\" the puppy eyes grew hotter. \"Oh for goodness sake let me conclude before you sharpen it!\" They still grew hotter. She groaned in impediment as she put a hand to her temples. \"Look, how about you both help me tidy up, once all's said and done, I swear to go back to bed.\" Tigger and Roo both beamed at each other and said in a determined tone, \"Deal!\" And so All three of them cleaned the mess, Kanga showed Tigger and Roo the 'accurate' way to wash the plates. Time sped by and before they knew it they had concluded. Kanga smiled as he put her arms around the two of them and drew them near to her. \"Thank you both so much, now I can sleep, at least until dinner time that is.\" \"Oh no! Me and Roo are gonna be makin you -\" \"No.\" \"Oh...\" \"I'll escort you through the door Tigger dear.\" \"Ohoohoo! You called me dear.\" He accompanied Kanga to the door she opened it for him and motioned towards the outside. \"Thank you, Tigger but I think I can handle everything from here.\" \"Oh, well I guess I'll be back tomorrra ta see the little Rooster then, get well quickly Kanga ma'am!\" Kanga smiled and kissed his cheek, Tigger went from Orange to Red as he spun his tail. \"Oohhh, Misses Kanga ma'am...\" \"You're sweet Tigger, have a good night now!\" \"Oh, you too Misses Kanga, TTFN!\" Tigger stated as he bounced out of her home and off to his next adventure. \"Oh dear, I made a blunder,\" Kanga stated with guilt. Simple but I like it, I just improvised this story. Took about two days to write and not long to edit. I have another Pooh FF on the way, it's a chapter story, but the chapters are short, lie 500 words. I'm not going to be taking any Pooh FF I write too serious, and neither should you. Thanks for reading, and please comment your thoughts! ","Summary":" So I noticed there aren't many Pooh FF's, I mean to change that. It was a lovely day in the hundred"},{"Movie":"Winnie the Pooh","Title":"Where Do Tigger's Come From?","Author":"Ugly-Duckling123","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12946375","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: I purposely miss-spelt some of the words because that's how they are spelt in Winnie-The-Pooh Tigger, the most bouncy, trouncy, flouncy, pouncy feline in the woods had just see the last guest out after his Friends Reunion, rather than a Family one, and turned to see the decorations. \"Roo-boy did a great job of painting everyone on the banner,\" was his first thought as he went over to it. \"There's Eeyore, Kanga, Roo-boy, Long-Ears, Piglet, Owl, Pooh, Me, and Christopher Robin.\" he said pointing to each one saying the names. Not feeling tired and needing to be cheered up a bit, Tigger went for a midnight bounce around the woods. But that just made him feel more, less bouncy because he saw everyone all happy with family and knowing where they belong. Getting an idea, Tigger went back to that stripity tree where that big avalanchee happened, after leaving a note so his friends didn't worry this time and knew where he was. Arriving there he saw most of the stripes had gone, but he ignored it and bounced up to the branch everyone clung to during the avalanche and sat down looking to the moon. After a bit of silence, minus the howl and cry of the wind, Tigger asked the questions he had been wanting to ask since he found out his friends were impersonating other Tigger's. \"Where do I come from? Where do Tigger's come from?\" He had heard Owl and Christopher Robin talking and asking the same questions. ' Well, Tigger has a mum, and a dad somewhere otherwise he wouldn't be here. We all have mum and dad. Or so I'm told.' The boy had said, but that didn't really answer Tigger's question. Tigger tried to remember back to that night he first came to the Woods, minus the hunny – Tigger's do not like hunny. The problem was, he knew he wasn't originally from here, but he couldn't remember the here he came from to start with. Just that he felt had hit his rubber topped head on something. He woke up by the tree he made into his own house, with nothing around him except that necklace thingy he gave to Roo. Sighing Tigger decided to sing his song to cheer himself up. ' The wonderful thing about Tiggers Is Tiggers are wonderful things, their tops are made outta rubber Their bottoms are made out of springs They're bouncy trouncy flouncy pouncy Fun fun fun fun fun But the wonderful thing about Tiggers is... I'm the only one The wonderful thing about Tiggers Is Tiggers are wonderful chaps They're loaded with vim and with vigor They love to leap into your laps They're jumpy bumpy clumpy thumpy Fun fun fun fun fun But the most wonderful thing about Tiggers is I'm the only one. Tiggers are cuddly fellas Tiggers are awfully sweet Everyone else is just jealous That why I repeat and repeat The wonderful thing about Tiggers Is Tiggers are wonderful things, their tops are made outta rubber Their bottoms are made out of springs They're bouncy trouncy flouncy pouncy Fun fun fun fun fun But the most wonderful thing about Tiggers is... I'm the only one.' Sighing Tigger curled up in the snow sniffing and rubbing a few tears away. Tiggers were not meant to cry. \"Tigger!\" someone called out his name, making the stripy cat look up and over his shoulder. It was Kanga coming to see him. Quickly getting rid of evidence of tears, Tigger bounced down. \"Hideeho, Mrs Kanga Ma'am, out for a late night bounce too?\" Tigger asked addressing her as he always did bowing as well. \"Actually Tigger dear,\" Kanga began pulling a scaref from her pouch and wrapping it around Tigger's neck \"I was looking for you. Roo and I thought you might want to spend the night with us at our home.\" \"Oh gawsh that's mighty nice of ya, but, I'm alright,\" Tigger said looking up at the tree again. \"Tigger, it is freezing cold out here,\" Kanga said trying to get him to see reason \"I know you like to show you're big and though and that you can handle it. But perhaps just for tonight, come into the warmth of a friendly home.\" \"Oh... Ok...\" Tigger said nodding following Kanga back to her house. \"Roo should be in bed but he's probably waiting by the fire for you, dear,\" Kanga said opening the door. Sure enough there was Roo, by the fire, but curled up asleep. \"If it's alright with you Kanga, may I sleep with Roo here?\" Tigger asked after he shut the door and before Kanga reached for Roo. \"Of course, dear, you can sleep wherever you like. Let me get you a couple of blankets.\" Quietly Tigger got onto the floor next to Roo curling his tail around the little joey and bringing him closer. \"Here you go Tigger,\" Kanga said coming back with a pillow and a blanket laying over them \"My room is upstairs if you need me. Goodnight,\" she said kissing Tigger on the head. \"Night, Kanga,\" he said quietly. Tigger took a while to go to sleep because he was thinking to himself, returning to his question earlier on where did he come from? In the end, he thought, along with a small yawn from Roo making him snuggle closer to the feline, that it didn't really matter where he came from. Just that he knew where he was now, and that had such good friends as the ones he had. All living here, in the Hundred Acre Wood. ","Summary":" AN: I purposely miss-spelt some of the words because that's how they are spelt in Winnie-The-Pooh T"},{"Movie":"Winnie the Pooh","Title":"Pooh's Grand Adventure - Extended Ending","Author":"ANW2004","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13063951","Passage":"[Chapter 1] (Extended Part, Dusk) Christopher Robin: \"Pooh, That's Expected To Us\" Pooh: \"What They Say. They Are True\" Christopher Robin: \"That Was True\" Pooh: \"Oh When I up, down and touch the ground It puts me in the mood, Up, down and touch the ground In the mood for food I am stout, round and I have found Speaking poundage wise I improve my appetite When I exercise I am short, fat and proud of that And so, with all my might I up, down and up, down to My appetite's delight\" Christopher Robin: \"That's Silly, Pooh Bear\" Meanwhile, The Sunset Begins. Pooh: \"Christopher, How Did We Get There?\" Christopher Robin: \"I'm Out\" Pooh: \"That's Know It\" Christopher Robin: \"That's For Sure\" Pooh: \"Okay\" (Extended Part) Christopher Robin: \"Well, I went there to learn things\" Pooh: \"We Learn Things Here\" Christopher Robin: \"I mean things like... where the sun goes at night. And how words are spelled. And how they're not.\" Pooh: \"Oh, Rabbit will be so proud.\" Christopher Robin: \"It's rather fun, really, in a different sort of way. It was scary at first, but then I remembered how brave Piglet can be. And that helped. And sometimes I didn't think I'd have the strength to go on. Then I thought of Tigger. And once I found myself feeling very much alone. That Wrath Looked Familiar And It Can Be\" Pooh: \"What did you do then?\" Christopher Robin: \"I thought of you, Pooh\" Pooh: \"It's what I would've done now\" Christopher Robin: \"Pooh-Bear? I'm told that... tomorrow I'll be... going again.\" Pooh: \"Again?! Oh. Shall I find you again?\" Christopher Robin: \"No, I'm going to school. I'll be back as long as you're here. Promise me you'll be here always? Even when I'm 100?\" Pooh: \"How old shall I be then?\" Christopher Robin: \"99\" Pooh: \"I promise\" Christopher Robin: \"Forever and ever?\" Pooh: \"Yes, Christopher Robin. Forever and ever.\" The Zooming Out Part When It Goes. And so it is here we shall leave them. And here we shall find them again. For the boy and the bear will always be together, in this remarkable place called the Hundred Acre Wood. Then, The Night Extends The Straight Part. The Tree. Boy And Bear. and The Hill. (Extended Part) The Sun Rises Up In The Morning. Pooh And Christopher Robin Walked In To The New Adventure. Christopher Robin and Pooh Kept Moving When They're Brushing Their Heads. They Walked Into The Forest. (Then It Goes Up To End Credits) ","Summary":" (Extended Part, Dusk) Christopher Robin: \"Pooh, That's Expected To Us\" Pooh: \"What They Say. The"},{"Movie":"Winnie the Pooh","Title":"everything wrong with Winnie the Poohs grand adventure","Author":"Galactic Empire6798","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12738669","Passage":"[Chapter 1] everything wrong with poohs grand adventure. show words that say \"on the last day of summer\"*. me:i just started the movie and already it just show what the day is, goodness that went quick but what the year?.1 pooh and Christopher robin meet at a tree then they fall over an edge*. me:convenient edge,also that kid hit his head first as they were falling,yet nothing hurts him.1 Christopher robin(sad tone):pooh,theres something i need to tell you.* pooh(who is now distracted by a butterfly)is it something nice?.* Christopher robin:not exactly*. pooh:then it can wait.* me:what the heck pooh! he's just trying tell you something,man pooh is not a good friend,am i right lads or am i right. lad:you are right lad.1 Christopher and pooh are now running away from bees and get on a raft near the lake*. me:convenient raft near lake.1. me:also how come the bees stop chasing them when there on the raft,they can just fly over the lake.1 Christopher robin and pooh are back at the tree and pooh falls asleep,later pooh is in bed dressed and asleep.* me: did Christopher robin carry him to bed all the way from the tree,i mean that guy is fat ,he even dressed him.1 pooh wakes up and gets dressed then he jumps into a pile of leaves but lands on jar.* me: he landed on butt,how did he not get hurt,i mean,i know were already 9 minutes into the story,come on.1 pooh,then comes to the tree he was at yesterday.* pooh: Christopher robin?* me: yesterday you were waiting for him,why care now.1 pooh goes to piglets house and piglet is on top of his tree.* pooh:piglet,why are you up there.* piglet:christopher robin told me to conquer my fear.* me:when!.1 sins:9 total sins:9 ","Summary":" everything wrong with poohs grand adventure. show words that say \"on the last day of summer\"*. me"},{"Movie":"Winnie the Pooh","Title":"Una pijamada muy melosa","Author":"xXPetitSweetieBillyXx","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12706590","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Era un día de otoño en el Bosque de los 100 Acres, el viento soplaba muy fuerte y estaba tan nublado que los rayos del Sol no podían penetrar la espesura de las muy pesadas nubes, parecía que iba a llover. El pequeño puerquito rosado se sentía muy presionado, le daba mucho miedo los dias lluviosos, no soportaria dormir solo, pero no quería ser molestia para otra persona. \"Tigger no ne dejaría dormir por sus saltos, la casa de Igor se caería en pedazos, molestaría muy rápido a Conejo...\" No tenia ningún otro candidato, o al menos eso pensaba \"Tal vez oso Pooh no se molestaría, pero... seria muy descortés de mi parte buscarlo solo por eso\" Se quedo pensando si es que realmente era lo correcto buscarlo. Al final se quedo sin ideas y se convenció a si mismo para ir a la casa del osito tontito, pero no sin antes ponerse su bufanda morada. En el camino, muchas hojas secas se le atravesaban y estampaban en su pequeño cuerpo. Deseaba que ninguna de esas hojas se lo llevara lejos de su meta, así que se apresuro para poder llegar a donde Pooh se encontraba. Al estar frente a aquella puerta, había empezado a dudar de su desicion, pero sin mas preámbulos toco la campanilla que había ahí. Después de unos cuantos segundos, la puerta fue abierta y se vio a la vista al oso con sus \"manos\" pegajosas. -Oh, hola Piglet, estaba a punto de ir a tu casa, pero veo que ya estas aquí- dijo el osito mientras soltaba una risa muy dulce -Emm, h-hola osito Pooh- saludo nervioso mientras jugaba con su bufanda -Uh, ¿que tal Piglet?- -Este, venia para preguntarte...- miro hacia otro lado por la pena que sentía al buscarlo solo por eso. -¿...P-podría quedarme contigo a dormir esta noche...?- El oso tonto lo miro dulcemente mientras pasaba su brazo alrededor del pequeño puerquito. -Claro que puedes- dijo mientras le sonreía y le daba pequeñas palmaditas, pero como sus manos estaban pegajosas, se le quedo pegada al pequeño cerdito rosado. -Ups... lo lamento- dijo Pooh mientras despegaba a Piglet de su pata. Esa misma noche... En toda la tarde encontraron el como desperdiciar el tiempo con juegos demasiado infantiles, pero sin duda se divirtieron mucho. Piglet ya se sentía cansado, empezó a frotar sus pequeños ojos mientras comenzaba a bostezar cada vez mas seguido. -Oh Pooh- dijo - me he divertido mucho contigo pero...ya no tengo ganas de jugar...- -Tienes razón, yo también me estoy empezando a sentir cansado...- respondió -Uh...¿Pooh?- -¿Si Piglet?- -¿D-Donde dormiremos?- -Pues en mi cama obviamente- -P-pero...¿los dos juntos?- Sus mejillas se tornaron mas rosadas de lo normal en solo pensar en eso, sin dudas seria muy penoso. -Hhhmmmm...piensa, piensa, piensa- su pequeño cerebro estaba empezando a echar humo, hasta que se le ocurrió una idea muy sencilla- Como tu eres el, huh, invitado, supongo que tu dormirás en mi cama, yo podría dormir en ese sofá de allá- dijo mientras señalaba un sofá azul con flores imprentas en el. -Uh...- el puerquito miro así abajo por la pena, Pooh no iba a poder dormir en su cama por su culpa. -No te preocupes,- dijo el oso mientras le daba unas cuantas palmaditas en su pequeña y débil espalda -a mi no me molesta- le dio una pequeña sonrisa para intentar reconfortarlo. Piglet sin nada mas que decir se fue a la cama de Pooh en completo silencio, con mucho esfuerzo, logro subirse y se recostó. \"Eso que dije fue muy tonto\" pensó, mientras intentaba acomodarse en su posición perfecta. Finalmente. Habia terminado hecho bolita entre las cobijas que olían a aquel oso de poco cerebro.El olor y la calidez de aquella cama lo hizo dormir profundamente. Soño se encontraba pacíficamente en su casa, un día como cualquier otro. Ya era la hora de dormir, por lo que se estaba preparando. Se encontraba en su tan pequeña y cómoda cama, listo para descansar, hasta que... ¡Brooom Troom! Parecía que una tormenta se acercaba, y demasiado rapido. ¡Flooosh! Chorros y chorros de agua salieron de sus ventanas, inundando todo a su paso. -¡Oh no!- dijo completamente despavorido -¡No otra vez! No tenia escapatoria, el nivel del agua era tan alto que estaba apunto de ahogarlo ¿Este seria su final?¿Su destino?¿Morir ahogado? Un enorme grito se escapo de sus labios. Despertó con lagrimas en los ojos mientras temblaba. No paraba de hiperventilar, mientras miraba a su alrededor. No supo que otra cosa hacer mas que llorar. Tapo su cara con sus pequeñas manos y comenzó a sollozar. Mientras tanto, con Pooh, aquel alarido de temor lo despertó, realmente no sabia que había pasado, por lo que se levanto y fue a ver a Piglet. Se sorprendió bastante verlo así. No era raro verlo asustado, pero... sin dudas, eso era mas que estar asustado. El osito bobito se acerco y se sentó ala orilla de la cama. El contrario no se dio cuenta de su existencia, hasta que Pooh lo abrazo, lo recargo en su gordo pecho mientras respiraba de forma lenta. -Ya, ya, tranquilo...- dijo - todo va estar bien, no hay de que preocuparse...- El puerquito se exalto por la acción del oso, pero se sentía tan cómodo así, quería que ese momento durase para siempre, por lo que se recargo y empezó a secarse las lagrimas. La respiración del contrario era tan lenta y suave que se quedo dormido en sus brazos. Pooh, para no irrumpir los dulces sueños del menor, decidió dormir junto con el, así que se arropo, y lo abrazo, y desde ahí los dos se durmieron bastante rápido. A la mañana siguiente... Piglet fu el primero en despertar, no recordó que había ocurrido en esa noche, hasta que sintió la respiración de algo enorme. Al principio se asusto, pero solo se dio cuenta que era Pooh. -Ah si- dijo mientras iba a volver a dormir, -Un momento...¿Pooh? Se dio la vuelta para comprobar si era realmente el, y si, lo era. Sus mejillas se tornaron rojas al ver en la posición en la que se encontraban, aunque simplemente estaban abrazados. No sabia que hacer, así que, solamente se quedo quieto ahí mientras empezaba a hacer memoria de el por que estaban entrelazados. Recordó finalmente aquella terrible pesadilla, que de tan solo imaginarla le daba escalofríos. \"Un momento, eso quiere decir que... ¿el vino aquí solo para...hacerme sentir bien?\" Dirijio su mirada hacia el oso, el cual todavía seguía dormido. \"Eso fue realmente...lindo\" pensó. Sonrió y se le volvió a repegar en su pancita mientras volvía a recobrar su sueño. ","Summary":" Era un día de otoño en el Bosque de los 100 Acres, el viento soplaba muy fuerte y estaba tan nublad"},{"Movie":"Winnie the Pooh","Title":"A New Beginning","Author":"Dr. Phoenix","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12206812","Passage":"[Chapter 1] When Pooh awoke, he felt as if he had never slept so long. His first thought, of course, was to find something to eat, but cobwebs and dust coated every jar of honey on his shelves. \"Oh, bother!\" he muttered. \"Well, perhaps I could join Piglet for lunch.\" On his way to Piglet's house, Pooh noticed a new creature, something that looked a bit like him, but this bear was white and had a bow in her hair. \"Delighted to make your acquaintance,\" she greeted. \"My name is Lady Mary. Do you know where I can get some tea?\" \"I'm not sure we have any tea in the Hundred Acre Wood,\" Pooh answered, \"but you can come with me to find some honey!\" \"Would you mind terribly if I invited Lady Jane?\" Before Pooh could answer, a very unusual animal walked over and stood beside Lady Mary. This creature looked like a human, if humans had fur and long tails, that is. Lady Jane wore a dress and carried a basket. \"You must be Christopher Robin's friend.\" Lady Jane smiled. \"Were you dead too?\" Pooh frowned. Being a bear of very little brain, he was puzzled. \"From what we can tell, Christopher Robin got too old to believe in you, so the Hundred Acre Wood and all those in it ceased to exist. It's like what happened to us when Betty Lou grew up. We're all in the same place now because Betty Lou and Christopher Robin were married, and since we're alive now, there must be someone who believes in us again.\" As Betty Lou's childhood friends and the residents of the Hundred Acre Wood tried to piece together this unusual situation, Christopher Robin rocked the baby in his arms. \"When I was a boy,\" he began for yet another story, \"my best friend was a bear named Winnie the Pooh…\" ","Summary":" When Pooh awoke, he felt as if he had never slept so long. His first thought, of course, was to fin"},{"Movie":"Winnie the Pooh","Title":"Pooh","Author":"EndiSapphire","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11355387","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Pooh was at the bar drinking out all of his problems. He had no idea what to do anymore. Pooh had a drug addicted boyfriend name Christopher Robin and Pooh had a suspicion that his Robin-boo is cheating on him with another guy... Pooh paid for all of his drinks and slowly walked out of the bar looking down at his feet. Pooh gasped as he seen his car being towed away, he then started to walk home instead. Pooh was a little scared walking home as he recently heard on the news that people of all ages have been going missing. Once Pooh got home he heard a bunch of erotic noises coming from upstairs, Pooh went to go check it out and found Christopher Robin having sex with another guy.. Pooh slowly backed up and walked down the stairs. Pooh started to trash the whole house. He threw down bookshelves, broke TVs, snapped DVDs and games, dishes, etc. Pooh was pissed off. Once Pooh was done with the first floor he went to the basement to trash down there too. Pooh started to trash the basement when he knocked down a bookshelf there was a secret door behind it. Pooh examined the door and thought \"Why the fuck not? He must keep his values in here.\" Pooh opened the door and was shocked. All the people who have been recently abducted were in there chained up to the walls. Pooh fell onto his knees and looked down and thought to himself \"Not only have I been dating a drug addicted asshole, he's a kidnapper too...\" Pooh got startled by the scream of Christopher Robin. Pooh only knew how much time he had left to hide. Pooh looked everywhere but the only place he had a chance was in the room with the abducted people. Pooh hid behind boxes of torture toys. He heard Christopher Robin march down the stairs as he screamed furiously. Christopher Robin looked at the door and then started laughing \"You're still here, aren't you?\" Pooh eyes shot wide open as Christopher Robin knew he was still here, maybe if Pooh stays quiet and is hidden well Christopher Robin will not find him. Christopher entered the room full of abducted people and started to walk around looking for the person who trashed his house \"Come out, Come out wherever you are.\" as he had a huge evil grin on his face. Pooh couldn't stop hyperventilating and that is when Christopher Robin had finally found Pooh. \"It's over.\" Pooh thought. Christopher Robin slowly walked towards Pooh and when he was close enough he grabbed onto Pooh's neck and threw him up. Christopher went up to Pooh's ear and whispered \"I never loved you, I only used you as a sex toy..\" He started to go into hysterical laughter as Pooh started sobbing as Christopher Robin held up his fist and knocked Pooh unconscious. Author notes: There will be more sequels to come, I have no idea when but they will be up one day. I will not be very active but it'd be really nice if you would tell me your thoughts on this story and what I need to improve on, thank you. :^) ","Summary":" Pooh was at the bar drinking out all of his problems. He had no idea what to do anymore. Pooh had a"},{"Movie":"Winnie the Pooh","Title":"A Bounce in My Heart","Author":"Winter Winks 221","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12650039","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Roo awoke one morning with an odd feeling in his throat- like a tickly kind of feeling. He decided to see if some breakfast would help, so he bounced out of bed and went downstairs to go and get something to eat, and see his beloved mother as well. \"Good morning Roo!\" His mother Kanga greeted him kindly as she laid out bowls of porridge for herself and for Roo- not to mention some malt for Tigger, who often came by to join them for breakfast. Plus, he had promised Roo that they would go and bounce today, and Roo was very keen to go bouncing with his best friend. \"Morning mama- has Tigger\"- but Roo was cut off by a cough erupting from his mouth before he could contain it. \"Oh dear- Roo, are you feeling alright?\" Kanga asked in concern, bouncing over to check his temperature with the back of her hand. She was worried when she felt warmth radiating from her little boy. But Roo was reluctant to admit he was sick. \"I'm fine mama- has Tigger come by yet?\" He asked eagerly, wriggling to get away from her hand and smiling up at her. Kanga noticed he wasn't as bouncy as he usually was in the mornings, and folded her arms. \"Well, he did earlier, but you were still asleep, dear. So I told him to come back in an hour-\" With that, a knock was heard on the door. \"Come in!\" Kanga called. The door opened, and Tigger walked in. \"Hello Mrs Kanga -hello Roo! Are you ready to bounce?\" He asked eagerly, bouncing up and down excitedly at the thought of doing his favourite thing with one of his favourite friends. \"Yeah -I sure am!\" Roo cheered and he began to bounce, but he began coughing again, so he had no choice but to stop, causing both Kanga and Tigger to look on worriedly. Poor Tigger in particular looked rather upset. \"Are you alright, Roo?\" He asked. \"I think he's developing a cough.\" Kanga noted. \"I'm sorry Tigger- but I think that Roo should stay indoors today.\" \"Stay indoors! But is not what bouncers do best!\" He protested- but he didn't want his little friend getting worse, so he reluctantly nodded. \"Don't worry, Tigger- he'll be back to bouncing in no time,\" Said Kanga kindly. Roo was upset he couldn't go outside today and play with Tigger- especially since this was the second time in the day his stripy friend had turned up for him for nothing. \"I'm sorry Tigger.\" He said sadly, ears drooping. \"No worries Roo -why, I have the greatest story on the greatest most bouncescietious bounce I ever bounced!\" Tigger perked up, deciding if Roo couldn't bounce, he himself wouldn't bounce today- just today. \"Tell me tell me!\" Roo pleaded. \"Alright- hoo hoo hoo!\" Tigger chuckled. \"It all started when Pooh boy told me all about his favourite honey tree...\" And as Tigger rambled on about how he had attempted to jump the honey tree Pooh got stuck in after his escapade in Rabbit's door, Kanga smiled. She was glad that her son had a friend like Tigger- one that could encourage him to bounce not only with heart, but to bounce in the heart too. ","Summary":" Roo awoke one morning with an odd feeling in his throat- like a tickly kind of feeling. He decided "},{"Movie":"Winnie the Pooh","Title":"One Home, Two Hearts","Author":"Winter Winks 221","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12638180","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Piglets are well known for being cautious and careful animals, due to their size and easily scared personalities. This one at Mr. Sanders, 100 Acre Wood, was no different, for he was regarding his unfamiliar surroundings with his very familiar fear. \"Where am I? Oh d-d-dear, I'm not home- in fact this looks like-\" Oh- he realised he was living with Pooh now. He remembered the events of yesterday, following the Great Flood of 100 Acre Wood. Piglet let out another shaky sigh- but his shoulders drooped as he did so, and his ears joined them. Of course, it was wonderful that Pooh was allowing him to stay here with him- and he was very grateful to have a roof over his head and a kind friend to live with- but he did feel awfully homesick. He wanted to talk to someone- preferably Pooh. So he looked over at the bed he had occupied moments before- and saw that that Pooh was still fast asleep. \"Pooh Bear, are you awake?\" He asked, shaking his best friend's shoulder softly. Pooh made a soft, unintentional growl at being roused- but Piglet felt a tiny bit better on seeing his best friend's eyes flicker open. \"...Piglet?\" The yellow bear asked sleepily, sitting up whilst rubbing his eyes. But seeing his best friend standing beside the bed, looking very sad, worried Pooh a great deal, for although he was a bear of little brain, he was also a bear with a very big heart. \"What's wrong, Piglet?\" Pooh asked in concern, looking at Piglet. \"Oh Pooh, I'm feeling sad.\" The tiny pink pig confessed, averting Pooh's gaze, and instead focusing on the floor. \"Why, Piglet?\" Pooh asked softly, unable to think of a reason for his best friend to be sad. \"It's not that I don't like being here with you,\" Began Piglet in an assuring tone. \"It's just…. I miss my home so much.\" He sniffed, allowing a few tears to fall from his eyes. \"Well, I'm sure your home is missing you, too.\" Pooh replied, putting an arm around his small friend and pulling him close comfortingly. Piglet felt a little better that he had his best friend nearby, though he was still very sad that he might never live in his beloved home again. \"Pooh?\" He asked, tentatively. \"Yes Piglet?\" \"Will I stay with you forever?\" That was when Pooh remembered something. Christopher Robin had told him this earlier, and he was meant to pass it onto Piglet- but being the famed 'bear with very little brain'- he'd forgotten about it. \"You'll be staying with me for a small forever, Piglet.\" He said comfortingly, taking Piglet's hand and patting it gently to try and console his small, pink friend. What do you mean?\" The petite pig asked, looking up at his best friend curiously. His head tilted to one side, and his ears flopped ever so slightly at an angle. \"Christopher Robin said that he's going to fix up Owl's house so that he can move back in and you could go home!\" He smiled. \"Oh that sounds wonderful! I'll never regret giving up my home up to Owl, but going without it for a very large forever is very scary for a small and timid animal.\" Piglet confided. Pooh understood this- Piglets were gentle, kind and surprisingly clever animals- but were also very timid and preferred the comfort of home to constant adventure. \"At least it's only a small one.\" He smiled at Piglet, who now found it within himself to smile back. \"And now if you'll excuse me, Piglet, I believe my tummy wants a small smackerel now that I'm awake.\" \"Try not to stay up too long, Pooh.\" Piglet replied with a chuckle, for he knew those words were futile- his best friend's appetite was massive! As Piglet lay back on the pillow, he saw a beautiful star shining through the window. He made a wish upon it that, someday, if it was at all possible, he could go back to his beloved beech tree home. But when Pooh went to bed about 20 minutes later and fell fast asleep with his arms wrapped protectively round the baby pig, he decided that he wouldn't give up being here with his best friend right now- even if he could go home. And so, he fell asleep again with his arms round the yellow bear's chest, a broad smile on his face-for he was with his best friend, Winnie the Pooh. ","Summary":" Piglets are well known for being cautious and careful animals, due to their size and easily scared "},{"Movie":"Winnie the Pooh","Title":"Tickle Fight in the Hundred Acre Wood","Author":"newbienovelistRD","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12463049","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Here is guestsurprise's first Winnie the Pooh story! Be nice and no flames please! Piglet was currently running from Kanga and Roo. He had just gotten covered from head to toe in paint from helping them paint their house and they wanted him to stay for dinner and Kanga said she was going to give him another bath! Dinner sounded great, but the bath only reminded him of the scrub he got last time. \"No! I remember the last bath you gave me!\" Piglet squeaked. \"Come back here!\" Kanga laughed, now hopping faster and almost grabbing him. \"K-K-K-K-Kanga! Roo! Please!\" Piglet begged. \"Not until we clean you up a bit,\" Kanga smiled, now pouncing on him and gently picking him up. \"Can I go and play with Tigger a bit?\" Roo asked happily now that she caught Piglet. \"Yes Roo dear; I have him.\" Kanga grinned, now picking up Piglet and taking him back to her tree. \"P-P-P-P-P-P-Please!\" Piglet squirmed. \"Now calm down there Piglet. I'm not going to cook you or try and eat you.\" She giggled, now taking him back into her tree and gently tossing him in some warm water. After a few moments, Kanga was scrubbing him all clean. \"G-Gosh. Glad that's over,\" Piglet giggled, still feeling the water drying off. \"Well we couldn't let you leave covered in paint.\" Kanga smiled. \"Thanks Kanga, b-b-but I was just happy to help.\" \"And you did a great job. We painted the entire house.\" Kanga grinned, now playfully poking Piglet in his stomach. \"Heeheeheehee,\" He giggled. \"Why Piglet are you ticklish?\" She smiled, now arching a playful eyebrow. \"W-What?!\" \"I think you are,\" She sing songed, now beginning to playfully tickle Piglet all over his tummy. \"AHAHAHAHAHAA KAHAHAHAHAHNGA!\" Piglet squeaked in joy. \"What is it Piglet?\" She grinned, now bending down and gently blowing raspberries in his stomach. \"AHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHA THAHAHAHAT TICKLES!\" He laughed. \"I am so happy to know you're ticklish! Now I know how to cheer you up more in the future.\" Kanga grinned in pure mirth. She enjoyed playing around with Piglet; he was truly a good friend to everyone in the hundred acre wood! \"PLEAAHHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH S-S-S-S-S-S-S-Staahahahahhahahaap!\" He laughed, now falling on his back. \"I've got you! I've got you!\" She teased playfully, now picking him up and holding him carefully. After a few moments, he began to breathe normally again and smiled at Kanga. \"Are you alright?\" She asked. \"Y-Yes. B-But I better be going now because I h-have to finish painting my house too.\" Piglet said. \"Well why don't we help you! You after all helped us! Then we can have a picnic dinner with Roo and the others!\" \"O-Ok! Thank you Kanga!\" Piglet smiled, now giving her a gentle hug around her neck and she cuddled him. They may have been different, but great and wonderful friends come in all shapes and sizes. guestsurprise: I've been in fluffy mood. Hope you all liked the quick one-shot. ;) ","Summary":" Here is guestsurprise's first Winnie the Pooh story! Be nice and no flames please! Piglet was curre"},{"Movie":"Pirates! Band of Misfits","Title":"Little White Lies","Author":"LostLyra","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8170853","Passage":"[Chapter 1] So I've already put this on Deviantart and it's gotten a surprising response! It's Scraftain, and I feel like I haven't written anything good on for ages... Hope you enjoy and please fave and leave a review if you like it! Thanks, LostLyra. The sun was sinking low over the calm sea on this particular Friday evening. Gulls cawed up above as they floated aimlessly on the updraughts of the cool rising air. There was a cool sea breeze that swirled out of the dock and onto the sea, agitating the almost still blue water, and disturbing the sun baked pavement from earlier in the day. Ships creaked gently in their docks as the wind teased the tall wooden masts. None of this really bothered a young man, who was sitting at the bow of his anchored ship, leaning against wheel as he sat painting the dying sun. Pirates tended to keep their hobbies to themselves (unless it was raising a good sea shanty) - but if it was painting and poetry - these were generally frowned upon in the larger community. Sighing the young man ran a hand underneath his hat and through his rowan locks. At times like these the would sit and sometimes contemplate at how different his life would have been if he hadn't become a pirate in the first place; but then he would stop and think about the plundering, the shanties, the running people through... the ham. He smiled and shook his head. The young family that he'd left behind never really entered his thoughts - but that was because he never let them. He was a pirate and a pirate's life was good enough for him. The artist dipped his brush gingerly into the water and wiped it clean on his trousers before applying another coat of colour. The water colours themselves were starting to run out, they had been a gift from his youngest sister many years ago, and were the only thing he had kept as a memory of the previous life he'd escaped from. Suddenly there were footsteps that sounded behind him, the elderly wood of their beloved boat creaking under the strain of the weight and giving them away. Although these footsteps were far to light for any man. \"That you Pirate with a Scarf?\" a gruff voice asked. \"Oh hello Curvaceous,\" he replied smoothly, not bothering to hide away his talents from this particular pirate. \"If that's how you're gonna play it,\" the man behind him replied. Ignoring his fellow crew mate he carried on perfecting his painting, shuffling over to let 'him' sit in the vacant spot. They shared a comfortable silence as the sun started casting its amber glow gently across the ocean, caressing the white horses as they tumbled and danced amongst the blue water. Dusk began to chase away the light the Pirate with a Scarf finished of his painting, finishing it off with a flourish of his signature, he placed it on the cool deck to dry and cleaned his brush before putting his paints away. The air cooled dramatically as the night fell, and he brought his coat tighter around him. There was a flicker of warmth next to his thigh as Curvaceous lit a lamp, and Pirate with a Scarf watched it as it's artificial light playfully teased away the darkness. They sat there for what seemed like hours, until the candle in the lamp started to die down, and the yellow light started to fade with increasing certainty. Glancing towards his fellow crew member he saw 'him' take out what looked like a flask and two mugs, before poring a steaming liquid into both cups, and handing one to him. \"Thanks,\" Scarf replied as the heat through the mug starting warming his hands. \"Hot chocolate, thought you might like some,\" came the gruff answer from his companion. \"You read my mind,\" he nudged 'him' gently. \"You know I know,\" \"'Bout what?\" the blond looked at the brunette, the blue eyes sparkling in the half light. He gave Surprisingly Curvaceous Pirate a pointed look, before glancing out towards the darkening sea. \"About the whole disguise. I may be a man; and a pirate. But I'm not as dense as the rest of them,\" Sighing Curvaceous drew her knees up to her chest and sipped her coco from her mug. \"Look just don't tell them all right?\" \"What me?\" the Pirate with a Scarf grinned. \"Never, besides, the Captain thought I was the girl, so you've done a good job at thwarting them so far,\" Curvaceous grinned at him, \"But you paint,\" \"Touché,\" he took another sip of the hot beverage, \"You don't tell them about my painting and I won't tell them about the whole woman thing,\" he was smirking at her over the rim of his cup. Laughing the blond smiled, \"Thanks Scarf,\" \"Hey, it's what I'm here for, but why aren't you in the pub with the rest?\" \"I, like you, didn't want to hear any more of Gouts sea shanty's. I've had enough of them for now,\" As if on cue the door of the Barnacle's Face opened, the yellow candle light spilling out onto the worn pavement. Loud drunken bellowing could be heard from inside the pub and a small slim figure could be seen making a beeline for the old ship. \"Two doubloons that it's Albino,\" Grinning Curvaceous nodded. \"Deal,\" they watched as the stars started coming out in their full glory, the only true betrayal to their location. Pirate with a Scarf looked at them and mentally sighed, this was why he'd hated London Town, with all the air and light pollution he could never see the stars probably. Once again the old ships stairs creaked as light footsteps bounded up the steps from the quarterdeck to the poop deck. \"Hey guys, whatcha doin' up here?\" the pair grinned at each other as the youngest crew member made his presence known. Pirate with a Scarf snatched up his sketch book and slipped it into his coat. \"Not being in the pub,\" Surprisingly Curvaceous Pirate replied, her voice going back into it's usual gruffness, but smiling fondly at the youngest pirate all the same. Albino Pirate – aptly named by his crew mates – had blood red eyes and bleached blond hair, his alabaster skin was tinted rosy red from sunburn and freckles adorned his nose. This appearance was ignored by his crew who loved him for his playful nature and his adorableness. Although this came with a price, he could be extremely tactless when he wasn't careful. \"I know Gouts singin' is awful – sounds like when Grandma used to scratch her fingers down the cupboard door- don't tell him though,\" he plopped himself down on the rail that lined the poop deck at the stern of the ship. The young pirate swung his legs back and forth banging rhythmically against the wood. \"Party not good enough?\" Pirate with a Scarf craned his neck so he could talk to the alabaster coloured boy. The lad shrugged his shoulder, \"The Pirate Captain was getting into a drinking game with Peg Leg Hastings,\" he paused. \"It was getting pretty heavy in there and I know he only listens to you whens he's off his head drunk,\" Pirate with a Scarf let out a groan of annoyance and embarrassment. They were supposed to take sail in the morning so they could catch the outward tide, but they all knew what it was like dealing with a hung over Pirate Captain (and it was normally his faithful quartermaster that had to deal with him), it was like trying to tame a angered lion when the Captain was recovering from a night of drinking. Sighing he pulled himself upright, and cracked his neck before he stretched. By now it must have gone past midnight with the moon was high in the sky, and had already started it's slow decent back into the horizon. Albino eagerly took the half drunken cup of coco from his hands and took a sip, his eyes fluttering shut in pleasure. He knew that Curvaceous would bring his paints back to his hammock with much more discretion then Albino would. \"Right lads, I'd better go and collect the remainder of our crew and Captain, wish me luck,\" As he suspected the pub was filled to the brim with drunken pirates – at least the sea shanties had stopped (for now anyway) – even though every pirate was probably off their head drunk it was quite a casual and friendly place to be. The warm atmosphere and the flickering candle light made the Barnacle's Head look like any other dockside pub. As Pirate with a Scarf walked into the crowded one room building he saw that a large sea of pirates had concentrated in the middle of the room, and they were cheering something on. Intrigued the Pirate with a Scarf made his way towards the bar – which was surprisingly empty and casually leaned against the wood. The elderly bar keeper ignored him as he went to ring the bell situated for signalling last orders. \"Last orders up!\" there was a surrounding groans from the rest of the pirates. \"Hey I need sleep too!\" the bar keeper replied as stragglers came forwards for their last pint. \"Where's the Pirate Captain?\" he asked the bar keeper as the man dealt with the flood of last orders. The elderly barman's eyes flicked over to the large cheering crowd in the middle of the room. Following his eyes the Pirate with a Scarf saw the rest of his crew (most of them with tankards), cheering something on, with his keen eyes he saw Polly perched on the Pirate with Gout's shoulder. Groaning silently as he realised what was happening - Albino Pirate hadn't been wrong when he was talking about a drinking contest - shouldering his way through the crowd he met up with his misfit of a crew. Only to sigh when he saw the sight in front of him. The Pirate Captain was in a battle with Peg Leg Hastings – although it wasn't a battle of wits – it was much more a battle of who could hold their alcohol longest. \"The last tankered!\" the crowd let out a cheer as the feminine voice sounded over the bar. \"Number thirty-one, both are drawn at thirty!\" \"Go on Captain!\" the Pirate who had a Hook where his Hand should Be hollered waving his hook in the air. \"Don't encourage him!\" Pirate with a Scarf scolded, though it fell on deaf ears. \"Drink, drink, drink!\" the rest of the pirates that surrounded the two Captains started to chant, in a on going riff. \"Righ' Peg, thin' yer, can beat meh?\" the Pirate Captain challenged, his words slightly slurring as he received his final tankard for the evening. \"HAH! You'll see you landlubber!\" even though Peg Leg Hasting's was definitely bigger then the Captain in proportion, even he was struggling with the amount that they were consuming. \"Here are the last two tankards!\" the announcer called, and to his surprise he saw Cutlass Liz refereeing the match between the two alcoholics. A supportive roar went up among the other pirates. Sighing the Pirate with a Scarf rolled his eyes at the display of over masculinity at the two sea goers who were putting on the show. The two tankards of ale were placed in front of each pirate, and a hush surrounded the room. \"Avast yourselves boys!\" Cutlass Liz commanded, and the two pirates zoned in on the metal jugs. \"Three, two, one!\" the rest of the crowed cheered as each pirate grabbed their consecutive mug and started to chug. \"The first one to finish wins!\" \"Come on Pirate Captain!\" Pirate with Gout cheered on his leader, and Pirate with a Scarf gave him a pointed look. The crutch laden pirate grinned and shrugged a shoulder. Scarf couldn't help but watch the two (slightly enthralled) about how they could just drink so much in one sitting, but he couldn't help but cheer as the Pirate Captain slammed down his own tankard first and stood (slightly uncertainly) to his feet, arms high in the air in celebration as the crowd around them cheered his victory. Peg Leg finished quickly afterwards and shook his head grinning, standing up to give the Pirate Captain a firm handshake. \"The best drunkard won heh? C'pain?\" Laughing the auburn haired man slung his arm around his fellow pirate. \"Well takesh one to knows one heh Captain?\" a smirk split it his lips and Peg Leg Hastings pushed him away giving him a drunken grin. \"All right boys,\" Cutlass Liz placed a light hand on both their shoulders, before gripping the Pirate Captain's wrist and thrusting it into the air. \"The Pirate Captain wins! Thirty-one to thirty!\" Even though he rolled his eyes at the antics he couldn't help but clap his Captain long with the rest of his crew. After a few minutes things started to die down in the pub as the pirates realised that their entertainment for the evening was gone and the sea of drunken pirates gradually began to disperse. \"All right lads, I think that's enough entertainment for one evening,\" Pirate with a Scarf addressed the remainder of the crew. \"If we're going to get that early tide without sore heads tomorrow we'd better get back to the ship,\" \"Eye-eye C'ptai'\" Pirate with Grout gave his quartermaster a mock salute and grabbed his crutch, ushering the rest out of the pub, sending the lieutenant a pointed look to grab their Captain. Rolling his eyes the Pirate with a Scarf made his way over to the drunken Pirate Captain, who was in a conversation with a smirking Peg Leg Hastings. \"Captain,\" the elder man's eyes focused on him for a second and then a toothy grin split his face. \"Number Two!\" he laughed, pulling the younger man closer and displaying him proudly in front of Hastings. \"This -\" he paused. \"This man here, is the greatest quartermaster that you'll ever see on the high seas ,\" the Pirate with a Scarf couldn't help but feel his ears go slightly pink at the over exuberant praises from his beloved Pirate Captain. \"None better – right Number Two?\" still grinning he pushed the younger man's shoulder good-naturedly (but he almost knocked the Pirate with a Scarf over – being a few inches taller then the younger pirate, and a stronger build – he might not have been the best pirate but he definitely wasn't weak ). \"C'mon Captain we'd better get going, the lads have already made their way to the ship,\" Giving a over the top sigh the Pirate Captain nudged him. \"Fine, I get your point Number Two,\" \"Well a ship can't run without it's C'ptain,\" Hastings grinned. \"Go on, off with ya,\" \"Not catchin' the tide t'morrow the'?\" the Pirate Captain replied intrigued. \"I've got other things to catch up on,\" he winked and titled his head in Cutlass' Liz's direction. \"If you get my drift,\" \"No, I don't think I do,\" \"Oh he will,\" the Pirate with a Scarf grinned at the African man, who smirked knowingly back. \"Come'n Two, though' we wh'r goin',\" the Pirate Captain tugged on the younger pirates arm. \"Where's Polly?\" Giving the Captain a gentle shove towards the door the Pirate with a Scarf replied, \"Grouts got her- she's safe,\" the auburn haired man saluted Peg Leg who grinned and gave him a mock salute back. The two made it out of the door and started the slow inebriated walk back to the boat. The night air was surprisingly warm for this time of year and the cool inward sea breeze stung their faces and blew their hair out from inside their hats. \"Y'know Number Two,\" he glanced at his Captain, smiling slightly as he hoisted the elder man's arm around his shoulder to prevent him from stumbling on the cobbled dock. \"I really did mean what I said in the pub,\" the quartermaster couldn't help the blush that ran up his face and warmed his cold cheeks. He smiled at the Pirate Captain who grinned back. They made it to their ship and the Pirate with a Scarf was grateful that they'd left the Jacobs ladder out on the dock. \"One of these days we're gonna be walkin' down this dock an' I'ma goin' to be sayin' somethin' stupid like I love you Two,\" The Pirate with a Scarf froze and his voice stuck in his throat, he knew that his Captain was drunk, but he didn't realise that he was this drunk. \"No you're not Captain,\" he replied, trying to stop his voice from sticking to the roof of his mouth. \"Totes goin' to be,\" the Pirate Captain nearly stumbled up the Jacobs ladder, but the Pirate with a Scarf had a firm grip on him, the two made their way into the Pirates Captain's Cabin, and the Pirate with a Scarf eased the elder man gently so he was perched on his desk, and quickly set up his hammock. \"Er Number Two,\" there was a muffled voice from behind him. \"Little help?\" the Pirate with a Scarf couldn't help but grin and shake his head when he saw the Pirate Captain struggling with his clothes. His over-garments where already shed but his fingers where struggling with the buttons of his shirt. Moving so he was in front of him the younger pirate easily undid the shirt, not being able to help but blush at the sight of his Captain's chest. \"Like what you see eh?\" the Captain grinned down at him and the younger pirate scowled playfully. \"Seen better,\" he grinned up at the elder man, suddenly his eyes met his Captain's and there was a spark of electricity in the room. \"You've got beautiful eyes Two,\" the Pirate Captain suddenly complemented. \"Look like the sea,\" he paused. \"I look into those and always see the sea – and then I'm home,\" the Pirate with a Scarf looked at him shocked, and broke eye contact, trying to look anywhere but into his Captain's oak brown eyes. \"You think we'll get gold next time?\" the moment was broken and the Captain slipped out of his shirt. \"I think I've got the trousers Number Two,\" he gave him a lopsided grin. \"Ah- er, okay,\" the younger man fumbled with his words, stumbling backwards. \"Two are you all right?\" The Pirate with a Scarf nodded. \"Yeah, I'm fine, you'll be okay now, won't you?\" Rolling his eyes the Pirate Captain smiled. \"I can do stuff myself y'know Number Two,\" \"Yes Captain,\" \"Now off with you,\" he shooed his quartermaster out of the door, \"Unless you want to see the rest of me-\" he paused. \"Actually don't answer that,\" Smiling to himself the Pirate with a Scarf left the room, shaking his head as he went, shutting the door behind him he slumped tiredly against it, pinching the bridge of his nose and letting out a sigh. He cared for the man dearly, but sometimes, just sometimes , he did or said things that really made him think. The light suddenly disappeared from the cabin and the Pirate with a Scarf turned, gently opening the door slightly he saw the Pirate Captain was sleeping peacefully, already out like a light Polly cuddled into his chest (Gout must of dropped her off on the way down to the sleeping quarters in the hull). He shut the door softly, making sure the lock clicked shut, and made his way down to his own cabin in the hull of the ship. \"Hey Scarf?\" it was Albino Pirates quiet voice, came from the large gun deck where the rest of the crew slept. \"Yes Albino Pirate?\" the quartermaster replied, struggling to hold back a yawn. \"Is the Pirate Captain okay?\" The Pirate with a Scarf couldn't help but chuckle. \"Yes he's going to be fine – as you said, he's just a little off his head,\" he paused. \"Is that a lantern Albino Pirate?\" There was a shuffling of pages being ruffled and the younger pirate tried to hide what he was reading. \"No,\" came the whisper. \"Please don't tell the Pirate Captain Scarf! They were just comics that I bought with the last of my doubloons,\" \"You know the code Albino-\" \"I forgot?\" Sighing and rolling his eyes the quartermaster quickly and quietly stepped over the cannon lying on the floor and blew out the flame, before ruffling the youngsters bleach blond hair. \"I won't tell him this time, but next time you might get to meet the Captains Daughter,\" the younger pirate paled (even if it was possible), and tensed, but grinned as he saw the elder pirate smirking playfully in the half light of the hull. \"Thanks Pirate With a Scarf,\" the Albino Pirate yawned and snuggled down into his hammock, his eyes sliding shut. Making sure the rest of the crew were asleep he made his way into his own cabin. Quickly hanging up his own hammock he kicked off his boots and slumped into the cloth, yawning as he pulled off his coat – too tired to even take off his shirt and breaches. Maybe there was hope yet , he thought as he drifted into the deep recesses of sleep. Just maybe. Hopefully y'all like it! I've already got four chapters written up and am working on the fifth. The remainders definitely going to be T rated, but I might have to up it to M. Please review if you feel fit cause I'm still not sure if I've got the characters down. Thanks, LostLyra[Chapter 2] Here it is, the second chapter, the brilliant Deltamimi ( )did some art for chapter 1 which I forgot to mention :/. Here's the link; gallery/#/d51z470 Anyway here's the second chapter, since the DVD is released today I thought that I would upload it on fanfiction as a bit of a release special! :D Please enjoy, LostLyra Morning sunlight assaulted the Pirate Captains closed eyes as he was woken unhappily from the deep alcohol educed sleep from the night of drinking before. Groaning he sat up – and immediately regretted his decision – as the world around him span like a coin on its edge before he collapsed back down onto to his slightly rocking hammock. The Captain swallowed and threw his arm over his deep brown eyes to block out the offending sunlight. His hangover was one that was attacking with a avenged fury of too much liquor, and the resulting headache was so bad the Pirate Captain felt like it was made of lead. Letting out a frustrated groan he fell back into his hammock, which creaked just as dangerously as it always did under his weight. At least he only had a mind-splitting thought-stopping headache, (which was something of a bonus), and he was glad he wasn't feeling as sick as a fish. His parrot (well dodo) squawked a good morning call and hopped onto her masters chest, nuzzling her beak against his beard for some wanted attention. The Captain could never ignore his beloved bird and stroked her feathered head tenderly with his forefinger. \"D'you know how bladdered I got last nigh' Pol?\" he asked curiously, his voice sounding like a bullet to the brain. Polly ignored his question and continued to croon under his administered affections. Sighing he glanced out the window, his headache now reduced to a not-so-gentle thud between the ears. With the bird still attached to his chest the Pirate Captain swung his legs over the edge of his hammock, and watched the wooden floor of his ship sway dangerously around him. Rubbing his oak brown eyes he glanced over to where his uniform was folded neatly across his bedside chair, and his beloved faded red pirate's coat draped carefully over the back, hat perched on the top of the pile. He paused, not remembering when he'd taken off his clothing last night, glancing down he saw that he was in his undergarments and nightwear. Frowning he lent over to his desk where he saw his Best Pirate Captain mug full to the brim with fresh steaming tea, and an apple leaning against the chipped porcelain. You put on quite a show last night , the note read, Thirty-one tankards and still standing, (well almost), we're preparing the ship for departure at the height of the tide today. Promise I'll waken you straight after sun-up. The note was written in Number Two's neat slanting script, smiling the Captain took a large gulp of his cooling tea, and started to get ready for the day. Number Two let out a groan as he hefted a barrel of ale onto his shoulders. Pirates had long ago figured that water didn't last well at sea, although a few barrels were always kept sealed below decks, ale was the main drink to quench a salty sea dogs thirst. Stepping carefully around the pile of something left on the cobbles from the night before he made his way back to his ship and the rest of his awaiting crew. The sun was just starting to make itself known to the day as the first tendrils of light crept over the calm morning ocean and caressed the port of Blood Island, casting the water in a pale pink glow, ships were already making a beeline for the sea, desperate to catch the tide when it was going out (not in). He watched as Albino and Curvaceous raced the barrels between them up to the ships Jacob ladder and onto the deck. Shaking his head in amusement he carried on his slow and steady gait taking in the surroundings as the Blood Island awoke from its slumber. Shouts from different vendors could be heard haggling prices with customers and there was always the steady beat of a wooden peg leg against the firm stone pavement. Gulls screeched angrily up above and the ships riggings jangled as they were teased by the flitting morning breeze. \"Pirate with a Scarf!\" a female voice was almost lost through the crowded dock. He turned in surprise to she Cutlass Liz running towards him, a knowing grin on her face. \"How's the Captain?\" Laughing in response to the question he shook his head, \"Oh he's definitely seen better days,\" he paused. \"You're not catching the outward tide?\" Liz shook her head, her hair falling across her face in a dark halo (Number Two could definitely see why the other Pirates of the population of Blood Island found her attractive), she grinned eyeing the barrel across his shoulders. \"You really think that he needs more ?\" Shaking his head he chuckled as they continued to walk towards the ship. \"No, it's for the rest of the crew, unless he downs it first,\" \"I wasn't surprised if they were going to drink several barrels between them last night,\" her Caribbean accent was streaked with humour at the situation. They continued in a companionable silence as they made their way up to the Jacob's ladder where the rest of the crew was already setting the ship ready for departure. \"Getting the Captain up from a hangover as bad as this one is always a chore,\" he explained. \"He bit me last time,\" Liz snorted. \"You're not serious are you?\" They'd reached the boat, it's wooden hull creaking as always as it stayed tied to the dockside. The Pirate with a Scarf was about to open his mouth but his reply was thwarted by a another answer. \"But you liked it didn't you Number Two?\" The darker skinned woman's eyebrows raised as the other Pirates face flushed a good ruby red. They both craned their necks upwards to see the Pirate Captain himself, beard, bird and all grinning devilishly down at them as they stood on the dock. Using one the many ropes attached to the ship he slid down onto the dockside and gave a swooping bow to the female member of the pair, who placed a hand on her hip, cocking it to the side, unable to keep the grin from falling off his face due to his antics. \"I think I recovered quite well from hangovers, don't you?\" \"Ey, but you're not up before the rest of your crew, which a good Captain should always be,\" he other Pirate scowled playfully at her, his brown eyes shining with mischief. \"Pray tell Captain what is the cure for a hangover? Because by the look on your face you're diein' to tell me,\" \"A cuppa and a apple,\" he shrugged, taking Polly off his shoulder and hooking her under his arm, giving a automatic affectionate stroke under her beak. \"Suit yourself,\" she shrugged. \"Seems a little-\" \"Hey Captain!\" there was a shout from Albino Pirate, \"Do you want your tea or shall I just leave it on the deck of the ship?\" the blond lad was holding his favourite mug for the world to see, with its Best Pirate Captain inscription painted proudly on the side in red. Groaning due to the younger man's tactlessness and genuine talent make any situation embarrassing or awkward the Pirate Captain held his head in his spare hand. Cutlass Liz let out a bark of laughter and wasn't afraid to laugh in her pier's face. \"I'll leave it on the deck Captain, better come up quick cause it's getting cold,\" Cutlass Liz was now leaning against the ships hull, trying (unsuccessfully) to cover up her laughter at the other man's expense. If Pirate with a Scarf was able to give himself a well deserved facepalm he would have done, but instead he rolled his ocean blue eyes, before making his way up to the deck of the ship. The Pirate who looked like Sunsets and Kittens (arguably the biggest and well built man on the whole boat), easily took the barrel off the weakening Pirate with a Scarf. \"Is it the last one?\" he asked as he slung it under his arm. \"Yes, the Captains trying to woo Liz again,\" \"Oi I heard that!\" the Captain's voice trailed up onto the ship, and the two sent each other knowing looks. Sunsets grinned. \"I'll dump this one below decks and then we'd better get amoving otherwise we'll miss the tide.\" \"I know, I'll just-\" \"Well, well, well,\" another voice drifted up from the docks onto the boat, unlike Cutlass Liz's (who was just poking fun at the other Pirate) the voice had a scathing and patronising tone – obviously directed towards their Captain. \"You'd better get down there mate,\" the Pirate who looked like Sunsets and Kittens advised. \"With Black Bellamy on the dock it's gonna get nasty,\" Muttering his thanks the Pirate with a Scarf headed quickly down the Jacobs ladder, and onto the dock, only to see Black Bellamy with the rest of his crew behind him – and he seemed ready to pick a fight. He placed a hand on his Captain's shoulder, \"Come on Pirate Captain, we'd better get going,\" \"Goin' looting?\" his smooth accent mocked, his eyes locking with the Pirate with a Scarf's who glowered back in reply. Number Two could see that the Pirate Captain was in two minds about answering, Liz had sobered up and had joined the Captains side. Squeezing his shoulder the Pirate with a Scarf tried to direct the Captain towards the gangway and onto the ship, but his shoulders were hard and his back was taught like a set bowstring. \"We are – aren't we Number Two?\" \"We're Pirates,\" he set a withering glower over in Bellamy's direction. \"Being a pirate Black, I thought you'd know that,\" There was a snort from the surrounding pirates at Black Bellamy's expense. \"Isn't just like you, getting your powder monkey to answer for you,\" the insult stung into the Pirate with a Scarf's pride, because he knew (as well as anybody) being the quartermaster to the most wanted Pirate of the seas was the highest honour. If it was even possible he felt his Captain tense even more underneath the firm grip that he had on his shoulder. The black bearded pirate smirk grew even more, his white teeth glowing in the dawn light. \"And we all know what some Captains do to their powder monkeys,\" the innuendo struck hard, and Number Two lost his grip on his Captains shoulder, surprised that Bellamy even considered using that as a insult. But loosing his grip on his captains shoulder was one of the worst things that he could have done. The Pirate Captain didn't even resister the insult to himself, the insult that got him most was calling his quartermaster (he preferred the term First Mate), a powder monkey. Nobody insulted his crew (only he did, and that was only when he was in a foul mood – on the worst of days), the Pirate Captain tore himself out of Number Two's grip and thrust a surprised Polly into (a even more surprised) Cutlass Liz's grip and launched himself at Black Bellamy, whipping his sword from his sheath that hung around his hips he let out a battle cry and threw Bellamy onto the nearby wall of Tailored Hooks. Jamming the sword up to his neck the furious red bearded pirate nearly growled. \"Want to say that again?\" the Pirate Captain snarled, voice low and deadly. Black Bellamy actually had the gall to look scared, and his coal black eyes widened in fear, his Adams apple bobbing in his throat he swallowed. \"What?\" he grinned nastily. \"About that boy you keep as your first mate?\" That was the wrong thing to say as the Pirate Captain shoved him further up the wall, gripping the collar of his shirt with one large calloused hand hand pressing the sharp edge of his sword into the man's throat – not enough for it to bleed, but enough for it it make a impression. \"He's my quartermaster, and my boatswain have a problem with that?\" \"You've not got enough crew so that lad has to fill in two positions?\" for some reason the anger that was controlling the Captain was building and he struggled from running the other Pirate through, but if he did that would be high treason and he'd once again be banished from Blood Island, never to be able to regain his Pirate Honour. \"Shut it or I'll run you through,\" he growled lowly, like a furious Bengal tiger ready to kill. Suddenly he felt a recognisable hand on his shoulder, gently trying to calm the man down and pull him away from his attack on his fellow pirate. \"As much as I would like to allow you to continue to protect my honour we've got a tide to catch, and the winds are starting to change, if we don't out now we'll be stuck here for at least another day,\" the voice paused, \"And that means another day with Bellamy,\" The threat was enough to pull the Pirate Captain out of his angered state, and he relaxed his grip on the black bearded pirate, letting him drop to the floor. \"You've got a good point Number Two, we'd better get going,\" he started to walk up the gangway, collecting Polly from the stunned, slack-jawed Cutlass Liz's grasp, uttering a quick word of thanks, he helped his quartermaster pull in the Jacobs ladder. Bellamy was already standing on his feet, growling and pulling his hat from the floor, after dusting it off he placed it back on his head. \"I bet you're too chicken to even think about going where I've been!\" the Pirate Captain ignored the attempts from the Pirate with a Scarf to ignore the other pirates, as he lent over the ridge of his deck. \"What in the stomach of a wale?\" his retort was met with rounds of laughter from the other pirates that had watched the whole unusual stream of events take place. \"British waters!\" the furious and blighted pirate roared in reply, his cheeks reddening slightly with embarrassment. \"No because we don't have a death wish, I've already had enough of Queen Victoria for one life time! And that includes her sunk flagship,\" the Pirate Captain bellowed back, slashing through his rival's pride like a knife through butter. The auburn haired captain didn't notice his quartermaster standing behind him with his head in his hands muttering something to himself about being pathetically bitchy this morning. \"Sunsets take up the anchor!\" he barely heard Number Two's voice commanding the rest of his crew. \"Ey Pirate with a Scarf!\" the large burly pirate replied, as he and Gout began to heave the heavy anchor out the water. The rest of the crew started (in a quick practised formation) to untie the sails and prepare the ship to leave port. \"I'd love to stop and chat,\" the Pirate Captain called to his furious pirate foe, \"But I've got a looting to do!\" he easily bounded onto the plank (the one that had caused all the trouble with Darwin and Polly in the first place), and flung himself onto the poop deck, where the wheel was situated, taking it from a grinning Pirate with the Accordion. Who ran back and started to climb the rigging to help the other member of the crew to unfurl the sales. He grinned at Pirate with a Scarf as he took the stairs up to the poop deck two at a time to join his side, Polly squawked with recognition and hopped onto his shoulder. He let his brown eyes meet the younger man's blue and was momentarily caught off guard. There was something written in those deep pools of blue that he couldn't quite read, and it shook him for a moment. \"Are we going C'ptain?\" he grinned, knocking him off his guard. He smirked back to his second in command, and whipped his sword out of it's sheath with a gallant cry, and a grin splitting his features. \"Come on Freetbooters!\" be bellowed at the top of his lungs. Loving the way that the breeze was flowing through his hair as it started to pick up as they made their way out of the Blood Island docks. \"Let go a plunderin'!\" So far they had been unlucky in their search for booty. There was little breeze, and the breeze there was mocked the sails as it tugged on them uselessly. The crew were sprawled out on the deck, bored beyond belief, Albino was playing tiddlywinks against Pirate with Gout (in quite a short time they had discovered that playing marbles on a rocking sea boat was useless), Curvaceous was seated reading a book that read Pirates; a Art of War , but with closer inspection a second cover could be seen. Pirate with a Scarf shook his head in amusement, and watched as the Pirate with a Accordion as he took a nap, resting against the edge of the ship, the instrument made a whoomp sound as it hit the deck, the action only getting a snore from the elder pirate. Even he had to admit, with all the patients that he had acquired over the years dealing with this crew he was getting bored. He couldn't help but grin as the Pirate who looked like Sunsets and Kittens took a chaulk on the deck, loud snores coming out of the heavymans mouth. Suddenly something caught his eye's (and it wasn't the Pirate Captain slumped in a heavy slumber on one of the steps), scrambling up from his position he lurched for the telescope that was kept attached to the poop deck (for if such a occasion like this should arise). Unloading it flicked it open, and took a peak, a grin split his face, through the telescope he'd spotted a ship, it was a Ganges ship, with only two decks of guns – and was slightly larger than their own ship – and a typical war ship, but there were unrecognisable markings, and nothing showed that it was still in service. At least it was something to do. \"Gange's style ship off the portside! Around one and half nautical miles as the crow flies!\" Pirate with a Scarf called to the rest of the pirates down below the crew immediately snapped to attention, including the Pirate Captain who bounded up the stairs to stand next to his quartermaster at the top of the poop deck. \"Great job Number Two!\" he pulled the spyglass from his First Mates grip and studied the ship. \"You're right as normal! Full speed ahead!\" he roared, and Pirate with a Scarf grinned, loving the way that the crew became animated as soon as there was something that they were able to loot. \"Loosen the sails!\" the crew immediately set into action and Pirate with a Scarf grabbed the wheel and flung it to the left. \"This might be it Number Two,\" the Captain whispered underneath his breath, \"What'you think of the haul?\" \"Not sure Captain,\" as the pair zoned onto the ship in front of them. \"Have they seen us yet?\" Albino had scrambled up the mast and into his crows nest, picking up his own spyglass and focusing onto the ship, \"Dunno Pirate with a Scarf, but we sure are gaining on them,\" \"All right men, prepare to board! Sunsets take the wheel! Two you're with me,\" \"Ey, ey Captain,\" he tipped his hat in the other man's direction and the Captain grinned. The Pirate who looked like Sunsets and Kittens jumped up the stairs and took the wheel out of Scarfs hands, he grinned at him (looking completely and utterly manic along with the scar that adorned his nose). \"Better go keep a eye on him,\" \"You read my mind.\" \"Avast!\" the Pirate Captain cried as he swung his way down onto the main deck, \"Hold her steady!\" the small crew strained against the rigging that held the sails in place, the wind had picked up and the ship's sails were forcing the old boat forwards. \"Captain!\" the Pirate Captain heard his quartermaster shout over the sudden rising wind. \"We've got a storm approaching! Twenty nautical miles starboard,\" \"Neptune's beard,\" the Captain cursed, \"He's got it in for us today,\" any pirate knew that when two ships where locked in a intense battle a storm could be deadly. If the winds reached high enough the ships would go out of control and the masts and riggings from both ships could become ensnared, making it almost impossible for either ship to escape. \"What do you think Number Two?\" \"The choice is yours Captain! I don't think they've-\" suddenly there was a screech of something that flew through the air, propelled by raw gunpowder. \"TWO!\" he yelled out, obvious panic lacing his voice as he watched the metal sphere force itself through the wood and to where his second in command was standing. The crew watched with bated breath as the quartermaster threw himself down the stairs and out of the cannonballs path. The Captain winced as he tumbled down and the splinters of wood cascaded out from the captains cabin. He ran over to Number Two, who was sprawled out and disorientated, gripping the man's arm he hauled him upright. \"Two are you okay?\" Number Two sent him a shaky grin, there was a gash that split the skin on his forehead but other than that he looked in one piece. \"Thanks for that Captain,\" \"No-\" \"Captain off the port side, their turning on us!\" Albino cut the conversation between the two pirates short as the watched the warship turn towards them, smoke exploding out of the guns as the cannonballs where expelled from their hideout. \"I don't think they were with us to begin with!\" the Captain shot back. \"Sunsets hard starboard, lets tear these landlubbers to pieces!\" there was a affirmed yell from the pirate at the wheel and the world seemed to spin on its axis as the ship was hauled to the right, to draw alongside the other ship . \"Hold her steady!\" \"Eye eye! Captain!\" the Pirate Who Looked Like Sunsets and Kittens roared in reply. Another cannonball shot past him, narrowly missing Surprisingly Curvaceous Pirate, who let out a surprised yell and dived to the side. As they drew up alongside the other ship the Captain saw the crew desperately trying to sink his own ship, he let out a manic grin – that wasn't about to happen. \"Raise the flag!\" he yelled, watching as Albino hauled up their skull and ham bones in a proud display. Picking up his trusted rope he started to loop it around in a circle, before gaining enough momentum to hurl the hooked end onto the ship (he may not have any luck with pirating but he was a damn good throw). He grinned as he felt it hook onto the other ships mast, and pulled it secure. \"Two, Gout, Strange and Albino, you're with me. Sunsets, Hook, Accordion and Mr. Bobo, you man the ship,\" there were confirming yells as he leapt over the water and onto the deck of the other ship. He whipped out his sword from its sheath and bellowed, \"I'm the Pirate Captain and I'm here for your gold!\" Suddenly the sounds of gunfire and cannonballs being released from their barrels slowed, and the world around him stopped as the realisation hit him head on. He was standing in the middle of a Victorian warship. And how did he know that? It was due to the fact that (at present) there were around forty royal naval soldiers pointing their loaded rifles (polished off with a very sharp looking bayonet at the end) in his direction. \"Bollocks!\" the Pirate with a Scarf cursed. \"I thought that ship was lost at sea ten years ago!\" \"What are we gonna do Scarf?\" Gout yelled over the continuous sounds of cannonball fire. \"Board, we can't back out now!\" He grabbed a rope and the rest did the same, swinging them over to the other side. \"There ain't going to be any gold on that ship!\" Surprisingly Curvaceous Pirate latched her rope onto the ships rigging. \"I know ,\" Pirate with a Scarf replied in frustration. \"But there'll be naval maps on board, ships records, that type of thing is invaluable,\" he pulled his rope taught and prepared to swing across to help his Captain. \"But I thought gold was invaluable,\" Albino questioned confused, as he tugged on his own hook to make sure it was sturdy. \"They both are Albino,\" a idea suddenly struck him. \"Albino get to the main mast and cut as many sails as possible, they'll be stuck then. Set them alight if you have to.\" \"On it!\" he let out a battle cry and threw himself onto the ship, surprising some of the other crew mates as he went straight for the main mast. Gritting his teeth Pirate with a Scarf knew that he was about to meet his dark past head on, on the ship that had destroyed his life as he knew it. \"Bring it on HMS Minden,\" he growled. \"Bring it on!\" and with a roar (that surprised even Gout and Strange) he leapt into the part of his past that he had wanted to keep well buried. Here's the second chapter, hoped you enjoyed it, I definitely enjoyed writing it and I'm hoping to purchase the DVD when me and my mum are in town on Monday. Have a nice final part of the weekend, and uni students - enjoy what's left of your summer - school students, hopefully you've had a good first few days back at school! Anyway, thanks again for reading. Ciao, LostLyra[Chapter 3] Sory for the wait, I've just been so busy! Hope you enjoy! This was not his day, Commander Edward Wallis growled, they'd had two battles in the space of three months, and the crew and ship where exhausted, but they had finally been ordered to return home by her Majesty Queen Victoria. But now they were being boarded, by what sounded like Pirates. He had no idea how many, normally a small Pirate ship would hold around seventy-five pirates, but sources claimed that large galleons could wager up to around hundred and fifty. They were only a small ship, with withering supplies and they were running out of time to get back to England fast. \"Commander!\" there was a yell from his first mate, \"We've been attacked by pirates!\" \"I can hear that Collison!\" the furious Commander bellowed, grabbing his sword and his small lightweight barrel pistol, attaching them to his belt. \"Just give me numbers,\" \"We've got five on board, not sure how many are on the ship itself, but it looks like a small galleon to me,\" \"Only five? We can take them,\" \"But it's the Pirate Captain himself!\" Commander Wallis stiffened, he'd heard about the Pirate Captain, the man who'd managed to trick himself onto her Majesty's flag ship, rescue some bird, and then sink it in a fashion so dramatic the whole thing had apparently broken in half and nearly taken every single Royal with it. \"HIM? ON this ship, today of all days!\" the Commander let out a frustrated yell and threw open the Captain's Cabin's door to see a dismal display of combat. He leapt up to the main quarter deck, only to see five pirates battling with his heavily armed and well trained soldiers. There was a yell over the rising winds, that seemed to be coming from the Pirate Captain himself. Commander Wallis had heard many rumours about who the Pirate Captain actually was, but standing at the bow of his ship (somewhat haphazardly) fighting off five of his crew was a tall, strong chested man, with a large auburn beard and a dark lined pirates hat sitting on his head – and wait - was that a dodo on his shoulder? \"Number Two!\" he heard the yell from the Pirate, much less gruffer than he'd actually imagined. \"What exactly are we here for?\" (apparently he wasn't that good at pirating – so why did he have such a bounty on his head?). \"I'll get it Captain!\" there was another voice, and the Commander hurried down the steps that lined the poop deck to throw himself into the battle. Startled he saw a younger pirate run past him, decked out in a royal blue pirate's jacket and a smaller blue pirate hat. Feeling courageous Commander Wallis threw himself in the way of the other pirate (who'd the Captain had called Number Two) to take him on, and protect his cargo (and his honour). \"Just try,\" the English man threatened through gritted teeth at the other man, he pulled out his sword and thrust it in the younger man's direction. \"Pirate with a Scarf!\" there was another voice (one that sounded Surprisingly feminine). \"I can handle this Surprisingly, go check the hull with Grout,\" after shouting the commands to his fellow pirate the man turned back towards Wallis, and the commander swallowed, suddenly feeling very nervous indeed. \"You shall not pass,\" he growled out, holding his ground, and his sword pointed directly towards the other pirates chest. To his surprise the slimmer pirate actually stepped back, his hands going up in surrender. \"I really don't want to fight you Wallis,\" the pirates voice was as smooth as it was British. Wait, did he just say Wallis ? The commander nearly dropped his sword in surprise. \"I won't have any reason not to run you through,\" he glanced up into the ocean blue eyes that the pirate bore and wondered if he was at all recognisable. Suddenly there was a scream of a cannonball as it shot through the air and barrelled into the side of the ship, there was a dramatic sound of creaking wood as the ships hull splintered into tiny little pieces. Commander Wallis threw himself to the side to avoid the hailstorm of sudden splinters. The blue clad pirate took this moment to escape and easily leapt over the other man, making his way up to the stern of the ship, easily dodging soldiers and cannon fire. Momentarily stunned by the turn of events Commander Wallis blinked quickly to clear his head as he watched the blurred figure of the pirate enter his privet quarters – seemingly unnoticed. Where had he seen those eyes before? He paused for thought. And then it came to him. He'd seen those eyes (they had been much younger then), filled with fear and hatred for the person standing in front of them. If he'd remembered rightly the younger man; no he wasn't even a man let alone a young one, had been covered from head to toe in dust, grime, gunpowder and blood - the reminders of war. It had been his cousin. A sudden sick feeling rose from the pit of his stomach and tried to make it through his throat. His cousin had turned against Queen and Country, and sort the ways of a pirate as his escape mechanism from his past. Swearing repeatedly the Pirate with a Scarf threw open the door to the captains cabin, and slammed it shut behind him. He took a moment to regain his breath as he took off his hat and wiped his clammy forehead. He grimaced as he felt the half congealed blood from his earlier wound stick to his hand. Scrubbing his hand on his trousers his eyes flicked around the room, hoping to find what he was looking for. His eyes zoned in on the large desk in the middle of the room and he grinned, running around the other side he used his sword to easily break the locks. Wincing at the sound of the oak splintering beneath the steel he hauled the broken desk draw outwards. Grinning to himself he started pulling papers out of the draws, many were useless, but one caught his eyes. Pirate with a Scarf grabbed it and pulled it out, smirking in triumph he held the map up. When unrolled it was a map displaying where each and every dock and area of land was under Queen Victoria's control. Folding the map carefully he placed the waning parchment on the desk, before forcing the other draws open. It was much the same, and he ended getting only three maps. Frowning in disappointment he ran his hand over the wood of the last draw. Suddenly his fingers nudged against something in the wood, grabbing hold he gave it a firm tug. To his great surprise the bottom of the draw lifted clean away, scattering pieces of paper unceremoniously across the floor. Throwing the lid to one side the Pirate with a Scarf got down onto both knees to check what was inside. His fingers pushed away more letters and a few knick knacks before he found a letter. Pulling it out he glanced at it, and was about to chuck it on the floor before he read the address on the front of the yellowing paper. , immediate postage required . It wasn't much of a address, but something tugged at him to keep the letter, turning it he saw that it was sealed with the Wedgwood family crest, pressed into ruby red wax. Gripping the paper so hard he almost tore the letter open. How long had this been in here? Weeks, months - years even? Biting his lip he shrugged away the thought and stuffed the letter into his pocket. His eyes locked onto to a book, set precariously balanced against the hard wooden shelf. Attack strategy, Blood Island. Pulling the other documents into his arms the pirate made his way over to the shelf. Lifting the book from its resting place he flicked through the yellowing pages, there were names of ships and Captains, and there were estimates of the number of crew on board. What was this? As far as any pirate knew the Blood Island was a well kept secret, and no English ship should know of it's whereabouts, deciding to pocket the book as well the quartermaster left the captains cabin and made his way discreetly down into the hull - knowing the rest of the crew could look after themselves. Buried in deep in the watertight hull there were barrels and barrels full of spices and exports from the Indian continent. He spotted his two other crew mates hauling loads back up onto the deck. \"You were right about the loot Pirate with a Scarf!\" Pirate with Gout called as he Curvaceous started hauling the stolen cargo up to the deck where the fighting was going on. Grinning back he thrust the documents into the Pirate with Gout's hands, who glanced at them surprised. \"Updated English maps,\" the Pirate with a Scarf answered. \"There's a book that says Blood Island Attack Strategy but I'm not sure why,\" he paused and they all instinctively ducked out of the way as a cannonball blasted its way through the wooden hull, sending splinters of wood in every direction. \"Better get them on board then,\" Gout grinned and winked in the other Pirates direction, \"There's silks and stuff over there, but we might get more for the spices on the foreign market,\" Scarf nodded in agreement, \"Grab some of the silk as well, I'll check the rest of the hull, there's probably some gems around here somewhere,\" \"Guy's can't we talk about this later?\" Surprisingly Curvaceous Pirate pleaded. \"This barrel's bloody heavy,\" \"Right sorry Surprisingly,\" Gout replied, hefting the loot up the stairs to the quarterdeck, along with the maps that he safely tucked into his pocket. The Pirate with a Scarf ventured back into the hull, and started to pick through the barrels. Suddenly there were heavy footsteps, and muffled voices from near the entrance to the wooden hull. Freezing the Pirate with a Scarf bit his lip - knowing that the voices were not from his fellow crew members. Very quietly the young pirate slipped between the storage barrels and sucked in a breath. \"He's down here somewhere,\" a gruff tone growled. \"Commander Collision said that he went below into the hull. The Pirate with a Scarf tensed, and covered his mouth with his hand to smother the sound of his breathing. \"Yes, but where?\" another voice sounded, somewhat lighter, but still rough and cold. \"Come on pirate, pirate, pir ate !\" the first called out to him in a mocking voice. \"Come get your gold!\" The Pirate with a Scarf tried not to growl in reply - he knew that hiding was cowardly, but he also knew that he was screwed if the two marines where the men he thought they were. Even above the rain of gunfire from the quarterdeck he could still hear their heavy footsteps drawing ever closer. He dropped down to his hands and knees, shuffling backwards as quick as he could. Suddenly another cannonball shot through the hull, destroying the crates that kept the cargo safe, and exploding them into millions of tiny pieces. The Pirate with a Scarf couldn't help but let out a cry of pain as several flew past his skin and cut into his face like tiny knifes. He was flown backwards by the blast and landed awkwardly against a chest, wincing as his back bent uncomfortably over it. The sound alerted the other two British soldiers, and they quickly made their way over to him. The pirate glanced up, desperately trying to blink away his cloudy vision and reorientate himself. \"Well, well, well, looky at what we have here,\" the first voice sounded muffled in his ears. \"Do you recognise him McCaw? I certainly do,\" Pirate with a Scarf froze, just pretend you're dead , he thought repeatedly, pretend you're dead . \"So do I - think he's dead Smith?\" The voice belonging to Smith chuckled. \"Lets find out shall we?\" Suddenly excruciating pain shot up his arm from his hand as a heavy boot crunched down. He couldn't help but let out a gasp, and his eyes flew open. \"It is! It's Wedgwood!\" the largest of the two (McCaw) hoisted the pirate up into a standing position, ignoring his grunts of pain. \"Stand up boy! Lemme take a look at ya,\" Pirate with a Scarf knew that he was screwed beyond belief now. \"Not looking quite yourself are ya Wedgwood?\" the rowan haired pirate stood stiff and tall, glowering at the other two sea men with his head held high. His right hand slipped down to the hilt of his sword – his left was still screaming in pain, and he realised that it was probably broken. \"McCaw,\" he tilted in the other man's direction. \"Smith? I don't believe we've met before, and I don't know who Wedgwood is,\" \"Don't lie to us boy ,\" the taller man hissed. \"You know exactly who we are, and we know who the hell YOU are,\" the Pirate with a Scarf had to stop himself from letting out a worried swallow as he felt the tip of the other man's sword flick at his pirate uniform. \"And what in the seven sea's are you wearing gunner? Heh, Smith look at this get up,\" with one movement the man moved forwards to slash the belt that he was wearing across his chest in half. As quick as lightning the Pirate with a Scarf easily blocked the sailor with his own weapon. \"Well, well Wedgwood, you've certainly gotten better from the appalling swordsmanship from all those years ago – how long has it been?\" \"Ten,\" the Pirate with a Scarf snapped. \"Ten – and those years have been the best of my life,\" \"Really?\" the other man sneered, \"And I see you've got so good with a sabre since then,\" the Pirate with a Scarf clenched his good had around his sword so hard that his knuckles turned a ghostly white. Suddenly pain ricocheted through his chest as something collided into his ribs. He gasped in surprise and staggered back due to the blow. A large hand gripped the back of his scarf and hauled him upright again, forcing him to look into the coal black eyes of McCaw. The man roughly grabbed his chin and forced the Pirate with a Scarf's face close to his own. \"You've got guts man,\" he spat, spittle running down his chin. \"After you killed my brother in cold blood,\" \"I didn't kill him,\" Pirate with a Scarf choked against Smith's hold. \"Clark was my best friend – we were brothers!\" \"How DARE you speak his name!\" the solider roared furiously, backhanding the pirate hard across the face. The Pirate with a Scarf would have fallen hard to the floor if he hadn't been gripped upright by Smith. \"Wait!\" Smith's British accent cut through the humid air like butter. \"He's a pirate – won't he know the co-ordinates for Blood Island?\" \"Good thinking Smith!\" the sailor glanced over the pirates shoulder to his friend, before turning to the injured man. \"Wedgwood, we can do this the easy way or the hard way,\" he paused dramatically, and the Pirate with a Scarf clenched his teeth. \"You know her majesty wants to destroy the pirate scum once and for all - and you can help just with that - just tell us the way, and I'm sure that she'll reward you, richly ,\" \"Never,\" the pirate spat. \"I'll never talk!\" as he expected another hand struck him, but this time it was at the back of his head. Shocked and dizzy the young pirate fell to the ground on all fours, dropping his sword as he did so. He reached out for the weapon but it was kicked away, sliding across the wooden floor and clinkering to a stop. \"I don't think that we'll be needing that,\" he brought his fist and smashed it into the Pirate with a Scarf's jaw, sending him skidding across the hull, ribs cracking he slumped painfully against a hard crate. Scarf tried to stand, his muscles singing with pain, every blood vessel and sinew calling out in a desperate choir. As he got shakily to his hands and knees, his battered body collapsed and he fell again onto his elbows, looking up through a haze of blood and sweat that was cascading down his face. Outside he could dimly hear the deafening sound of cannonballs dwarfed intermittently by the crack of thunder as mother nature raged her own war on the two vessels. \"Come on then sea rat,\" this time it was Smiths voice. \"Give us your best shot,\" the pirate tried to force himself upright, but his body failed to listen to his brain and he fell again, only able to support himself with his uninjured hand. \"Pathetic,\" he felt a heavy toe of a boot thump into his sides, sending him sprawling across the floor, coughing as his ribs cracked under the sudden pressure. \" Fight !\" There was more pain as a second foot crunched across his body and the Pirate with a Scarf couldn't help but cry out. Suddenly he saw something glitter - it was his sword - he reached for it, but McCaw's boot pressed on his good wrist, and he winced, biting his tongue to keep the cry of pain at bay. \"Looky here, Wedgwood I can do this all day,\" he crouched down and grabbed him by the scruff of his neck, tilting his face to his. Time seemed to slow for the Pirate with a Scarf as he felt the man's sword press into his neck, nipping dangerously at the skin just below his Adam's apple. \"Come on lad,\" the voice was soft and mocking. \"Tell me – and we can end this,\" he sent a wicked grin his way eyes locking with Scarf. \"Or more importantly you ,\" the sword was tilted and the sharp blade pressed against his warm skin. Oh. He was going to die, a odd panicked adrenalin shot through him, oh Neptune, please no! A numb sensation swept through his veins – as if his body was already shutting down in preparation – and his vision started to blur as tears he was trying to keep down started to seep from his eyes. \"Aww is the powder monkey crying?\" the man teased. \"Not. Scared. Of. Death,\" he gasped out, the shattered ribs making it hard to talk. \"Never. Going. To . See. My. Crew,\" he trailed off, leaving the fact that he was never going to be able to tell his beloved Pirate Captain about how he felt. \"Shame, we'll slaughter them as well,\" \"NO!\" he tried to shout, but it came out as a strangled gasp. He flinched as the blade was dragged back, ready for the final blow - \" GET AWAY FROM HIM !\" there was a very recognisable roar came from the steps of the hull and grainy half suddenly light spilled from the open door and into the dark and dingy storage room. Pirate with a Scarf twisted in the other man's grip to see none other than the Pirate Captain himself standing silhouetted in the doorway, his expression thunderous and his normal oak brown eyes a deep and furious coal black. The injured pirate couldn't help but let a smile slip across his lips as the two stunned Brits glanced shocked towards the door to see the infamous Captain standing there in all his glory. \"I said. Get. Away. From. HIM!\" every word was punctuated with a heavy step, the stairs creaking ominously under his weight. His unsheathed sword was dulled by the dark room – but it didn't loose any of it's threat. To his great surprise the Pirate with a Scarf saw Smith scramble back, gripping his sword with determined air, before lurching to attack. With one easy movement the Pirate Captain threw out his arm and the shorter blacked haired man was flung across the room, body cracking against the wooden wall and slumping into unconsciousness, his whole figure going deathly limp. The Captain's heavy boots seemed to smother every other noise as they thumped against the aged floor. \"Do I have to repeat myself?\" his voice was deathly low. \"Let. Go. Of. HIM !\" \"What like this?\" McCaw forced the Pirate with a Scarf upright, and the pirate couldn't help but let out a cry of pain. \"Stand down!\" the Pirate Captain bellowed, voice pained and furious. \"Oh - I think I won't,\" McCaw edge him onwards. \"I think you will,\" the other man growled and flicked out a wicked looking pistol. \"Now I'm more prone to running people through, but I don't mind shooting people in the head either,\" At this McCaw did have the gall to tense, and he snarled. \"This man abandoned his queen and country, killed my brother! And you expect me to let him go?\" \"Captain-\" the Pirate with a Scarf choked out, feeling the blade press dangerously into his neck. \"You didn't heed my warning!\" the other pirate bellowed. Suddenly there was a gun shot, and a bullet barrelled past his cheek and buried itself into the soldier's shoulder. The man let out a anguished cry of pain and kicked the Pirate with the Scarf away. He flew forwards and was about to crunch painfully onto the floor, but the Pirate Captain caught him, hauling him gently up onto his feet, his face pulling itself into a shocked frown at the other pirate. \"Number Two,\" he reached up and touched the younger man's face gently with his calloused hand, and the other man flinched away from the soft caring brush of his thumb. \"Captain,\" he croaked, voice sore and exhausted. He took a step forwards, nearly tripping over his own feet and falling again, but the Captain caught him easily, and pulled him close so he couldn't stumble a second time. The elder man took his shoulders gently and looped his arms around his shoulders and took his waist, easing him up the stairs. The Captain suddenly paused, and the younger man looked at him surprised. \"Wait here,\" the pirate commanded, letting his quartermaster lean against the wooden wall of the hull. In several quick strides he moved over to the back of the hull and picked something up. The Pirate with a Scarf couldn't help but smile as he was handed back his sword. \"Thanks,\" he murmured, his voice still painfully rough. The Captain grinned, glancing around the destroyed remains of the hull and the two men who were slumped on the floor, one still bleeding profusely and the other still out unconscious. Together they made their way slowly up the stairs and back onto the upper deck, whenever the Pirate with a Scarf stumbled the Captain hauled him gently upright. The wind and the rain had picked up to threatening levels, and the gusts caused the ships to be drenched in sea water as the waves crashed over onto the decks. \"Captain!\" it was Grout's voice bellowing over the wind. \"We've got to get off this ship the-\" he stopped momentarily as he saw the state that his quartermaster was in, and then continued. \"If the rigging gets tangled we're in for it!\" \"I agree Pirate with Grout, get everyone off the ship and away as quickly as possible!\" \"Aye, eye Captain!\" the man saluted and limped off, still fighting the other navel soldiers. \" You !\" there was a yell and the two pirates turned surprised towards the sound of the male voice. \"Dammit Wedgwood – I hoped to the high sea's it wasn't you!\" \"Number Two what's he-\" the Captain started. \"A pirate really – that's how you escape everything that happened? Mutiny to your own country?\" Suddenly the world tilted, and the Pirate Captain lost his firm (but gentle) grip on his quartermaster as the ships started a deadly entangled dance. The Pirate with a Scarf stumbled and clutched onto the rail that lined the ship as sea water sprayed up into his face. \"Captain!\" he called out in panic as he saw the pirate slip away, scrambling on the wet deck. \"Now I have you!\" the Commander thundered, and leapt forwards. The Pirate with a Scarf let out a surprised yell and swung low to avoid the sword that came sweeping downwards. Whipping his own sword from it's sheath he parried the blow, sparks flew as the two swords crashed together, biting at each other as friction won over. The Pirate with a Scarf's pain was momentarily forgotten as a second surge of adrenaline swept through him. The pirates arms shook with the strain of holding back the other sailor. \"Why would you do this to our family?\" he yelled furiously. Bringing the swords out of their lock and attacking again. \"I have no family!\" the over-energised Pirate with a Scarf replied. Once again slipping on the wet wooden deck. By now the ships had become so entangled it was starting to look impossible to tear them apart. They had both started to fall inwards in dangerous angles, sinking into the frothing sea. The wind was so strong it was starting to tear the sails, and the lightning was dancing around, casting the battle in intermittent bursts of bright electrical white light. \"Give it up Wed-\" \"Don't say that name again!\" the Pirate with a Scarf thrust his next blow forwards, continuously trying to outwit the opponent that was bettering him. \"Number Two!\" the Captain's voice could be heard over the raging winds. \"We've got to get off this ship – she can't take any more strain!\" \"On it Captain!\" the other man replied, arms struggling to hold back his attacker. \"You go! I'll follow!\" \"TWO!\" \"Just go!\" the quartermaster cried, glancing up to where the riggings of the two ships where horribly tangled, there was already several English soldiers trying to untangle the intertwined sails. The conversation between captain and quartermaster had momentarily distracted the commander and the Pirate with a Scarf took this opportunity to kick him away, not looking back as he skidded along the deck. With expert ease the lean pirate hastily climb the HMS Minden's rigging, reaching the top to see that the real danger was caused by the ropes being hopelessly entangled. Gripping the rope with his good hand the pirate balanced precariously, wincing as he gripped his faithful sword in his injured one and started to tear through the offending ropes. He swung dangerously as the ships tilted even more due to the weight and gravity determined to bring them under. After what seemed like forever the pirate managed to free the last of the ropes, and watched through the rain as his own ship was flung outwards as it was released from the tight grip. Wincing as he saw Surprisingly flying and smacking against the deck. The whole world spun dangerously as he started to loose his grip on the ropes. Hastily he started to climb down the mast, swallowing the bile and blood that was rising up his throat. In the distance he heard a yell. \"Get that Pirate!\" in the back of his mind he was presuming that they were talking about him. He paused, glancing over at his own ship, and wondering if he could make the jump. \"Pirate with a Scarf!\" there was a yell over the wind and he turned to see the young Albino balancing on the edge of his crow's nest. \"Grab the rope!\" Thinking it was the best idea that he'd had all day the exhausted pirate nodded, and waited for the blond boy to throw it over. Suddenly bullets raced past him and he looked down, seeing a furiously scowling (and still bleeding) McCaw. \"I'll kill you Wedgwood!\" \"Now Albino!\" he commanded the pirate, nodding the boy threw the rope over to the other ship. The Pirate with a Scarf took the leap of faith. As he threw himself down to the rope he saw that McCaw was preparing to take another shot at him, he glanced up to see his dangling life line, and stretched out both hands to grab it. Pain suddenly shot through his shoulder, and he let out a cry as he realised the bullet had skimmed across his skin and buried itself into his hat. He lost sight of the rope, and gravity got its hold on him. And then he was falling, the sea rushing towards him with incredible speed. The numbing sensation it him hard as he fell against the stone cold water and his consciousness finally lost the battle. ","Summary":" So I've already put this on Deviantart and it's gotten a surprising response! It's Scraftain, and I"},{"Movie":"Pirates! Band of Misfits","Title":"The Pirates! In an Adventure with Magic","Author":"clawmachines","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9925260","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"The best bit about magic,\" said the pirate with gout, \"is the sparkles.\" \"That's way off,\" argued the pirate in green. \"It's got to be the sawing people in half!\" \"The leotards!\" \"The vanishing elephants!\" Soon a fight broke out amongst the men, and their afternoon tea poured over the deck, crumbs of ship's biscuits crashing to the floor and teeth following suit. It was in the middle of this that the Pirate Captain kicked his way through his quarters and strode onto the deck malevolently, a hard thing to do in bright sunlight, but he pulled it off well. The Pirate Captain was all teeth and curls, with a pleasant open face. If he had been born a pencil rather than a pirate, and thinking of what sort of pencil they would be if they weren't pirates was among one of the crew's favorite pastimes (bypassing comparisons to trees, creatures, fonts, and sedimentary rocks), the Pirate Captain would undoubtedly be a broad but thin strikingly darkly-stroked hand-carved carpenter's pencil. \"What's all this racket, you coves?\" the Pirate Captain said in greeting. The other pirates looked at him apologetically. \"Sorry, sir,\" said the pirate with rickets, who had just splashed hot tea in the face of the pirate with a nut allergy. \"We were just discussing what the best part about magic tricks is.\" \"Well, that's simple, it's learning the secrets of the tricks by means of force,\" the Pirate Captain said while waggling his cutlass at an imaginary magician. \"Number two, would you come here a mo?\" As the Pirate Captain and the pirate with a scarf left the crew, the pirate with a nut allergy - scalding tea streaming down his face - gave an impressed nod. \"He's right. Next to learning a secret while running someone through, leotards are rubbish.\" \"What is it, Captain?\" the scarfed pirate asked him as soon as they were inside the captain's quarters. \"Ah, I'm sure you know. I'm just awfully curious why the crew should be talking about magic at such a time. Have I missed something?\" He straightened the pile of junk on his desk absent-mindedly. \"Yes, sir,\" the loyal first mate replied delicately. The Pirate Captain always loved to be 'in the know,' so having missed a small adventure because he overslept had to be worded carefully. Luckily the pirate with a scarf knew that his captain's curiosity would keep him from being moody, so he backed off on replying delicately and gave it to him straight. \"While you were asleep, the lads grew so restless they begged to go ashore and check out that old antique shop.\" The ship was currently docked outside an artsy town in France. \"You know how I can't say no to them when they're pleading like that.\" \"That is hard, yes.\" \"So we went and got some trinkets to tide them over.\" \"Ah. Not sure what that has to do with magic, Number Two…?\" \"Oh, well, yes, you see Albino got himself a vanishing doubloon kit and they started the discussion that way.\" \"Vanishing doubloon, really! I'd like to see that. Disappearing doubloon would be better, I think. Alliteration, that sort of thing. Disappearing doubloon... Can he perform it well?\" The Pirate Captain made to walk back on deck excitedly. The pirate with a scarf winced. \"No. No he can't. But the pirate in red is good, if you'd want to see him have a go…\" he drifted into a high-pitched whisper at the sight of the Pirate Captain's face souring, pretending to fix up his scarf as though he hadn't been talking. The Captain never did like the pirate in red. Too surly and rebellious, even for a pirate. \"I never did like him. Much too surly and rebellious,\" he muttered to the door to the deck. \"Even for a pirate.\" \"The pirate with a hook is all right at it,\" the pirate with a scarf said with a shrug. And at that the captain perked up again and strode back out to his crew to see.[Chapter 2] The pirates had returned to their criss-cross-applesauce positions, balancing saucers in their hands and chatting to each other politely. The whole teatime idea was brought about by Jennifer, a formerly upright-Victorian-lady now part of the crew. Of course the pirates had had tea before, but it was only by her expertise did they learn the chatting about the weather bit. That's what they started off chatting about, anyway, but as always the minds of the crew tended to wander off into strange directions. Now they were talking about sea cucumbers. \"So they're cucumbers in the ocean?\" the pirate with long legs asked the circle. \"I thought they were cucumbers shaped like a letter C.\" \"I'm back!\" The Pirate Captain stood in the middle of the circle. He added a 'scurvy knaves' for good measure. \"I'd like to see the disappearing doubloon trick if you lot don't mind, it sounds rather interesting.\" At this the albino pirate clapped excitedly and brought out a small box. \"Here it is, Captain!\" \"If you show that stupid trick again I'll smash it in half,\" said the pirate in red with a snort. \"Oh, stop, you're just sore that you're not allowed to do it,\" Jennifer scolded. \"No, I'm sore that he doesn't give you the doubloon back when he's done!\" The albino pirate looked hurt at this. He was a pirate, but that didn't mean he was unfair. \"I just haven't worked it out all the way, I'd give it back if I knew how,\" he said with a frown. \"Yeah, well, if you give it here I'll figure it out for you,\" the pirate in red remarked, looking helpful, but simultaneously murderous. It was a passive-aggressive thing. \"No! Then you'll just be a show-off, being all good at making it disappear!\" He wrestled the box away as the pirate with a scarf barred them from each other with a sigh. \"I can do it myself, I'm not stupid,\" the albino pirate said quietly. \"Lads, lads! Calm down, all right?\" The pirate with a scarf raised his eyebrows and patted the albino pirate reassuringly on the arm. \"Come now, the Captain just wants to see the trick, so let's do that and move on.\" \"Good, I wondered when this fighting would die down,\" said the Captain, who had started doing a pirates' Pilates routine in the middle of the circle. The albino pirate gave the pirate in red a squinty look and turned to smile at the captain. \"For this astounding trick,\" he said stiltedly, eyes bugging with nerves, \"I'll need an ordinary doubloon!\" \"Right, right, here you go, old boy!\" The Pirate Captain handed the albino pirate a doubloon he had fashioned out of wood. Times were tough on the pirate ship. But mainly the captain was stingy. \"Erm… Thank… you! As you can see, it goes into the box like so -\" Albino held the wooden doubloon in his teeth and yanked hard on the sliding part of the box. It wouldn't budge. \"Wad bobedt shir,\" he said with a quavery voice. Gripping the box with his right hand, he smacked it into his left palm wildly. Sweating, he chuckled nervously and spat the fake doubloon out, deciding to bite at the box. The Pirate Captain looked on with an eager smile. \"Wonderful, I love it when they act like they have no idea what they're doing!\" While pulling hard with his teeth, the albino's sweaty palms slipped away from the box and he ended up back-handing the pirate in red's face. \"OOO-ARRGH!\" the pirate in red roared through tears of pain. The albino apologized as best and quickly as he could with the box still gripped in his teeth. Soon there was a noise like a newly plucked chicken being slapped against a mahogany desk, and the disappearing doubloon box was shattered along the deck. The albino sniffled and rubbed his head, Jennifer checking his teeth with a wince. The Pirate Captain clapped heartily and picked up the previously-vanished doubloon from the pile of broken wood. \"Ah, you've turned my doubloon all shiny! What a great trick, albino pirate! Good on you!\" He patted the pirate on the head. Albino screeched a bit. The pirate in red made angry grabby hands at the Pirate Captain pocketing what used to be his doubloon, but decided he'd rather steam to himself than ask his own captain for it back. A wise decision considering the Pirate Captain was looking for any excuse to make the pirate in red walk the plank. But to be honest, it was all thanks to the pirate in red that these fights kept starting, so he was reluctant to the pirate's absence at the same time; a difficult relationship indeed. \"Let's get going, then, crew. We should be able to spot an adventure if we get away from the dock for a while! Isn't that the point of having a ship: being in the middle of the ocean? Come on!\" The Pirate Captain gave his men a winning smile. Pretty much everyone had sauntered back to their usual spots, getting ready to travel, but the albino pirate, Jennifer, and the pirate with a scarf were in a little triangular huddle, each facing the captain. The albino pirate was in the middle, looking particularly forlorn and puppy-dog-eyed. Jennifer was patting his back gently as the albino tried to piece together his magic box to absolutely no avail. Seriously, it was like a pile of toothpicks. Pirate with a scarf cocked his head slightly and did his best to make his eyes dilate. He ended up looking a bit creepy, but the albino's absolute misery made up for it and the Pirate Captain heaved a sigh. \"All right! All right! Let's get a new doubloon box.\" Immediately the albino pirate leapt into the air with an alarmingly large grin, ran off the boat, ran back, hugged the captain tightly, and skipped his way to the antique shop.[Chapter 3] \"Back again?\" the shop owner said with a disinterested tone, peering at the albino from behind a newspaper. It had taken a little while to find another disappearing doubloon box, but the albino pirate had done it, and he was bouncing on the spot in his excitement. The pirate with a scarf held the door to the shop open as the Pirate Captain somersaulted in dramatically. He sprung to his feet and handed the shop owner the previously-vanished doubloon in payment for the replacement box. The shop owner put down his newspaper and accepted the coin, expecting the crew to leave soon after, but they didn't. And why was this? Because on the newspaper, which was turned to the classifieds section, there was a wanted ad for help solving a mystery! The Pirate Captain gasped in delight. \"My word! I've always wanted to solve a mystery! Look at this, me beauties -\" he said, addressing the rest of his crew, who had slowly trickled in due to boredom - \"I've found our next adventure!\" A few of the crew danced, some of them cheered, and all of them had a round of grog. The shop owner looked frazzled and gave them his best stop-mucking-about-and-leave-me-alone face. Unfortunately the pirates weren't the best at social cues, and they gave him a mug of grog to drink. The Pirate Captain read the wanted ad aloud for some of the pirates that couldn't read, emphasizing the words he found most emphasize-able. \"WANTED! Help Solving a Mystery. PRIZE AWARDED to Most Intriguing and Elaborate Explanation for the Missing SACRED OBJECT of Sir Anthony Nathan de Rothschild, 1st Baronet.\" The ad then gave directions to the address of Sir Anthony's estate in London. \"Plato's step-children! What on earth could it be?\" he said to the newspaper with an awed stare. \"Why don't you ask him?\" the shop owner said with a grimace, trying to take his newspaper back. The pirates stared at him questioningly. \"I heard someone saying my name earlier,\" said a quiet and dignified voice from behind the crew. They all turned around simultaneously to see a strapping man with a humble smile. \"Were one of you looking for me?\" \"I'm confused,\" said the pirate who voiced what everyone was thinking. \"It's not that hard to understand, you know,\" said the shop owner sniffily. \"This antique shop doubles as a printing press. It's why I've named it the Antique Shop slash Newspaper Printing Press. It's also why there's a giant newspaper printer machine next to me.\" He motioned to the massive machine with raised eyebrows, making it clear that he thought they were stupid. \"Sir Anthony here just had me print his wanted ad and I was looking over the paper to check for errors.\" \"Speaking of, I think it would be best to write the ad in French, seeing as we're in France right now,\" said Sir Anthony with an apologetic scratching at his nose, which the pirates noted as very endearing. At his suggestion the shop owner nodded and got to work changing all the e's and a's for é's and à's. \"If I may ask, why are you in France, Sir Anthony? Your address in the ad said you lived in London,\" the pirate with a scarf asked him, trying to sound as kind as ever since Anthony seemed like such a good gent. \"Thank you for your interest in my life. I'm working on the Chemin de Fer du Nord for my family business right now. Well, not right at this moment, as you can see I'm in the Antique Shop slash Newspaper Printing Press,\" he chuckled. The pirates chuckled along. \"I had meant to put in this ad so much earlier, but none of the other printing presses have such a good deal on wanted ads.\" He said this last part mainly to himself. In this moment, the Pirate Captain found a way to turn the conversation to himself, and did so. \"You know,\" said the Pirate Captain, \"I'm a pirate captain.\" He closed his eyes smugly and waited for a gasp and ooh. Instead he received a silent but interested smile from Sir Anthony and a collective stare from his crew, who already knew the whole pirate captain thing. The Pirate Captain cleared his throat awkwardly. \"That is to say, I'm known for two things: eating ham and solving mysteries. Oh, well, and ransacking the Royal Navy. Also I'm quite good at crochet. So I'm known for four things, and one of them applies to you. And Tony, me and my crew want to help you find your sacred object doohickey.\" Sir Anthony clasped his hands together joyfully at this news. \"Fantastic! Fantastic! I had no idea someone would try to solve the mystery so soon.\" \"Yes, well, I hope you realize I'm a very spontaneous and interesting person, so of course I would happen to come across this mystery, and thereby be able to solve it for you.\" \"I whole-heartedly agree.\" \"Oh, stop,\" the Pirate Captain said demurely. He turned to the pirate with a scarf and whispered, \"Boy, this is a fine fellow. Great judge of character. And I would know.\"[Chapter 4] \"Alright, men,\" Sir Anthony said with reserved command, \"I deduce you'd like to know just what you'll be looking for.\" He smiled and brought his hand to his mouth to suppress a little laugh. \"I feel like a detective myself right now. Deducing things. How exciting!\" He excused himself politely and continued. \"As I was saying, what I've lost is a piece of parchment that's very important to me. It's about the size of…\" He looked around the room to try and find a comparable object. \"Ah. Here. It's approximately half the size of this page of newspaper,\" he said, giving it to the pirates so they could measure later if they would like to. The shopkeeper was so happy to be in the ever-friendly presence of Sir Anthony, he didn't even flinch about some of his fine newspaper having been taken from him. Sir Anthony was just that angelic. \"What does the parchment say?\" the albino pirate piped up, peeking from behind the pirate with a scarf's shoulder. \"Thank you ever so much for asking. What fine attention to detail you have, young sir.\" Sir Anthony gave him a light pat on the shoulder, causing the albino to beam like the sun over the sea. \"The parchment is almost entirely blank, except for three columns of numbers written in the middle of the page.\" The pirate crew muttered to each other excitedly. \"Oh, and I almost forgot to mention, the edges of the parchment are well-worn. It's been passed down through my family for a few generations, after all. So when you find it, please handle it carefully in case it should rip.\" The pirate crew muttered to each other even more excitedly. Both rounds of muttering will be explained soon. \"You mentioned in the article that we would…\" the pirate who remembered things relatively easily began, before peering at the article again, \"…we would have to have an 'intriguing and elaborate explanation' for finding your parchment. So, uh… Why is that, then?\" \"I just enjoy fascinating stories. To be honest,\" he said in a stage whisper, \"it doesn't have to be what actually happened, as long as it's a thrilling tale.\" He smirked a bit as he waved away his sentence. \"Now, then, I must be off. I have to get back to my duties at my family business. Thank you, gents, I wish you luck and I hope to hear back from you, er, if not another person who read the ad, soon. Ta!\" Sir Anthony walked briskly at the door as every pirate watched him go. He seemed to be perfect in every way. Even his arse was perfect, every pirate noted privately. \"What a nice arse,\" said the pirate who voiced what everyone was thinking. ","Summary":" \"The best bit about magic,\" said the pirate with gout, \"is the sparkles.\" \"That's way off,\" a"},{"Movie":"Winnie the Pooh","Title":"To Love a Roo","Author":"PBSfan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13134380","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The morning sun shone brightly in the Hundred Acre Wood, and danced its way around the trees and into the homes of Christopher Robin's friends. It shone particularly into a tall tree, with a round window in the highest floor. The room was plain and simple, and it was warm and tender. In this room, lived a young little joey named Roo. Although, he wasn't really a young joey anymore. He had grown, and had become a strong, handsome, very big kangaroo. But in the eyes of those who knew him, he was still a young one. He was still playful, still silly, and still full of energy. All of his friends said he was a wonderful person to know. He was friendly, polite, and very nice. The perfect model of a good, noble kangaroo. Roo woke up on his wooden bed, and he was slightly groggy. As he rubbed the sleep from his eyes, he looked around at the room he slept in. He'd been in this room since he was very small, and he loved it. Though the bed was no longer the little bed he nestled in as a child, it was still a great one. Although he didn't have to climb on to the stool anymore, he still loved to sit on it and enjoy the sunlight. Although it seemed much smaller than it used to, he still felt the comforting, peaceful languidness of the simple little room. To him, it was beautiful and perfect. As he stood up, and changed from his pajamas into his blue T-shirt, he started down the steps of the pleasant home. That T-shirt was based on the one he had worn as a child. He always loved how he looked in bright, robin's egg blue, and he loved the feel of the soft, homemade cotton. Roo hadn't changed much from when he was a little joey. Roo walked softly, slowly down the wooden steps, holding onto the railing, and when he reached the bottom of the stairs, he found himself in the living room of the house. Roo looked around and could sense the love and nurturing feeling all around the entire house. It was a precious, treasured feeling that gave him comfort. He looked into the kitchen, and saw standing there the one who brought him all this love. \"Hello dear,\" Said a voice. Soft and kind, it was a beautiful voice. It was the voice of his mother Kanga. Kanga was a warm, loving, affectionate mother. The kind of mother anyone would ever ask for. The kind of mother who could fill an entire tree with a feeling of peace and warmth. A mother whose affections could be felt throughout a person's entire surroundings. A perfect mother, truly. Kanga had raised her son into the kangaroo he was today, and she was responsible for the kindness of her son. She was nurturing and protective, caring and understanding, soothing and calming. She brought a sense of perfect happiness that no one could match. And she made Roo feel perfectly safe and confident. The kind of love that knows no limits. An endless love that could go beyond love, and hold a person's soul in its arms. That kind of love was miraculous, the embodiment of beauty. What could ever be better? \"Hi mama.\" Roo said sweetly, as he sat down at the kitchen table. As he sat down he could hear the sizzling and crackling of oil in a frying pan, and smelled the scent of pancakes. \"I made you some pancakes Roo,\" said Kanga, as she began to serve them. She had also made him bacon which she slowly served on the plate beside the pancakes. She lifted the plate from off of the counter top, and walked over to the table where her son was sitting. As she walked over, the smile on her lips and the sparkle in her eyes both made Roo smile. He could see the care in everything she did, as she served the laid the breakfast on the table, and took her seat across from him, staring at him, still smiling. Roo began to eat his pancakes, and he ate them ravenously and happily. He ate them very fast, and his mother let a light chortle out as he did this. \"Oh Roo, slow down dear.\" Roo gave an adorable smile with his cheeks full of pancakes, and chewed slightly quicker so he could speak. As he swallowed with a great gulp, he said \"I'm hungry mama.\" Somehow when he said that, Kanga's heart filled with warmth and happiness. Roo had stayed so similar to how he was when he was small. Kanga loved that her son was still her son, and that now, when he had finally grown up, he was just the same. She had watched him grow and become more mature every day, and she always wondered what he would be like when he was a big kangaroo. She watched him become sweeter, and kinder, and more good every day. And she was proud. She thought the world of her son. She enjoyed watching him eat his food, and the joy in his eyes and on his face made her feel so special. She knew it wasn't the food that made him so happy. Roo finished eating his breakfast and wiped his mouth with a napkin. \"Thank you mama,\" came the reply, \"thank you so much.\" The tenderness in his voice was evident, as his eyes squinted with love and emotion. Both kangaroos, moved almost to tears, were brought together at that moment. The simple breakfast had brought a feeling of pure, unequaled love, unable to be explained or defined. But perfect. It brought Roo all the memories of care and selflessness that his mother had shown him his whole life. And at that moment, he knew just how loved he was. Kanga arose from her chair, and walked over to Roo. She wrapped her loving arms around her little joey, and said \"Oh my Roo, my wonderful, beautiful son.\" And she held on to him tightly, as he sat, still in his chair, snuggling in his mother's gentle arms. \"Oh mama, I love you.\" He said, sounding very much like a little child. As he snuggled with her, he looked up into her warm face. Her affection was so pure, so pristine, so beautiful. And as he looked in her eyes, he noticed something. Her once smooth eyes had become worn and creased with wrinkles, her soft cheeks had become slightly thin and also creased, her once bright eyes had a dim glow of tiredness, and her once firm arms had become weak and delicate. As Roo had grown strong and mature, his mother was also growing. But his mother was growing old. Long past the days when she had become a beautiful, energetic kangaroo, healthy and big, she had left behind the days when she was strong, and when she had first become Roo's mother, and had grown slower and older, still beautiful, still lovely, but older. Suddenly, as Kanga kissed him on the forehead, with all the love she could, a worrying fear arose in Roo's heart. He suddenly felt alone, and empty, and cold. He frowned, as his mother walked back to her seat. \"Roo? What's the matter dear?\" \"Oh, I'm just...worried mama.\" \"Worried about what dear?\" \"I don't know.\" Roo felt that one day, he would no longer have the one who gave him the love his soul so needed. The love that healed him when he was sad, nourished him when he was lonely, and cared for him when he was in want of comfort. He worried that a day would come when he was alone, and that he would be alone forever. He worried that every day, that day came closer. He knew it would be a while, a long while, but nothing lasted forever...or did it? He wasn't sure. \"It's all right dear, I'm here ,\" Kanga said, trying to comfort her beloved son. \"I know mama,\" he said sullenly, \"I know.\" He walked out of his chair, and out the door to enjoy the day and the sunlight. The sun had risen high, and it was glorious to see. What would he do? He asked himself. How would he find the love his heart needed on that day? On the day his mother left him? Kanga worried about this very thing for years. What could she do? How could she help him? How could her love truly never end? Kanga reminded herself that she showed him love throughout all his life, and if he really was alone, somehow, some way, her love would stay, because really, love never does end. But as they were soon to find out, both mother and son, is that sometimes, love can come to you in many different ways. Ways that no one can make come, but finds you right when you need it.[Chapter 2] Roo walked around the back yard of the house he shared with his mother. He thought about all the precious memories kept there. He remembered so many moments of joy, and happiness, and love. Memories he would cherish in his heart forever. Roo began to feel a bit more light, and a bit more peaceful, and a bit more glad. He walked around to the front of the house, and looked back toward the window on the right of the door. He noticed his mother washing the dishes after breakfast. He turned, and smiled. Off to go take a walk in the Woods. He figured this would be a relaxing day to think and be alone with his thoughts. He had no clue what might happen, but he felt that he needed to have this. Roo so wished that his mother could always be by his side, always be there to have a shoulder to rest upon, and a healing, caring word of kindness to wipe his tears away. Oh how he loved her. He wanted to think about her today for a long time. Far from here, on the other side of a long way of the Hundred Acre Wood, a young kangaroo was enjoying the day, picking flowers. Her name was Aggie. Aggie loved the spot where she was. She always had since she was little. She loved her strolls along the dirt path into the forest. ","Summary":" The morning sun shone brightly in the Hundred Acre Wood, and danced its way around the trees and in"},{"Movie":"Winnie the Pooh","Title":"The Fall of Hundred Acre Empire","Author":"lol-so-original","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12558072","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Fall of the Hundred Acre Empire The food stores were low again. Or actually, Pooh couldn't even recall the last time the cellar was well stocked. It seemed so long ago, like a few weeks after the night of October 1st when Christopher Robin, now a teenager, sat Pooh down in his tree house, now a little more sleek and modern in fashion. The old bear could still remember his best friend's face on that breezy night; Christopher looked a bit sullen, staring down mournfully into his cup of tea, barely speaking to his bear friend except to bring up short, failed conversations about the weather, and how his week was. The atmosphere sent an unfamiliar awkward, uncomfortable tingle through Pooh's spine. Christopher has never been so quiet. Especially not to him. \"Christopher, you look a bit down.\" Pooh had said, his voice full of concern. An awkward silence fell upon the room. \"No, no..\" Christopher Robin replied, obviously not feeling okay. He put his cup of tea down, his hand shaking with anxiety that Pooh could feel so strongly. \"I'm not down.\" \"Then why do you sulk? Are you sick? Do you want me to get more tea? Oh bother, maybe I should fetch some honey from home as well... I'll be right back.\" Christopher put up a hand to stop his bear friend. \"No, I'm not sick, Pooh.\" He tried to muster a fake smile. \"Here, you want a biscuit? I made them myself.\" Pooh took one, nodding, and bit into it. He licked every last crumb off his paw with gusto, and took that can of soda Christopher had out for some reason and washed it down. That biscuit was good. Pooh looked past his soda can... Christopher looked unusually sad again. He looked closer. This wasn't the temporary sadness that Christopher had back when he was a small child and had to leave for school for the first time. That sadness faded so long ago! It took a while, but Pooh and the others finally got themselves to entertain themselves for about six to seven hours until their human companion arrived home in the late afternoon. It got especially easier when Christopher had one day brought home a \"tablet\" and a \"laptop\"(Tigger and Roo had since then become gamers and hogged those two devices every hour of the day, or until Kanga took it away). No, it wasn't that sadness at all. It was deeper, like he'd lost something, and the loss penetrated his heart deeply. \"Pooh?\" \"Yes, Christopher.\" \"I just want you to know that you were my very best friend.\" Something in that sentence hit Pooh like he had ran into a brick wall at the speed of sound. It began to tighten around his heart, causing it to ache. But he wasn't sure why. \"Yes, Christopher?\" Pooh answered, loyally. Christopher brushed his long brown hair out of his face. The bear was surprised to see that there was even more sadness in his big brown eyes. Who knew eyes could carry the most emotion? Some of the sadness was starting to leak out as well. Pooh got up from his chair with a grunt of effort and wiped away the salty liquid with a friendly smile. \"I will remember and cherish every special moment we had together. Even the not so great ones.\" the boy whispered, his voice cracking. \"I want you to tell the others this, and I'll give you a note to read for them too.\" Pooh stood there, a bit confused. Christopher is so distraught that he forgot that Pooh doesn't know how to read. Oh well, he thought. He let his best friend continue. \"You know those classmates of mine that I have in high school? They say it's not right for a boy of my age to still play with bears and tiggers and piglets and eeyores.\" \"Oh, but Christopher!\" Pooh gasped, clapping his paws to his mouth in shock. \"I thought we told you that those... 'classmates' of yours just have too much fluff in their brains to open up their minds.\" Pooh felt his voice unusually harden. \"Those jerks don't know what they're talking about.\" The boy snapped back, \"Really? I've been getting bullied since seventh grade. Last night, Trevor and his gang beat me real good on my way home. That's been happening so frequently now. I can't even show my face at school anymore without anyone calling me a \"furry\", whatever that is. I can't live like this anymore, Pooh. I just can't.\" Pooh stood in shocked silence, his heart hurting. Was his truest friend really going there? No, Christopher couldn't just throw away his best friends like trash. Not after all they've been through. Then he remembered the time Christopher brought Piglet(who was small enough to hitchhike in his backpack) to middle school, and Piglet came back content, compared to the time Piglet stowed away to go with Christopher to his first day of high school, despite their boy's complaints. Piglet came back crying. According to the trembling swine, he was just playing a small game of Candy Crush(his favorite game) on Christopher's phone and browsing his Instagram when he felt the bag jerk violently into a hard metal surface. He poked his head out, about to snap at Christopher for not being careful enough, when he found out that a group of unfamiliar pairs of hands were rummaging recklessly in the pockets. Piglet was nearly kidnapped and torn apart alive by the boy Christopher called Trevor. Since then, no Hundred Acre Wood citizens were allowed to hitchhike, which made sense. Perhaps Christopher just wanted them to hide? \"I'm going to have to leave this place.\" Christopher blurted out. Pooh fell back into his chair. \"Excuse me? We've come so far! Look, it was just nine, ten, twelve of us back when you were ten, and now look at the Wood. We're practically a whole city now, how do you expect us to continue life without you?\" Outside the window, was in fact, not an empty forest anymore, but a bustling, glowing city of tree houses. Over the years, more friends migrated to the Wood, expanding their industrial side until it was just like the place known as New York City in America. Why would Christopher want to leave? There was much to stay for! \"I mean it, Pooh. This isn't some late April Fools prank. I'm leaving. Rabbit will be mayor. He can pick the government from there.\" Christopher paused, scribbling something on a paper. He handed it to Pooh before calling two security guards to escort Pooh back home. Christopher was never seen again. But like their former leader said, Rabbit became the mayor, and everything ran smoothly, as normal, if not better, as it was before. But five days after Rabbit was brought into office, he was reported dead with a gunshot wound to the head, chest and stomach. A shady looking fellow, Henry(a pig and Rabbit's second in command), became mayor, but immediately changed his title to Emperor and suddenly the Hundred Acre Wood became the Hundred Acre Empire. It was utter h*** after that. Henry divided the city into eight different sectors that represented eight different industries(Farming, Oil, Manufacturing, Electricity, Mining, Medicine, Fishing and Water Supply), and made them all work non-stop, everyday. Even children three years old and above had to start working. Pooh, who was now in the Farming Sector, never remembered a single day where he didn't go hungry. In the Farming Sector, the other Sectors were of higher priority when it came to food distribution. So Farmers always got minimum shares of the food they make. Sometimes they got nothing at all and starved. Henry was a cruel emperor, that's for sure. Snapping back to the present, Pooh felt a light tapping on his thinning shoulder. It was Piglet, who was in the Medicine Sector. Tigger(Fishing) was laying on a hay bale, coughing violently, covered in bloody bandages. \"Pooh, I don't have anymore Comfort Leaves anymore.\" Piglet whimpered. \"He's starting to feel pain again, and I can't go on with the healing if he feels pain. Do you have any?\" Pooh dug around in his dusty gray overalls, and pulled out five spiky evergreen leaves. Piglet muttered his thanks and sprinted back toward Tigger, who was groaning in agony. Pooh tried not to look, but there was no escape. Out the corner of his beady black eyes, he saw mangled orange and black striped fur bleeding out rapidly. For Tigger, this was actually a normal occurence, as he and his fishing crew were forced to fish for the largest, most vicious fish in the oceans, the Sherk. But this time, a Sherk had gotten a huge part of his hind paw. Of course, you would expect Tigger to bleed stuffing, because he's a stuffed animal, but since Christopher Robin left, the citizens slowly became flesh and bone, only adding to Emperor Henry's bloodthirst. He continued to search the cellar for any sign of any food at all, but all he could muster up was a small chunk of stale, moldy green bread, a dusty french fry, and a bean. Piglet looked at him, dismayed. But everything became dismaying now. Honey soon became rare until supplies ran out and the luxurious sticky liquid was no longer sold in the small, dirty grocery stores they had. That was one of the worst days of Pooh's life. \"Oh my goodness!\" Kanga's voice gasped from the entrance of the cellar. Pooh could only stare as Kanga rushed over to her husband and tearfully fussed over his mangled leg. \"What happened?\" she demanded. \"Sherk attack. The oil tanks on the ship exploded too.\" Piglet replied shakily, almost tearing up himself. \"He's lucky to even be alive at this point, but I think I'm gonna have to... um, amputate his right leg, knee down.\" Kanga let out a cry of anguish and buried her face in Tigger's chest. Piglet gulped back his own cry of anguish and dabbed a dirty wet washcloth on the forehead of Tigger, who was barely awake. He had stopped groaning in pain now. Pooh turned away, his head lowered, and he saw Roo standing at the entrance, gaping in shock at his step-father's condition. \"P-pooh?\" Roo squeaked, his eyes growing big and watery. \"What does amputate mean?\" \"You'll find out very soon.\" Pooh whispered gently. He wasn't about to go and dump the gruesome truth on innocent, pure Roo. Then he saw the gleam of the amputation saw. \"Erm, let's go out now, shall we?\" They walked out of the cellar, and sat down on the burnt grass above it, looking down on their ruined city. The once beautiful trees were burned down, cut down, and replaced with giant gloomy metal factories and ash-sprinkled apartments. Eeyore, was in fact, in one of the factories right now, working his usual Manufacturer's job, alongside Owl and Gopher. \"Pooh?\" Roo whispered. \"I liked it a lot better when Rabbit was Mayor.\" \"So did I, Roo.\" Pooh replied glumly. \"I wish we could do something about it. We should kill the Emperor. That'll get rid of this terrible place forever.\" Pooh, who would have argued if he was still himself, found himself saying, \"Yes, Roo. We should.\"[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 A small blue gray-ish silhouette emerged from the edge of the dusky brown hill. Eeyore was home. The tired, old gray donkey gave a grunt of greeting and thrust his dirty brown saddlebag into the usual corner. Ash from the factories that have settled onto it erupted into the already contaminated air, and everyone coughed violently. Piglet looked at the time on their rickety stove that looked about to burst into flames. \"My goodness, Eeyore! Ten thirty, it is.\" the pig exclaimed. \"What's happened?\" Eeyore snorted indifferently. \" 'Nother accident at the factory. That fool, Remus Rooster; he couldn't handle a simple remote control even if there was just a single red button to drop things into the melting pot.\" Pooh noticed the new fresh scars on Eeyore's flank. Remus Rooster, a rather incompetent coworker of Eeyore's, often caused accidents at the factory where they made firearms and bombs for the military. Pooh and his gang still couldn't understand why the Emperor didn't execute the poor rooster already. Not that they wanted that to happen, of course. But normally, incompetent folks that couldn't work properly were often summoned by Emperor, never to return. As Piglet served Eeyore the barely substantial dinner of a quarter of that moldy bread that Pooh had found earlier that evening, Pooh distracted himself with Roo, sitting at the table with his parents, gawking in wonder at Tigger's shiny new leg. The little kangaroo asked his stepfather repeatedly, \"What's that? Why's it there?\" only to get a quiet whisper of a reply, \"You'll know when you're older.\" from Tigger. Pooh wasn't surprised that Tigger wasn't showing his irritation at his stepson's bugging. Tigger wasn't one to explode in anger and scold. Of course, Tigger got annoyed at times(on some occasions he'd complain to Kanga about the shortage of fish before excusing himself to go to bed early), but he never took it out on Roo. Never. \"Hey, Pooh.\" Kanga's quiet, wispy voice called, interrupting Pooh's thoughts. \"Yeah?\" \"How's the Farming going? The weather okay?\" Pooh shuddered. The weather wasn't great at all. In fact, it was horrific. The crops were dying, and there was constant floods in the valley where he worked, killing about thirty workers a week. \"Could be better.\" he replied simply. \"Ah. That's...\" Kanga trailed off, not finishing her sentence. She looked down at her bowl of what Piglet, almost tearfully, claimed to be beef soup. But to Pooh, it looked like twigs in an unpleasant bubbling concoction of some weird stinky brown sauce and fake beef(some of their citizens were considered livestock so their meat is completely artificially made). If Rabbit were still alive, Pooh probably would have refused it. But in this time, food was food. Even an ash-crusted tree root would have been considered edible as everyone was desperate enough. Pooh took a spoonful and stifled a gag. It reeked of expired milk and smoke, but he forced himself to swallow anyway. It was just what he had to do if he wanted to live. Eeyore went on with his rant about today's explosion at the weapons factory. Apparently, Remus stepped on a big red button that nobody was supposed to touch, and the melting pot exploded violently, spraying lava-hot liquid all over the workers. Eeyore, who was fortunately far away enough to only get a few burns on his right flank, was deemed well enough to help clean up, which was why he was three hours late. Owl, on the other hand, was taken into the city hospital, a dinky place with grimy beds and rickety equipment. \"Oh goodness!\" Piglet gasped. \"I hope Owl lives!\" \"I dunno, Piglet,\" Eeyore replied in his old and familiar gloomy voice. \"those burns were pretty bad.\" \"How bad?\" Pooh asked. He had nothing else to do. Eeyore looked at him with pure grief in his eyes. \"His wings... they were so... withered. I couldn't even recognize him!\" Pooh tried to imagine Owl, unconcious on the gray tiled floor, so burnt to the point where he was almost no more than a pile of withered feathers and raw flesh. Tigger didn't say anything, but he stared at them like he was going to murder. Slightly disturbed by the anger and frustration radiating off of Tigger's gaze, they all sat in silence, slowly swallowing their beef soup. Pooh regretted not eating it so fast; it tasted even worse cold. Now it tasted like ice, spoiled milk, ash, and cow feces was mixed together terribly in a rusty blender. But he ate it anyway. Once again, food is food. Then Tigger spoke. His lips were curled back into a rare snarl. \"I'm going to bed.\" Then the next thing they knew, Tigger was trudging up the stairs, his once bouncy tail waving mournfully behind him. \"Mama?\" Roo whimpered to Kanga. \"Dad's been real... I dunno, unhappy, lately? What happened?\" Kanga cupped her paws around her son's dismayed face. \"Well, he just got his leg amputated. He's probably just tired, but don't worry! I'm sure your father is gonna be okay by tomorrow.\" \"I sure hope so.\" Pooh couldn't help but feel nostalgic from Roo's returning innocent voice that the youngest member of the Robin family once had before the Empire of the Sectors hardened his demeanor. \"I just wish Emperor Henry would just die!\" Roo blurted out. The dining room went silent, except for Roo's protests. \"If he wasn't Emperor, we wouldn't be like this. If he wasn't Emperor, Dad wouldn't have lost his leg! If he wasn't Emperor, Rabbit would still be alive...\" Rabbit's name hadn't been spoken in about a decade. One reason was because Henry prohibited it. The other was because Rabbit's loss was one that the Robin family of animals would never get over completely. Now that it was being mentioned, Pooh and the others were left in shock. \"Roo! Don't ever talk like that again!\" Kanga snapped sternly. \"You know we don't speak Rabbit's name.\" Then the mother kangaroo turned her furious glare to Pooh. \"You've been teaching him this stuff.\" It was partly true. Pooh was always the one wanting to bring an end to Emperor Henry. He even talked about it openly with his family. But no where in his memory did he talk about Rabbit. \"Pooh and I want to start a rebellion, and-\" Roo exclaimed. \"No, Roo. That's not true.\" Pooh said anxiously, smiling nervously at Kanga. Kanga was beyond livid now. \"I can't believe you've been teaching my son this! Roo, I don't want to hear from your teacher that you've been talking about a rebellion to your classmates. Ever. And Pooh, please stop talking about a rebellion. It's never going to happen. I'll make sure of that. I will not let my only son risk his precious life.\" Piglet and Eeyore stared at Pooh, then looked down at the floor. Kanga huffed and whipped her tail as she stomped up the stairs to go to bed. And that's how their dinner ended. It was now 11:00 p.m. and Pooh was tucking Roo into bed. \"Poor Eeyore. He'll only have about twenty minutes of sleep.\" Pooh tried to joke. It was true, though. If one was in the Manufacturing Sector, their expected work hours were from 11:30 p.m to 7:00 p.m the following day. Poor Eeyore just flopped down on their musty sofa to get in as much sleep in that twenty minutes he had before he had to head out again, back to the factories. \"Yeah.\" Roo sighed, still shaken from his mother's scolding. \"Hey, tomorrow's the weekend,\" Pooh said, still trying to keep things positive. \"wanna help Piglet with the medicines tomorrow? It's not as boring as it sounds.\" \"Yeah, I know.\" Roo snapped. \"I've done it before.\" The little kangaroo pulled over his tattered blue blanket and huffed, \"I wanna sleep now. Goodnight.\" Pooh nodded and hummed a bit before heading out the door to his own room. As he walked down the dark hallway to his own room at the end, he skimmed past the others. Piglet was just turning out his light, Eeyore was downstairs, and Pooh looked into Kanga and Tigger's room. The couple looked peaceful. It was hard to remember the murdereous look on Tigger's face and Kanga's livid expression. Then that made Pooh wonder, \"Would Tigger want a rebellion?\" He came to the conclusion that he'll ask Tigger when Kanga's out shopping the next day. Reaching his own bed, he thought of also asking Piglet and Eeyore about a rebellion. Then as he fell asleep, a grin crossed his face. He was going to start a rebellion. A/N: Urgh I'm tired. It's like 3:13 in the morning right now so I better sleep now, but sorry if this isn't my best work 'cause I'm just really tired. I might rewrite this chapter after I finish the story. Oh and I'll try update every Sat/Sun from now on, so... yeah. ","Summary":" The Fall of the Hundred Acre Empire The food stores were low again. Or actually, Pooh couldn't even"},{"Movie":"Winnie the Pooh","Title":"Taking Care of You","Author":"HTTYD Frozen Forever","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11014793","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This takes place after \"Winnie the Pooh\" movie in 2011. It had started out as a warm, sunny day in the Hundred Acre Wood, which was odd for the time of the year. Pooh and Christopher Robin were playing hide and seek and having a great time, but it all changed very quickly. Christopher was looking for Pooh by the river when his foot got stuck in a root, causing his leg to twist and break before he fell into the river. \"Ah! Christopher screamed in a mixture of pain and terror as he got swept down stream by the strong current, barely gripping at the bridge, \"Someone! Help! Pooh, who heard Christopher's screams bolted from his hiding place in the bushes nearby and reached out for Christopher's free hand, \"Take my hand, Christopher!\" \"I'm trying!\" Christopher reached as far as he could and linked hands with Pooh. Fortunately, Kanga, Roo, Tigger and Rabbit were close by and saw the commotion, before joining Pooh in pulling Christopher from the river. \"Are you alright, Christopher?\" Kanga took him to a nearby tree to rest against. \"No,\" Christopher weeped softly as he panted, \"I think my leg is broken. Kanga quickly examined the wound and concluded it was broken before taking two straight sticks and untying Christopher's already loosened tie and went to work on fashioning a splint. Christopher screamed in pain as the splint pressed the bone back together, but was relieved when it was over. \"Thank you, Kanga,\" Christopher weakly smiled at her as she helped him to stand. Rabbit had found a mattress and tied ropes to it so they could get Christopher to his home. After some time, they finally got Christopher home and called him a doctor to properly get treated. After some waiting, the doctor left and Christopher had a cast on his leg, not really the best way to start off your vacation, thankfully his clothes were now dry, save for the tie and shoes, and he was wrapped in a blanket in bed, being nursed with chicken noodle soup from Kanga. \"Are you any better, Christopher?\" pooh crawled onto the bed and hugged him around his lanky frame. \"I'll be fine, Pooh,\" Christopher smiled weakly. \"Would some honey make you feel better?\" Pooh licked his lips. Christopher chuckled, \"Silly old bear,\" and planted a kiss on Poohs forehead before falling asleep after a few minutes. Pooh and the others remained there, sleeping either on the bed, carpet or the cushioned windowsill. And Pooh remained cuddled in Christopher's arms. More to come.[Chapter 2] According to the Disney Wiki, Christopher Robin Was born in the fall of 1978, so I know it isn't really present in Winnie the Pooh, but I will be adding TVs and radios. The next morning, Christopher awoke to the scent of bacon, sausage and eggs coming from his kitchen. He looked about and noticed Kanga and Rabbit were not present and Kanga's unmistakeable humming came from the kitchen, making him smile. Kanga had always been like a mother to him and now, even with a broken leg, she was still their for him. \"Morning, Christopher.\" Kanga came in with a tray of food, followed by Rabbit, who was handling another tray with several cups and bowls on it. \"Morning, Kanga,\" Christopher replied, \"Morning Rabbit.\" \"Morning to you too,\" Rabbit ruffled Christopher's hair lightly after placing the tray down, \"I took the liberty of putting a pillow under your broken leg.\" \"Thanks Rabbit,\" Christopher smiled, \"You two always know what to do.\" Kanga and Rabbit nodded appreciatively and it was then that Christopher felt himself shiver. \"Here, sweety,\" Kanga pulled out Christopher's yellow turtle neck and helped him to remove his uniform and pull on the turtleneck instead, \"Better?\" \"Yeah,\" Christopher replied, \"I feel nice and warm now.\" \"Good,\" Kanga kissed his cheek, \"After yesterday's incident, we don't want you catching a cold too.\" \"There was a blizzard last night,\" Rabbit added, \"We feared the cold might get in and give you a cold too.\" At this, Rabbit moved the curtains to reveal the window was blocked by snow. \"Oh my,\" Christopher gasped. \"Is their any way to get out?\" \"Yes,\" Kanga replied, \"The upstairs window allows us to get in and out should we need to.\" \"Thank goodness,\" Christopher sighed as Kanga rested him back down and fed him, causing him to blush in slight embarrassment. As Kanga fed him, the other animals awoke. \"Good morning, Cristopher,\" everyone greeted. \"Morning,\" He happily replied. \"How are you this morning, Christopher? \"I'm fine, Pooh,\" Christopher hugged him, \"My leg feels a bit better today.\" \"That's excellent,\" Pooh hugged his old friend, \"Soon we can play again.\" \"Exactly,\" Christopher replied Later, following breakfast, Christopher just sat in his bed, quite bored as he was unable to stand, let alone play. \"Is there something wrong, Christopher?\" Pooh crawled onto the bed and tugged the sleeve of Christopher's turtle neck. \"Yeah, I'm fine Pooh,\" Christopher patted his friend's head, \"I'm just bored.\" \"Excuse me?\" pooh looked confused, but what is this \"bored\" you speak of?\" Christopher chuckled lightly. \"Being bored is when you have nothing to do,\" Christopher informed Pooh, \"Like, when it's too rainy to do anything and you just sit around, doing nothing.\" \"Well, you don't have to worry much more,\" Rabbit smiled, \"We can watch the TV.\" At this, Rabbit flicked on the TV to a cartoon on an animated mouse. Christopher smiled at Rabbit and thanked him for bringing him some form of entertainment. As Christopher Robin chuckled at the characters on the TV, Pooh looked confused at the magic box. \"What's this?\" pooh asked. \"It's called a television,\" Christopher replied, \"It's a way to entertain people, especially when you can't go outside.\" \"Ah, I see,\" Pooh sat beside Christopher and watched the show, finding it quite entertaining, \"Who is the mouse?\" \"His name is Mickey,\" Christopher replied. And for the rest of the day, they enjoyed the adventures of Multiple TV icons before Kanga called them to dinner. As Kanga helped Christopher onto his feet to limp to the dinner table, he smiled at how everyone was being so helpful to him. \"Thank you everyone,\" Christopher eased into his seat, \"I couldn't ask for better friends than you.\" At this, the animals gathered around Christopher and gave him a group hug. Christopher chuckled and embraced them all back, happy that they were always there for him. ","Summary":" This takes place after \"Winnie the Pooh\" movie in 2011. It had started out as a warm, sunny day i"},{"Movie":"Pirates! Band of Misfits","Title":"Adventures of Two Pirates","Author":"chill13","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9535112","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 1. An Adventure With a Pirate Thunk! The boy ignored the sound and continued writing. While is right hand expertly maneuvered the expensive feather pen his left absently fingered the bright red scarf that draped around his neck. His grandmother sent him one every year. She worried about the cold sea wind giving him a chill. Thunk! A frown creased his forehead as he stared down at the paper, trying to keep his train of thought on the tracks. Thunk! Clack! He heaved a sigh that was half exasperation half resignation as he rose from the oak desk. Pushing aside the lace curtains he opened the window and poked his head outside. \"Will you stop? Mother will hear you!\". He hissed as loud as he dared. One story below, right in the center of the flower bed stood a boy with red curls and a bright toothy grin. He dropped the large rock he had been about to throw. \"You're mother's deaf as a stump,\" he called back with an unconcerned wave, not bothering to lower his voice. \"And before you ask that penguin that answers your front door is out of the way too. Now come on! There's adventure to be had!\" The boy with the scarf sighed, sincerely disappointed. \"I can't. I'm studying.\" He still kept his voice low. The son of a colonel in His Majesty's Navy was hardly allowed to fraternize with the mongrel boy of a sailor and a barmaid. Even if that boy was his cousin. If his parents ever discovered this friendship their reaction would certainly not be one of understanding. \"Oh, studying too much will make you're head explode.\" The redheaded young man said with just a hint of annoyance. \"Besides...\" His smile widened and his voice took on a conspiritory tone as he held up a large shovel. \"Will studying ever make you rich beyond your wildest dreams?\" The boy with the scarf's eyes widened a bit. His family was already fairly wealthy and was among the upper middle class of the small port town. So it wasn't the prospect of wealth that made his spine tingle. His friend's words crackled with the promise of adventure. As always he couldn't resist. He glanced once over his shoulder before climbing out of the window. The boy with the scarf nervously eyed the sign as they passed it. It read: 'NO TRUSPASIN' in red, dripping letters that easily could have been painted in blood. Underneath a skull and crossbones clearly announced the consequences of anyone foolish enough to disregard the warning. \"Are you sure this is a good idea? They say he shoots at anyone who invades his land. I heard he even chased Doc Morgan away with a cutlass!\" \"This is a marvelous idea.\" The redhead marched confidently ahead without even a glance at the sign. \"And of course he shoots at people. He doesn't want them to find his treasure.\" \"What are we going to do if he catches us?\" It wasn't that the boy with the scarf was skittish. In fact he had a calm courage beyond his nine years. But unlike his friend he was cautious and the questions he was asking were perfectly logical ones. \"He won't catch us.\" Said the redheaded boy as he tripped over a tree root and fell flat on his face. He bounded back to his feet and continued on as if nothing had happened. \"The secret is stealth. But on the off chance that he does catch us we'll just use a simple combination of common reasoning and psychology. We'll just tell him that we know about his treasure and as he is an old man, who at the age of fifty is likely to die soon anyway, we would be happy to take that old treasure chest off his hands so he won't have to bother with it in his will.\" It sounded like a rather dubious escape plan to the boy with the scarf. But at least it was a plan. \"So how did you find out about this treasure, Captain?\" \"I was in the tavern.\" The boy lived with his mother in a small room above the local drinking establishment. So he spent much of his time helping serve drinks and listening to the gossip, fish stories and tall tales told by the patrons. It was also the place where, as a very headstrong toddler, he had earned the nickname 'Captain'. \"And I heard from a very reliable source that old Red Roy used to be a pirate!\" \"Really?\" Asked the boy with the scarf. He wasn't quite sure if any tavern goer could be called a 'reliable source'. The small harbor town was a relatively quiet place and its inhabitants mostly fishermen and sea loving gentry. And the harbor rarely got anything larger than the local fishing skiffs. So if this fellow was indeed a terror of the seven seas he was the most exciting person they had in their little village. \"Yep. And as a pirate he obviously has treasure. The whole idea of being a pirate is the treasure, you know. Well, that and not having to wash behind your ears. Pirate's mothers never tell them to wash behind their ears.\" He brushed some foliage aside as they continued through the wooded area. \"So how are we supposed to find this treasure?\" The boy with the scarf tugged at the leather bag that hung over his shoulder as it became caught on a passing bush. Hopefully that bag would be filled with loot by the end of the day. The Captain gave his friend a suspicious look as if wondering if he were really that stupid. But he quickly shrugged it off. \"I suppose you wouldn't know anything about pirates with your head filled with all that useless book learning. You're going to have to do some emptying in there if you want to make room for important things. It would be difficult. Learning things can be heard, but unlearning them is as easy as falling off a pier.\" The scarf-wearing boy frowned just a bit but didn't let the remark offend him. Instead he tried to keep his friend on topic—a very difficult thing to do at times. \"Um…so how are we going to find this treasure again?\" \"Everybody knows pirates hide their treasure under X's. Generally big read ones, unless the pirate in question's favorite color is green. Then it would probably be a green X.\" The redheaded boy prided himself on his knowledge of all things nautical. And pirates were the most nautical things he could think of, aside from anchors. Those were particularly nautical as well. The boy with the scarf wasn't exactly up on seafaring ways himself but he often wondered how accurate his friend's knowledge actually was. \"Okay.\" The boy with the scarf nodded, filing that information into his mind. \"Look for a red X.\" \"Or a green one. Or any color for that matter. Well, perhaps not pink. Only a lady pirate would hide treasure under a pink. X. And old Red Roy is certainly not a lady pirate.\" Just ahead the woods gave way and the two boys stopped gazing out at the clearing. The tall, unkept grass spanned from the tree line to an abrupt drop off and beyond sparkled the blue ocean. Right at the edge of the cliff, looking as if it were about to crumble into the sea was an old, lopsided pile of wood that if you squinted hard might pass for a small cabin. The boy with the scarf quirked one side of his mouth skeptically. \"If he has treasure why would he live there?\" The Captain stared at the old place, his hazel eyes sparkling. \"It's just a front, you see. Devilishly clever. I'll bet he's got a mansion underneath it somewhere!\" The boy with the scarf smiled a bit. \"I'm sure you're right, Captain.\" He seriously doubted there was anything under that shack but dirt. But it felt kind of cruel to say so when the Captain was so excited over the idea. \"Now, do you see any promising X's? Remember they're tricky little things and like to play hide and seek.\" The boy with the scarf surveyed the area, looking for anything that might mark buried treasure. He didn't see anything. \"Ah! There it is!\" The Captain strolled out into the open with no qualms about being seen. The boy with the scarf slunk behind him. \"Shouldn't we make sure he's not home first?\" \"Look at the place!\" He waved a hand toward the dilapidated building. \"Why would he be up here peeking out of windows in that old wreck when he's got a whole mansion down there.\" His hand lowered a bit, pointing to the ground beneath the cabin. \"I suppose you're right.\" They younger boy said, sounding far less than sure. \"Of course I'm right. And here's where we'll dig.\" The Captain reached his destination and motioned proudly to the ground where two branches crossed each other, sitting conspicuously in the grass. It did indeed look like an X. The bark on the limbs even had a reddish hue. The Captain shoved both hands on his hips and gave the boy with the scarf a pointed look. \"Well, don't just stand there like a slice of toast! Get to digging!\" The boy with the scarf smiled a bit as he stabbed the shovel into the dirt. The 'Captain's nickname suited him perfectly. He was never really rude about it but he had no qualms about bossing others around. He was a leader. That was for sure. The boy with the scarf had only been digging a few moments when the Captain rolled his eyes and snatched the shovel away. \"You wealthy school types really don't know how to do anything useful do you?\" The boy with the scarf frowned just a little. But he couldn't really argue. This was the first time he had ever used a shovel and he might very well have been doing it wrong. The truth was he was so thin and so light he hardly had any leverage to push the shovel blade. The Captain demonstrated the proper procedure, using his foot to push the blade into the thick soil. \"You really need to learn how to dig properly.\" He insisted. \"You just never know when you'll need a good hole.\" The scarf-wearing boy watched closely and listened as his friend listed all the virtues of a decent shovel. There was a rustle from behind and a shadow fell over them. The Captain was too busy digging to notice but the boy with the scarf whipped around with a gasp to see a giant of a man blocking out the sun before a huge meaty hand grabbed him around the waist, squeezing all the air from his lungs so quickly he couldn't even shout a warning. The Captain gasped and dropped his shovel as he was lifted off his feet, a giant hook where the man's hand should be piercing the collar of his red coat. The Captain struggled for a moment, dangling in midair, while the boy with the scarf kicked and squirmed with all his might. The mans voice was like thunder. \"What'er you two lubbers doin' digging up my land?!\" The Captain stopped struggling and tried to twist around to see the mountain that was holding him aloft. \"We…We heard you needed an outhouse out here and thought we'd save you the trouble of digging the hole.\" The pirate roared with laughter as loud as the waves in a storm. He clearly wasn't buying it. If they didn't get away he'd probably toss them both over that cliff over there. Struggling wasn't working so the boy with the scarf tried the next thing on the list. He bit down as hard as he could on the tan, hairy hand that gripped him. The pirate let out a lions roar and with a flick of his oak-like wrist sent the offender flying. The boy with the scarf tumbled through the air, collided head first with the nearest tree and crumpled bonelessly to the ground. The last thing he heard was a piercing shriek of \"No!\" from the Captain before everything went dark. Poke. \"He's not waking up. You've gone and broke him!\" Poke. \"Let him be. He'll be alright.\" Poke. \"You better be able to fix him. You can't replace a best friend, you know.\" Poke. \"Quit pokin' him, lad!\" The boy with the scarf awoke to a headache and the sensation of being stabbed in the chest with someone's finger. He blinked his eyes open to find a very blurry redheaded figure hovering over him. \"How many fingers am I holding up?\" The boy with the scarf blinked a few more times, his vision becoming gradually clearer. \"Um…three?\" The Captain looked at the fingers he was holding up, counted them himself and then grinned triumphantly. \"Right!\" \"Ye alright lad?\" The scarf-wearing boy sat up straight when he saw the huge mountain-of-a-man sitting near the end of the cot. His skin was tanned and weathered and a gigantic curly, chocolate-brown beard spanned from his face to halfway down his chest. A dangerous-looking hook, polished till it sparkled, topped the end of his right arm where his hand should be. Seemingly to balance it out his left leg ended just above the knee, replaced by a long wooden peg. \"Sorry, fer tossin' ye, boy. But ye startled me.\" He held up his hand and there was a clear red mark where the boy had bitten him. The boy with the scarf crinkled his nose a bit. The taste of hairy, sweaty pirate still lingered in his mouth. \" I startled you ?\" \"Don't judge me, boy. I don't fancy folks on me property. I was just tryin' to scare ye off.\" \"Because you're hiding a treasure, if I'm not mistaken?\" Asked the Captain, not the least bit intimidated by the man that was likely ten times his size. The big man squinted one eye dangerously. \"And what makes ye say that?\" \"You're a pirate.\" The Captain said matter-of-factly. \"All pirates have treasure. Don't tell me you didn't know that. What kind of treasure do you have, by the way? I'm particularly fond of rubies. They're red, aren't they? Red is my favorite color.\" Old Red Roy chuckled. \"By Neptune's knickers, every pirate should have treasure. And I've had plenty of treasure in me time.\" The boy with the scarf relaxed a little. With a smile, even though it was missing a few teeth, the man didn't seem quite as dangerous as he had before. \"But you haven't any now?\" He ventured to ask. \"You two lads want a ham sandwich?\" He bustled over to the one counter that made up his kitchen and pulled a huge, shiny cutlass out of nowhere and with two massive 'chops' that nearly split the counter in two he parted a couple of slices from a side of ham. Moments later he came back, handing each of the boys a plate. He sat down on the room's one chair and wiped the mustard from his saber. \"Thank you.\" The boy with the scarf said. The Captain took a huge bite and tried to speak around his food. \"So what's it like being a pirate?\" And he told them. He spun tales of the sea and the wind. Of ships, grand ships that crossed the oceans to places no man has ever seen. He told of islands and treasure maps and caves filled with mountains of gold. There were stories of sea battles, some won, some lost. He must have spoke for hours with the two boys hanging on his every word. The Captain's young face glowed, his eyes sparkling with these tales of adventure. Soon it was time to go home. But they returned to the old cabin every time they got the chance to hear more. And every time old Red Roy would have some new piratical tip. \"Every pirate needs a good nickname to strike fear in his enemies.\" And \"ham is a pirates best friend\" and \"Take care of your beard, lad. His beard is a pirate's pride and joy.\" Although the old pirate insisted he didn't like trespassers he always seemed delighted when the two boys came to visit. One day, after hearing a particularly exciting story from their pirate friend the two boys were walking home, side by side. The Captain stopped in his tracks, his brows lowered in thoughtful determination. \"You know. When I grow up, and I'm nearly there you know, I'm going to be a pirate! Why, I'll be the best pirate captain to ever sail the seven seas! There are seven of them aren't there? I'll have my own boat and my own crew. And by Neptune I'll have treasure too! Lots of that. And cannons! Every good pirate ship has cannons.\" He turned to the younger boy as something brilliant seemed to strike him. \"And you can be my first mate! Every pirate captain needs a first mate, you know.\" The boy with the scarf smiled. \"Where would we sail first, Captain?\" This is the first in a series of short stories about the Captain and Scarf's early friendship.[Chapter 2] Goodbye The boy with the Scarf hurried down the cobblestone street, looking over his shoulder now and then hoping his father hadn't seen him slip away. He couldn't be gone for long or he would be missed. It seemed to take forever to reach the docks and the tired old pub that hung at the edge of the harbor. The door creaked on rusty hinges as he pushed it open, praying that his friend would be there. \"Where in the name of Neptune's knickers have you been?\" Said a voice from behind. He let out a relived breath and turned around. Thank goodness he was here. The boy with the wavy red hair was known to most of the townsfolk as 'The Captain', a pet name given to him by the patrons of the little harbor pub where he did his best to help his mother wait tables. He shoved both hands on his hips and did his best to look put out. \"I've been throwing rocks at your window for a week. I was about ready to storm the house and break you out. I even had the gunpowder ready and all.\" \"I was grounded.\" The boy with the scarf explained hurriedly. \"I don't have much time. I have to tell—\" \"Ah. Grounded. I've heard of it before. Sounds dreadful. So how was Kingdom Come?\" The younger boy looked puzzled. \"You remember. After our Adventure With the Fireworks your father said if he ever saw you near me again he would tan your hide from here to Kingdom Come. I'm beginning to think he's not particularly fond of me. Was it a good trip?\" The scarf-wearing boy rolled his eyes and sighed. \"Not particularly. But listen-\" \"Pity.\" And with that he instantly changed subjects. \"Now I was thinking if we could borrow Mrs. Miller's cat, a bottle of cod liver oil and your mother's dressing gown-\" \"I can't.\" The boy with the Scarf said quietly. \"Well, if not your mother's dressing gown we could do with your father's underpants. You see-\" \"I'm going away.\" The boy with the scarf interrupted he had to explain before he ran out of time. \"Well, be back before next Wednesday.\" The Captain said, completely unconcerned. \"The fellow who owns the Flounder Inn is due to shave his beard and you can't miss that.\" \"I'm not coming back.\" The young redhead stiffened, eyeing his friend suspiciously as if not quite sure he was being serious. \"You can give people indigestion by saying things like that.\" \"My father's sending me to boarding school. I tried to talk him out of it. But after what happened he wouldn't listen to me.\" For years his parents would warn him to watch his friends. 'Play with the nice boys' they would say. 'And stay away from that mongrel son of a barmaid'. His cousin may have been the part of the family that no one ever claimed but he was the most adventurous person the boy with the scarf had ever seen and from the moment they met they had been the best of friends. They had tried to keep their escapades low whenever the scarf-wearing boy's was home on leave. But this time they had been careless and it had ended in disaster. Father had discovered their long-time friendship and had taken immediate and drastic measures. The Captain blinked. \"Boarding school? You mean that terminally boring place where they teach you to be a gentleman or some such nonsense?\" The boy with the Scarf nodded slowly. \"Well we can't let you endure that! I heard of a lad who went to boarding school once and came out a lawyer! I hear they don't even have ham there!\" The Captain grabbed his friend by the scarf and started for the harbor. \"We'll stow away on one of the ships and become pirates. They'll never find you!\" The boy with the Scarf dug his feet in and held his ground causing the Captain to be yanked back. \"I can't.\" \"What do you mean you can't?\" The Captain shoved his hands on his hips, clearly not taking his friend's refusal seriously. \"You don't want to be turned into a plucked popinjay do you? Come on!\" The boy pulled his scarf back. \"I...I just can't.\" He swallowed hard as his throat tightened he felt as if he were being torn in two. \"Please understand.\" The young Captain looked as if he had been struck as the gravity of the situation finally hit him. \"You're not really going to leave?\" After a long moment of silence his ginger eyebrows lowered accusingly. \"You're doing that tiresome 'responsible' thing again aren't you? Now listen here, you can't go.\" His voice quickly became pleading. \"There's far too many important adventures we haven't had yet! Maybe your father would change his mind if we gave him a big ham!\" The younger boy sighed and shook his head at his friend's last-ditch suggestion. \"As vital as it is…ham doesn't solve everything.\" He turned sharply as a voice called him from somewhere down the street. \"It's father. He must have the carriage ready. I'm sorry. I have to go. I will miss you.\" He held out a hand and gave his friend a teary smile. The Captain could feel something hot coming into his eyes and his chest tightened. He slapped the younger boy's had away. \"Traitor! If I had a real live ship I'd throw you overboard into a school of guppies!\" The boy with the scarf backed up a step, startled at the sudden anger. His father's voice called again. He couldn't leave now. Not with the Captain like this. But his father called again and he turned and ran. The Captain continued shouting as the younger boy disappeared around the corner. \"And you'd be nibbled to death and live the rest of your life inside a thousand little fish! Which is not fun!\" Soon he found himself standing in the middle of the street shouting at no one. \"Some crew you turned out to be! Defector! Sea slug! SISSY! \" He kicked at the pub's rain barrel as hard as he could and threw a discarded whisky bottle at the street where it exploded, scattering broken glass in all directions. He let out a distressed sob and leaned heavily against the pub wall. He had lost his only friend. Sure a few of the pub's customers were friendly to him, and he had his mother. But it wasn't the same. Who would he go on adventures with? Who would sit on the old dock with him eating ham sandwiches and watching the boats come in? Who was going to be his first mate when he got a ship of his own? Who was he going to…talk to? His head snapped up at the sound of a carriage in the distance. And he ran. His ragged boots pounded the cobblestones and his patched red jacket waved behind him as he flew through the streets, barely noticing the horse he sent rearing or the gentleman he toppled over as he rounded a corner. He reached the edge of town and kept running, his feet finding the one road that lead inland. At the top of a rise he staggered to a stop. The carriage clip-clopped away at a swift pace. He would never catch it. The boy with the scarf turned in his seat, looking over his shoulder and their eyes met for one brief moment. Then the carriage turned a corner and was gone.[Chapter 3] The young man with the red scarf leaped hurriedly off the carriage. He had been riding in the thing from the break of dawn and was quite happy to be out of it. But he was even happier about where he was. He took a deep breath, smelling the crisp ocean air that was only slightly tainted by the fishy smell that wafted up from the docks. In the three years he had been gone the little harbor town had not changed a bit. But he had. He was much taller than the little boy that had left for boarding school what felt like an eternity ago. He could have gone home first. His loving mother and his father, a captain in his Majesty's Navy, were no doubt awaiting his arrival. But there was one thing he wanted to do first. Something his family wouldn't approve of. Something that set his stomach in knots. As his feet found their way down the rough cobblestone streets he wondered how this would go. Three years ago he had left a very dear friend angry and hurt. He had tried to explain that he had to go to boarding school and no matter how much his friend pleaded he simply couldn't run away. There had been heated words and that's how he had left. For three years it had been eating at him. He would have written to apologize and better explain why he had to leave. But it wouldn't have done any good. His friend couldn't read. In retrospect he could have sent the letter to someone else and had them read it to him. But hindsight is 20/20. The cobblestones were replaced by an old boardwalk whose boards creaked under his feet. In the cool damp air of the docks the smell of old fish and rotting wood was overpowering. The docks were fairly empty and he met no one as he walked. The only sounds were the gentle lapping of the waves against a couple of moored fishing skiffs and the occasional gull. The old pub looked just as old and rundown as it had when he left. Perhaps even more so. The sign above the door had lost a nail and now hung crooked. By looking at it one would think that it was surely abandoned. But the door stood partly open and he could hear laughter and an accordion from inside. He glanced one way and then the other, making sure the streets were clear. He didn't mind so much himself but if his father ever heard he had gone into such a seedy place he would never hear the end of it. Not to mention that his mother was liable to have a conniption. But no one seemed to be about so he pushed the door and cringed as its rusty hinges let out a long grating screech. Everyone in the dingy little room turned to see who had come in the door. He smiled gently, removed his hat and went straight to the bartender. \"Excuse me.\" The old Irish man grinned at him. \"Say, ye'r Mason's boy aren't cha?\" The young man with the scarf nodded. \"Yes, Sir.\" \"Just got back from school didje? Becha wanna whet yer whistle after such a long trip.\" He began to pull the stopper from a bottle of unidentifiable spirits. The young man with the scarf held up a hand. \"Actually I'm just looking for the Captain.\" The bartender smiled and waved a hand toward the customers. \"Which one?\" Half of them were captains of local fishing boats. Suddenly the old man's face changed and he became suddenly serious. \"Oh…Ye want the boy. That's right. Ye two were mates.\" The scarf-wearing young man did not like the change of tone at all. From what he had gathered over his association with 'the Captain' it seemed his friend was born in this very tavern, the son of a barmaid. He had grown up there as well and very early on his demanding and sometimes downright bossy nature as a child had earned him the nickname 'the Captain'. It was what everyone called him, even his mother. And even though the two of them had been best friends the young man with the scarf didn't know his real name. He frowned, noting the quiet murmurs that had risen in the pub at the mention of his friend. \"Where is he?\" The bartender sighed heavily and leaned both hands on the bar as if he had to brace himself to talk about it. \"Just a couple months shy of three years ago his ma took sick. She was a nice lass, you know. A bit on the loony side but…well, we were all worried for her. The little Captain took it hard. He had this plan to call all the doctors in England with a…\" He shook his head. \"Well, you remember the Captain's plans. Always grand but never making a bit of sense.\" The old man paused for a moment and looked down at the bar. \"It was midnight and the worst storm ye ever saw. We called Doc Morgan and he rode all the way out here in the rain and lightnin'. But there was nothin' any of us could do. I tell ye, it was the saddest thing you ever saw, that little lad tryin' to talk her into stayin'.\" The young man managed to swallow the lump that was forming in his throat long enough to ask. \"Where is he now?\" The old Irish man slowly shook his head. \"Don't know. Soon as it hit him that his ma wasn't comin' back he took off out that door.\" He pointed to the old rusty, creaking thing that lead outside. \"We chased after him but with the rain and the wind…\" He shrugged. \"That's the last anyone saw of the little fellow.\" The young man with the scarf closed his eyes and let his head sink to his chest. The bartender watched him for a long moment then pulled the stopper on his bottle and poured a bit of the amber liquid into a glass. \"Here, lad. On the house.\" The young man cleared his throat before he could speak. \"No…thank you. I'd best be on my way.\" The Captain had been just a boy when he had left. Where could he have gone? Where was he now? These questions ran over and over the scarf-wearing young man's mind as he picked his way along the rocky shore, the waves of high tide lapping at him as he hopped stones. At last he made it to the cave. This was where the Captain would have gone that night he was sure of it. It had been a haven to both of them, a place no rational adult would think of going. The path was precarious and one couldn't avoid getting wet. Something deep inside him churned as he imagined his friend trying to navigate this path through teary eyes and a violent storm. Had he even made it this far? Waves along this coast were always massive and violent during turbulent weather. He tried to push such pessimistic thinking from his head. The Captain had always been a resilient boy. The cave itself was damp but safely above sea level and there he found what he had been looking for. The place looked much the same as the last time he had seen it except it seemed a whole lot smaller. The old canvas tarp was spread across the floor and the horse skull was still sitting in the corner where the Captain had proudly chosen to display it. With a wavering sigh he sat heavily onto the nearest rock dropped his face into his hands, a wave of guilt crashing over him just as the waves crashed upon the black rocks outside. The Captain's mother had died scarcely two months after he had left. He should have been there. For all the Captain's bragging and pluck he was deep down a sensitive fellow and the young man with the scarf could only imagine how he would have needed a close friend. If only he had known he would have found a way to come home. How long had the Captain sat in this cave, alone, wondering what to do next? The question pulled at his insides until he thought he would choke. He reached down and raked his fingers through the sand until they hit something square and solid. With a couple of quick strokes he brushed off the old cigar box, opened the lid and smiled sadly. The Captain's treasure. There were bits of colored glass, metal scraps, a glass bead, a couple of genuine marbles, a few brass buttons and one real doubloon. His first thought was that he wished it were empty. Surely a boy would never leave his most prized possessions. And the thought that the Captain may have never reached the cave crossed his mind again. But then he noticed that there was something missing from the hideout. The sword. Well, it wasn't really a sword, simply a brass hilt that had once been attached to a sword. It was the Captain's favorite thing and if he were planning to go on an adventure he would surely take it with him. He was out there somewhere, hilt in hand, ready to take on the world. He smiled just a little as he looked at the contents of the box, remembering the adventure that went with each trinket. Suddenly his heart rose up into his throat as he realized those adventures were over and there wouldn't be anymore. He took a deep breath and wiped at his eyes. His parents were still waiting for him to arrive and were no doubt beginning to worry. Burying the cigar box back in the sand, he left everything just as it should be. He glanced at the cave one last time before heading back along the shore. He would probably never see it again…He was to join the Navy tomorrow.[Chapter 4] Reunion The young sailor squinted through the looking glass, his eyes straining to see beyond the bank of mist that had rolled in out of nowhere. He shivered just a bit in the chill that accompanied the fog grateful for the red scarf that kept his neck from the cold and the wet. It was non-regulation, of course which was why he kept it hidden under his crisp Navy uniform. His doddering old grandmother made him one every year, always red and always warm, and he couldn't remember a time he had been without one. His father, an admiral in Great Britton's fleet, would not approve of him wearing it on ship, of course. His father didn't approve of anything that wasn't strictly Navy. The Sailor with the Scarf blinked a bit and twisted his spyglass, certain he had seen a shadow amidst the grey cloud. But as soon as he focused on it it vanished. He lowered the glass for a moment and rubbed his eyes. He had been on watch for a long time, perhaps he was seeing things. But as he raised the glass once more he took in a small breath and whirled around, cupping both hands around his mouth. \"Pi—\" BOOM! A large hunk of the railing exploded in a shower of splintering wood as a cannonball tore through it and embedded itself in the deck. Cries of 'we're under attack', 'pirates!', 'every man for himself!' and 'I lost my shoe!' rang throughout the ship. The Sailor with the Scarf hurried down the steps to the main deck and met Captain Thompson just as he came out of his cabin. \"We're under attack, sir!\" \"Yes, I can see that.\" The Captain looked up just as the yardarm cracked in two sending the sail billowing down to the deck. He glanced casually at the pirate ship to the port and marched purposefully starboard with the young sailor at his heels. \"What's our plan of defense, sir?\" The Sailor with the Scarf ducked as a cannonball flew over his head and took out the ship's wheel. Captain Thompson swung a dingy out over the water and hopped into it. \"That's up to you lad.\" He gave a rope a pull and the tiny boat lowered into the water below. \"I'll leave you in charge.\" The Sailor with the Scarf's mouth hung open in complete disbelief. \"You-you're not abandoning ship!\" \"That's the plan, boy.\" The Captain pushed the dingy away from the ship with an oar. \"This whole, being attacked by pirates thing…well, it's just not me. I'm sure I'd get blood on my uniform sooner or later.\" \"This ship…this crew, they're you're responsibility! How can you just—\" \"Hey! I just gave you the promotion of your life. You should be thanking me.\" Captain Thompson's voice faded as he disappeared into the mist. The Sailor with the Scarf let out an angry huff feeling betrayed and a bit overwhelmed. Nonetheless he turned and began shouting orders to the crew. They were technically Navy but the ship was small and they were carrying nothing of value so they were ill prepared for the unprovoked attack. \"Yeeehaaaah!\" Seemingly from out of nowhere a streak of red swept through the air and landed squarely on the railing of the upper deck. The man cut quite a figure with his cutlass raised, red coat tails flapping in the breeze and the most luxuriant red beard the Sailor with the Scarf had ever laid eyes on. Several other pirates swung in behind the red-clad pirate. The Sailor with the Scarf, quite aware of his new responsibilities stepped forward. \"Who are you and what do you want?\" In reply the luxuriantly bearded pirate leaped from the railing, executing a perfect flip before landing on the lower deck, his cutlass now aimed at the young sailor's face. \"I'm the Pirate Captain and I'm here for your gold!\" He forced himself not to flinch, his brows lowering defiantly. \"We're not that kind of ship.\" He managed to keep his voice steady even though he was extremely aware of that sharp bit of steel only inches away from him. \"And I would appreciate it very much if you would leave.. now .\" \"All in good time.\" The Pirate Captain said breezily as he lowered his sword. \"I think we'll do a little looting first. That's the sort of thing pirates generally do, you know.\" \"I'm sorry, but I can't allow that.\" \"Ooh! Is that a challenge?\" The Pirate Captain seemed quite delighted by the idea. The young sailor drew his sword. He didn't really want to fight but he couldn't let this pirate take over his ship either. \"I'm afraid it is.\" \"Oh, good! I haven't had a one of those yet!\" The Pirate Captain swung his cutlass and steel met steel with a resounding 'CLANG'. \"I can't imagine a pirate like you not having been challenged before.\" The sailor said as he deftly deflected the Captain's blows. \"Well, it's never really been official.\" The Captain's blade whipped through the air, just missing the young man's midsection. \"Usually they just come at me with something pointy with not so much as a 'how de do'. Quite rude if you ask me.\" The Sailor with the Scarf found himself giving ground. The Pirate Captain's attacks were unpredictable and therefore rather difficult to counter. \"Well, I'm sure you have to consider their position.\" He kicked a keg of gunpowder over in an attempt to force the Captain back. \"One often dispenses with pleasantries when one is attacked by pirates. It's rather a victim's prerogative.\" \"I suppose so.\" Their battle moved across the deck and under the fallen sail. It was like a giant tent, diffused light giving the space an eerie glow. \"You don't have any ham on this ship do you? We're always looking for ham.\" The Sailor with the Scarf, still backing up slashed a hole through the canvas and leaped through it, the Captain following close behind. There was suddenly something oddly familiar about this pirate. \"Ham?\" \"All pirates like ham.\" He explained as metal clashed and he forced the younger man backwards up the steps to the poop deck. \"You're quite good. But you might as well give up now. I'm a whole lot bigger than you are.\" \"What do you really want?\" \"Treasure, of course. The whole idea of being a pirate is the treasure, you know. Well, that and not having to wash behind your ears.\" The young sailor took in a sudden gasp feeling as if he had been struck by lightning. He had heard those exact words before…years ago. Two voices echoed in his head, the one of the Pirate Captain and the one from memories gone by. The voices were almost identical, one was just a bit higher…younger. Pictures flashed through his mind in rapid succession: digging for treasure, fireworks, ham sandwiches by the docks, the old tavern, rocks clanging against his window. In all off those pictures one face stood out. And suddenly he knew exactly who this pirate was. \"Captain…?\" \"That's 'Pirate Captain' to you.\" The Captain swung his cutlass, managing to disarm his opponent and take several buttons off his uniform at the same time. With a 'clang' the young sailor's sword flew from his hand, clattering to the deck far beyond his reach. He stumbled backward as the pirate advanced…a pirate that now looked so familiar. The red hair, the large ears the ridiculous self-confidence. Why hadn't he seen it before? He suddenly found himself backed against the ship's railing with the Pirate Captain only a couple feet away, cutlass raised. He closed his eyes and braced himself, wishing things could be different. The Captain would never know he had killed his childhood friend and perhaps it was better that way. The young sailor waited to feel the blade thrust into him hoping it would be quick. Nothing happened. \"W-where did you get that?\" The sailor opened his eyes to find the Pirate Captain staring quite intensely at his chest. Puzzled he looked down. His blue jacked had been torn open and his red scarf had fallen out contrasting brightly against the rest of his uniform. \"From my grandmother.\" He answered simply. \"She..\" The Captain suddenly seemed to struggle for words. \"…She doesn't happen to visit you once a year smell like snuff and walk like a duck?\" The Sailor with the Scarf couldn't help but let out a tiny laugh. The Captain had always made fun of his grandmother's doddering walk. \"Yes, Captain, that's her.\" His reddish brows lowered in thought. \"I used to know a lad who…\" The Sailor with the Scarf smiled a little. The Captain's eyes met his and held there for a long moment in an expression that the Sailor with the Scarf couldn't read. They had not exactly parted on good terms. In fact it had been their only true fight. Even as a child the Captain had quite a temper and the Sailor with the Scarf didn't know how long the fellow held a grudge. He wasn't entirely certain that this man wasn't about to run him through. Suddenly he found himself smothered in a bone-crushing hug. After a moment the Captain dropped him and shoved him back. \"Where in the name of Neptune's nanny have you BEEN?\" The Captain fairly exploded. \"I really thought you were clever enough to escape from some silly old school.\" The young sailor grinned. \"I'm sure you could have done it in a day, sir.\" \"Do you know how many schools I broke into searching for you?\" The Captain twiddled his fingers trying to come up with the exact amount. The Sailor with the Scarf blinked startled by this unexpected piece of information. \"You…came looking for me?\" \"Of course! Well, not right away…I thought you might come to your senses…but I wasn't about to let them turn you into some sort of turned up nose with a top hat and cane. You're stuffy enough as it is!\" The Sailor with the Scarf laughed. \"I've missed you too.\" At the sound of gunfire and clashing swords he peeked over the railing to the lower deck. \"Um…perhaps we should stop that, sir.\" \"Oh, yes. Quite forgot about them.\" He cupped both hands over his mouth and shouted. \"Alright, you coves! I think we've made our point! Don't want to overdo it!\" The Sailor with the Scarf, too, shouted a command at the crew below. \"That's enough, lads!\" The ship was almost instantly silent. Weapons fire stopped, swords froze in midair, a couple pirates dropped the sailor they had been about to toss overboard and the Pirate with the Accordion haulted his rousing marching song. Everyone on deck turned and stared at the two men in silent confusion. \"Um…sorry about the holes and such.\" The Pirate Captain motioned about the ship where cannonballs had torn through the hull. \"A little glue and a few boards ought to patch those up in no time.\" Then he addressed his crew directly. \"Well, lads, don't just stand there like marmalade! They could use some help.\" And as simple as that the two crews went about repairing the ship. Satisfied, the Pirate Captain turned to the young sailor. \"So…how've you been?\" \"Can't complain.\" \"I see you've joined the Navy.\" The sailor shrugged. \"Father wouldn't have it any other way.\" \"Ah. So, how would you and your crew—this is your crew?\" \"Well, sort of.\" \"How would you and your crew like a good ham dinner after all this excitement?\" \"Sounds fine.\" Ham Night was over, both ships had been repaired and it was time to say goodbye. Both crews had grown rather fond of each other and there were a lot of handshaking and back slapping between them. \"Well, lad it was good seeing you again.\" The Pirate Captain gave the Sailor with the Scarf a brisk slap on the back that nearly sent him overboard. The young man smiled, a hand on the rope that would swing him back to the Navy ship where the rest of the ship's crew waited for him. He swallowed hard, trying to keep his voice from cracking. \"Um…I'm sorry we couldn't help with your treasure.\" \"Actually I was looking for a new compass.\" The Captain said with a shrug. \"My old one kept pointing towards New Zealand. But 'I'm here for your gold' sounds so much more dramatic than 'I'm compass shopping', don't you think?\" The Sailor with the Scarf chuckled a little. \"Much. Although, there's something to be said for being specific. Here.\" He pulled a shiny brass compass from his pocket and tossed it at the Captain. \"We had best be off.\" He gave a resigned sigh. \"We are supposed to be at the Indies by next Sunday.\" He stepped up onto the railing and prepared to swing. \"Wait. Just…hold on a bit.\" The Pirate Captain fiddled with the compass for a moment, not actually looking up at the sailor. \"Now that you mention it there is something else this ship needs.\" The Sailor with the Scarf waited patiently. \"You see I've never really found a proper first mate. Every ship needs a first mate, you know. Someone to look after things the Captain can't be bothered with—like the weather and making sure the ship is pointing in the right direction and such. No one seems quite right for the job…I mean there was the fellow who was always telling those awful fish jokes, and then that other fellow who kept running us aground, and don't even get me started on the chap who kept telling me to shave my beard! So if you happen to know anyone who has been looking for a career change there's a position open.\" The Sailor with the Scarf grinned and hopped down from the railing releasing the rope and letting it swing back to the other ship unaccompanied. \"Boatswain!\" He shouted across the gap. \"You're in charge until the captain returns. I won't be back!\" With that he turned back to the Pirate Captain. \"Shall we set sail, sir?\" The pirate crew broke into a roaring cheer, cutlasses waving and hats flying. The Pirate Captain threw an arm around his first mate, any discomfort he had displayed a moment ago had completely vanished. \"Come on, Number Two, let me give you the guided tour.\" The Pirate with the Scarf gave his Captain an odd look. \" 'Number Two'?\" \"Naturally. You see, as Captain I'm Number One. So as you are the next fellow down, according to the strict laws of numbers and things, you would be Number Two. You know, you're a lot taller than I remember.\" Number Two just smiled and shook his head a bit. In all these years nothing had changed. \"Lets start off with the boat's wheel, shall we?\" The Pirate Captain leapt up the few steps to the upper deck. \"Alright, lubbers! Let's get this old girl moving!\" The crew cheered enthusiastically and hurried to drop the sails. \"So, where are we heading, sir?\" The Pirate with the Scarf stood beside the Captain, watching as he shifted the boat into drive. \"I thought we'd start for South America! I hear they've an entire city made entirely out of gold! We could probably fit a few sidewalks on the boat, don't you think? Maybe a building or two.\" The Pirate with the Scarf took a deep breath, feeling the wind at his back and watching the sparkling horizon ahead. \"Sounds like a grand adventure, sir!\" ","Summary":" 1. An Adventure With a Pirate Thunk! The boy ignored the sound and continued writing. While is righ"},{"Movie":"Independence Day","Title":"The Day Trip (My alien invasion novel for all ages)","Author":"stephenc384","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12505616","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey all, my name is Stephen I am from the UK. I have recently had published my action adventure novel for all readers aged 14+. It is called The Day Trip, it is book one of four. I am very grateful to Black Rose Writing in the USA who have traditionally published my book and kept the story as I wrote it. So many thanks to Black Rose Writing. I am known as one of their cinematic writers, I write at a fast pace and keep the story flowing. The Day Trip is about a small group of American High School Pupils who are on a trip to Manhattan with their senior year group. While visiting the city an alien task force who landed the night before landed in New York begin an invasion. From there it is a fight for survival. Bradley Harrison is the lead character, him and a small group must fight their way through Manhattan to an evacuation point which has been set up by the US military and national guard. But the girl who he loves is kidnapped by the invaders and Bradley is determined to get her back. That's all I am going to say. So below I have put Chapter One, and the intro to Chapter Two in for you to read and come to an understanding of my literature and the way I describe a scene in my own wording. Many people ask me how I put scenes together, and the answer to that is \"music\". When I am writing a specific scene to any of my books I switch the music over. Mainly film soundtracks. Resident Evil is a brilliant series I use when writing. Anyway enough of me chatting now. The Day Trip is the name of my book, it will not let me leave a URL lik. Please, please, please do not buy \"The Field Trip\" that is being sold illegally with another company that has shut down. Also I love connecting with my readers, below is my author page and twitter names. I hope you enjoy reading The Day Trip, my publishers are doing a 99p / $1.28 sale on Amazon Kindle right now. Many thanks again (Contact me I don't bite) S W Cheshire Chapter 1 A green, five-foot- six tall Armazoid named Gremlon stared out the front of his dropship window. He was an average interstellar pilot away from home on a ship mainly used for troop transport. Moderate sized and dull, the ship had two atomic engines at the back capable of propelling them through universe quicker than the blink of our eye. They were on Planet Sygonia, which is approximately eight point nine trillion light years from Planet Earth—very far away. \"Where are they?\" Gremlon snapped. \"They should have called in by now.\" The situation was tense. Comlon, his co-pilot, looked onto the radio stand on the avionics compartment of the ship waiting for the call. Ibregorg, the only other crewman aboard, looked pointlessly into the foliage for anything that could appear and pose a threat to their position. The dense shrubs surrounding the ship made it hard to see into the distance. \" This is Strike Force One calling Armazon three-one-six.\" Gremlon jumped to attention and saw Comlon sit straighter in his chair. \"That's them,\" Gremlon yelped. \"Answer it!\" \"Go ahead, Strike Force One,\" Comlon stated. \"What is your status and estimated time of arrival?\" There was a short pause. \" ETA four minutes, Armazon three one six.\" \"Power up!\" Gremlon said. \"We are out of here.\" Comlon fired up the atomic engines, and three minutes later watched as the strike force team came from the huge shrubs and bushes, chased by the tribal inhabitants of Sygonia. The gangplank was down—all the troops had to do was run fast and get on board. Alas, they were being shot down one by one by the vengeful Sygonians. Gremlon watched as the sprinting group slowly dwindled as they got closer and closer to the awaiting dropship, the foliage around them swaying with the force from the engines. He stared in disbelief. Colleagues he had known for years were perishing right in front of him. Nowhere in the universe had they come up against such an invincible force of creatures. Apparently, the Armazoids couldn't contend with their tribal nature and ability to unite and strategize. \"Come on!\" Gremlon gasped. \"Come on!\" Only one Armazoid from the strike force remained. He sprinted out towards the safety of the dropship, grasping the weapon he did not have time to recharge and use. Gremlon watched as this last remaining member of the strike team was shot in the back. The body froze, as the blood from his body ran out of his back. Eyes wide open, staring at the Armazoid Dropship, he slammed into the ground, knees first. Gremlon started running towards him. \"Cover me!\" he shouted over his shoulder. \"What?\" Comlon gasped. \"We haven't got time.\" Comlon watched as Gremlon dived out the back of the ship. Comlon had his back and opened fire onto the incoming Sygonians—there was no comrades left standing that he could possibly hit—while Gremlon dove onto the ground near the soldier. The soldier was panting from pain. His voice almost a whisper, he said, \"It is in my pouch.\" Gremlon knew he wasn't going to make it. He pulled a small disk out the pouch of his dying comrade. He looked down as the green blood ran out of the body. He didn't have the time to say goodbye, which added to the anger he felt. \" Gremlon! \" Comlon screamed at the top of his voice. Gremlon leapt up, sprinting back to open hanger of the dropship. He and Comlon shut the hanger door and ran to the control room. The atomic engines were at full power and ready to roll. Gremlon grabbed onto the stick in front of him, lifting the ship of the ground. He pushed the two power throttles forward. \"Hold on!\" he screamed. The nose of the dropship leveled out as it reached cruising altitude. He looked down at the blips on the radar, showing several dots following their own. The Sygonian ships were chasing after them. \"Get the burners on,\" Gremlon yelled. \"They are right behind us!\" \"Won't be a minute,\" Comlon replied. \"They're still powering up.\" Gremlon looked down onto the computer screen. The rays from the chasing Sygonian ships fired onto them as they powered away from the planet. He tried to dodge them. \"Ready!\" Comlon yelled. But before he could activate them, one of the rays hit the engines. There was a small explosion at the back, but the dropship continued to move upwards. Gremlon looked down at his screen as the afterburners continued to fire up. Finally, a blue ray zoomed from the back, blasting the ship forward—luckily they were still working. The Sygonian spaceships could only watch as the Armazoids craft disappeared into the depths of space. Gremlon lay back in his seat as the silver light of the stars passed the main front window. \"That was close,\" he said, relieved. \"You guys okay?\" The two Armazoids nodded, stunned by the sudden fire fight they had just got into. They were lucky to be alive. \"Let's assess the damage,\" Gremlon ordered. \"To see if we can make it back to base with this data.\" Comlon and Ibregorg stood up to take stock of the state of their ship. Gremlon stayed on the helm, but looked up when his two crew-men came back quickly. \"It should be okay until we get back to the ship,\" Comlon said. \"Hopefully.\" He sat down in the co-pilot seat of the dropship and looked out as they sped through the galaxy. He noticed a huge yellow star in the center of their present galaxy. \"How far have we travelled?\" he asked. \"About seven point nine trillion,\" Gremlon replied. \"All that for this!\" Comlon said remorsefully, gesturing to the small disk with the valuable data in Gremlon's hand. \"I knew Iennae and Blapau for years. It should have been me on that raid.\" \" Hey,\" Gremlon snapped, looking Comlon straight in the eyes. Comlon looked at Gremlon, his eyes wide. \"Don't you ever let me hear you say that again,\" Gremlon yelled. \"Those two signed up to defend our motherland, our home, our Armazon. Their deaths will not be in vain, I can promise you that!\" The back of the dropship went unusually quiet. Suddenly, an explosion from the back rocked the ship. The nose of the ship lowered. Gremlon grabbed onto the stick, pulling back. It was a struggle, but it pulled out. Alarms were screaming at him to act. \"Now what?\" Comlon asked. Gremlon looked up at his computer. He watched as the left atomic engine started to shut down. They would never be able to make it to the mother ship. Light smoke started entering the cabin of the ship. There was a sudden surge. He continued looking at his computer as both the engines flared up. \"Declare an emergency,\" Gremlon said. The ship started to slow down as Comlon switched on the radio. On the main ship still light years from them, Circo, the leader of the first attack force, stood in the control room, trillions of miles away. \" This is Comlon,\" the radio mumbled. Circo stormed over to it. The signal was weak. \"Comlon, this is Circo. Can you hear me?\" he asked. There was a short break. \"Yes, only just,\" Comlon replied. \"We have been hit and are unable to reach base.\" \"Comlon—\" started Circo. The radio went completely dead. Gremlon looked up as the smoke filling the cockpit grew thicker. The radio was dead, and the ship had sustained too much damage. He scanned the radar, looking for a place or a planet to ditch the craft. Sparks flew out of the radio. But something caught Gremlon's eye as the ship banked to the left. He saw a medium-sized planet coming into view. He stared through the windshield at the lumps of blue and a funny looking green color that covered the planet. It was their only option. \"There,\" he yelled. \"There!\" \"I heard you the first time,\" Comlon replied. Gremlon was pointing at Planet Earth. He looked at the curious planet as it grew in their view screens. He turned the ship and headed directly towards it. Sparks continued to rain down from the ceiling as the instruments and system gauges started to fail one after the other. The planet filled their view as they continued to slow down with the loss of engine power. The nose of the ship heated up as they entered the planet's atmosphere. Gremlon pulled the control stick back, straining the craft's hydraulic system to try to slow the descent. The two other Armazoids could only sit and watch as the flames sped over the ship, adding to the heat from the burning engines, and the craft gently rocked from side to side. The orange flames and plasma trails disappeared from the ship. Dense, jet-black smoke poured from the back of the engine. Comlon looked out of the window as they continued quickly dropping from the sky. \"What is this place?\" Gremlon demanded. \"I, I don't know,\" Comlon replied. \"How high are we?\" Gremlon asked. \"We are just over five thousand feet above it. We've got maybe two minutes of glide time before we crash,\" Comlon replied. Something else caught Gremlon's eyes. He looked to his left to see two black jets pulling up next to them as they continued descending towards the ground. \"What the hell are they?\" Gremlon asked. The two other Armazoids walked up to the window and looked out as the ground continued to get closer and closer. One of the black jets pulled in front of the dropship, gently rocking its wings. Gremlon followed the black jet over the land. He looked out to see a long strip in front of them, approaching as they passed through five thousand feet. \"Sit down,\" Gremlon ordered. \"This is going to be rough this landing.\" The two other Armazoids sat down as Gremlon reached out and pulled down the landing gear lever. The landing gear came down as the airstrip came closer and closer to them. The wind drag it created helped slow the ship for the landing. The two black jets continued accompanying them towards the threshold of the runway as they descended. Gremlon grasped hold of the control stick and pulled the nose up as the back gear slammed into the ground. The black fumes continued piling out of the aircraft. The speed brakes opened on the top of the wings as the nose gear touched down onto the runway of the huge military airstrip. The end of the runway was getting near, and the dropship had started to slow down, but they were still going too fast. Gremlon felt the nose wheel start to creak. He held on tight as it touched down, skidding along the rest of the runway. The scraping echoed around the cabin as the ship. Luckily it helped to slow them down to a stop. The onlookers at a military base in Yenisei in northern Russia, around 300 miles from the Siberian border, gawked as the alien spacecraft stood on the runway, nose gear collapsed. No signs of life could be seen. Gremlon slowly lifted his head up and peeked out of the window, which already had a dusting of snow settling on it. He didn't know what to expect. The life forms slowly started walking towards them, armed well. \"What the hell are those things?\" he asked in a shocked and confused voice. Comlon walked to the front of the ship. Still shaken from the crash, he stared at the gray uniforms and wide hats. The weather outside was freezing, and snow started to obstruct the view of the beings moving toward them. Gremlon pulled himself together. \"Prepare to disembark—now!\" Gremlon ordered. As the Armazoids prepared to leave the ship, the life forms completely surrounded them. Gremlon looked down at his computer. He pushed the tiny emergency button, which signaled their location to the mother ship light years away from their current position. He also took the time to assess the area outside him via his computer readouts. They reported very high levels of carbon dioxide and very low temperatures. \"Suits,\" he ordered. \"Carbon dioxide out there and lots of it.\" \"We're going out there?\" Comlon asked in a shocked voice \"Got a better idea?\" Gremlon replied, looking into his eyes The group got into their suits, looking at one another apprehensively as they prepared to go outside. \"Hide the data,\" Gremlon ordered, waving the disk in Comlon's face. \"What?\" Comlon asked. \"Just do it.\" Comlon took the disk and hid it in a flap under the floor. They armed themselves, ready to fight to the death. Gremlon looked at his two comrades as he pulled the red lever. The bay doors slowly hissed open. The smoke poured in from the outside. It was extremely cold. \"Here goes,\" Gremlon said. Gremlon walked out first, uncertain of what to do first. There was another group of natives approaching dressed all in white. \"What do we do?\" Comlon frantically whispered to Gremlon, clearly panicking. Gremlon didn't say a word. \"Now!\" Comlon yelled. \"Wait,\" Gremlon shrieked, trying to prevent the fight. Comlon fired onto the men, followed closely by Ibregorg. Their purple rays zapped through the air, mostly slamming harmlessly into the snow, but one hit a man dressed in gray. The men in gray began to run and shout, finding cover and firing back at the Armazoids. \"Shit,\" Gremlon yelled as he dove behind the ships's cargo door. He watched from his position of relative safety as Comlon and Ibregorg, his only two remaining crewmen, fell to the ground, riddled with bullets. He knew he would have to surrender, but the fate of Planet Armazon rested in his hands and on that disk. Gremlon dropped his weapon onto the floor. He stood up slowly, looking at the people as they walked slowly towards him, clutching their weapons. Two of the men placed him in a strong plastic bag. Gremlon felt his body being tightly compressed as he was lifted and placed on a metal table. He struggled to get out but the straps were too tight. He trembled as he wondered where on earth he was going. Volkov Radoslav, the Russian Premier, woke to a banging on his door. His eyes slowly opened to the heavy knocks. His head burned from the warmth of the heaters. He sat up slowly and rubbed his eyes. He got out of the bed and walked across the red carpet toward the front door of his room. He found himself looking at his assistant, Stanislav. \"Sorry to wake you, sir, but there has been an incident,\" Stanislav said quietly. Volkov paused for a long moment before speaking. \"Okay. A minute please.\" He dressed slowly, wondering what on earth had happened for him to be woken up so early in the morning. The sun had started to come up over the horizon of Moscow. Volkov walked out of his bedroom and down to his office. He sat down as three of his military top generals waited to speak to him. He looked at his white coffee cup on his desk as he sat down and noticed the lack of steam. \"Okay, bring me up to speed on the situation,\" Volkov demanded. One of the generals stepped forward. \"Sir,\" he said quietly, \"an alien spacecraft has crashed at our Yenisei air base.\" Volkov didn't say a word. He wondered if he was still asleep and if this was just a dream running through his head. \"An alien spacecraft,\" he repeated. \"Yes, sir. Crash-landed a few hours ago. We only just got the message.\" There was a silence in his office. He looked up at the clock. \"Did anyone see what damaged the ship?\" he asked. \"No, sir,\" his general said. \"It flew in from the north already smoking and crashed at our air force base there. We managed to guide it in.\" \"Did any living thing emerge from the craft?\" Volkov asked. \"Yes sir,\" The general replied. \"Three of them.\" \"Did they offer any resistance?\" Volkov asked. \"Yes. Two were shot and we have one at Area 52,\" the general said. \"Has he tried any type of communication with you?\" Volkov asked. \"No, sir,\" his general replied, \"but we are working at it.\" \"Okay,\" Volkov said. \"I want a media blackout on this. No one is to know—only us.\" \"Understood, sir.\" Chapter 2 Three months later. If you asked Bradley Harrison to write about himself and what was important to him, this is what he would say: We used to be the typical boys, running around with toy guns, shooting at enemies and, of course, not to forget the aliens. You know what I mean. So we had the practice. Who was to know that one day all that pissing around would have been needed on a normal day like today. My name is Bradley. Bradley Harrison. I'm your average, everyday teenager. Love women and have my mind on one thing only. You guessed it: gun clubs and martial arts. Of course, you know what else I mean. I was born on the 2nd August 19.99. So nearly eighteen. Let me introduce you to some of my friends, and to make things better, the enemies too, who are going to have a different view of me after today. Meet Kevin, my longest running and most loyal friend. I have known him since kindergarten. He has a great brother called Will who has joined the US Army. Then we have Max. Nice guy, the best sniper shooting at the local gun club. He has had more bull's eyes than I have had hot dinners. And of course we leave the best man till last. Meet Eric. Yes, Eric. Mind you, Eric did help us out a lot when the Armazoids were invading, but he isn't the sharpest tool in the toolbox. But we all love him very much. Now to the others. Kate is my childhood sweetheart, and Lisa is Kevin's. To this very day we are trying to get in their pants. I didn't just say that, did I? But haven't had much luck since—well, you get what I mean. Now to the fun people. Ms. Hogan, our form tutor. Has had it in for me ever since I started high school. I don't know it's one of those things, but she has a little side-kick named Colin. If I said boo to a goose he would tell her. So there you have it. However, a normal day trip to the Big Apple is going to change the way they viewed life as they saw it. The Day Trip Stephen Cheshire Twitter: S_W_Cheshire Instagram S_W_Cheshire Facebook Author Stephen W Cheshire ","Summary":" Hey all, my name is Stephen I am from the UK. I have recently had published my action adventure nov"},{"Movie":"Independence Day","Title":"Achievement Unlocked","Author":"Corisanna","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12561056","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: In my house, July 4th means putting the TV on the endless back-to-back Independence Day marathon on whichever channel and watching it again and again and again and again. And thus this was born. Steve and Dave are total bros and they started babbling at each other in my head. YES I KNOW IT WAS RELEASED LIKE 21 YEARS AGO SHUT UP § x § x § § x § x § § x § x § Achievement Unlocked § x § x § Surprisingly, Steve and Dave both were conscious for much of their tumbling, sarcasm-laden descent back to Earth. Steve did his best to steer them approximately toward their start point at Area 51, but it was extremely difficult. Dave continued side-seat driving. \"Aim for Southern Nevada, not the Southern Atlantic!\" \"What you think I'm trying to do?!\" Dave spoke more quickly that it seemed he should be able to in one breath. \"Ocean would probably be a safer landing but I'd prefer to land where our welcome party knows to expect us instead of sinking to our watery graves while everyone at the base is-\" \"I said, What you think I'm trying to do?! \" Steve wrenched the controls and tried to change their angle. He roared in frustration. \"You forget the power steering fluid again, Dave?!\" \"Pretty sure it's actually the battery, honey!\" \"Mechanic said the battery was fine! \" \"We just nuked the battery , Steve!\" \"Well, shit.\" It had been... tense. Tense was a good word. The final crash must have knocked them both out because they woke to stillness and the scent of acrid smoke. Both blearily looked around the dim cabin. It was remarkably in one piece. David rubbed his head. \"We're alive. How?\" \"Don't really care,\" Steve said as he cracked his neck a couple times. \"No, seriously. We killed our own shields with the virus. How are we alive?\" \"I really don't care, man.\" Steve turned this way and that. \"Where's my cigar?\" He struggled with his harness. They had come to rest with a forward tilt, so his entire weight against the straps made it harder to handle. \"Dammit.\" Dave patted his own harness reverently. \"Seat belts save lives.\" \"You have fun with your little PSA. I'm out.\" Steve finally released his harness and promptly fell into the steering devices with a roar of startled pain. \"Son of a bitch! \" Dave chuckled darkly. Turning and pointing a threatening finger at Dave, Steve mimicked an angry father and said, \"Don't you start. I'll let you hang there in time out, young man.\" Dave laughed more obnoxiously. Steve scrambled along the console and grabbed for Dave's harness. Easier from the outside, he released it in short order. Dave tumbled onto the console. \"Ow, dammit!\" Steve cackled gleefully as his partner squirmed around and fell to the deck. His expression combined an ecstatic smile with an intense baring of teeth by a thrill-seeker. \"Let's ride it again, Pops!\" \"No, son. No. Dad's too old for these rides.\" Dave was grinning, though. Steve scaled the pilot's seat and squinted into corners. \"Where'd my victory dance go?\" \"This is why you're not supposed to smoke and drive, Dad.\" \"The hell, man? Which of us is the dad and which of us is the kid?\" \"Does it really matter?\" \"Sure don't, Pops.\" Steve did a double-take. \" Where'd you find that?! \" A satisfied smirk played across Dave's face as he wiggled his own cigar in the air. \"I put it out and jammed it somewhere safe when the ride got rough.\" \"When you have time for that between all your screaming?!\" \"Screaming doesn't require hands, Steve.\" Dave grinned at Steve's pout then gestured around them with his cigar. \"Might help if we open the hatch and get some smoke out and light in.\" \"Okay, genius .\" Bitching at each other the whole time but equally certain they'd probably cheerfully bitch at each other the rest of their lives, they set about popping the lid of their tin can from outer space, finding Steve's cigar, and extricating themselves from the smoldering wreckage. They sprawled on their backs on it for a moment, just staring at the sky and breathing. Didn't look anywhere but up at the meteor shower they had created. \"Adrenaline is a bitch ,\" Dave finally said. Steve only laughed. \"Right, time to light up.\" He sat up, inspected his cigar, brushed it off, and vaulted off the side of the ship. Dave followed with several magnitudes less grace and staggered. \"Where's the lighter?\" \"Right damn here, my friend.\" Steve swaggered up to the portion of the wreckage spouting open flame, held his cigar out cautiously until its tip ignited, then pulled it back and took a drag on it. He blew out the smoke and looked back at Dave with a shit-eating grin. \"Well, that works.\" After lighting up, they stared at each other and started chuckling. Their hilarity gradually escalated until they laughed uncontrollably for God only knew how long, tears streaming down their faces as their laughter got wheezy and strained. Every time they settled, they looked at one another and started all over again. Finally, Dave held his cigar up like he was toasting with a champagne flute. \"Cheers.\" Laughing, Steve replied, \"To the beginning of a beautiful friendship.\" They tapped cigars, laughed, and finally looked around. There were two major things to notice: Scorching, godforsaken, beautiful Nevada desert; and in the distance, an entire mountain range on fire with a City Destroyer wedged in it like a frisbee in sand. Dave whistled. \"Well, I'll be damned. You got us somewhere in the general vicinity of where we wanted to go.\" Steve preened and took a long drag on his cigar, entirely too pleased with himself. \"You still crashed, though,\" Dave teased just for the hell of it. Steve scowled playfully and stabbed his cigar toward his new friend. \"There's a difference between a crash and a hard landing, son.\" He chomped his cigar and turned his nose up snobbily. \"Hard landing's an accomplishment .\" They stayed serious for all of a moment before laughing more. They stood and appreciated the scenery for awhile, content to just wait for their brains to realize they could stop screaming with adrenaline the way they had been for days. Though it felt like weeks. Then there was a muted boom from their ship. Both stared at the thing with vague interest at best. \"We should probably get away from that,\" Steve muttered around his cigar. \"I'm gonna go with yes, I agree,\" Dave said. \"Where should we head? Without stars to navigate more precise- hell, where are we? What's our starting point? Where's Area 51 relative to us?\" \"Not a damn clue.\" Steve squinted around the barren flats as something in the wreckage shifted with a whump and sent up a plume of flame. \"Let's just mosey on away .\" \"Away is good, yes.\" They strutted away into the desert, nonchalant, not a care in the goddamn world. They felt invincible. Steve had flown in outer space. Dave had saved the planet. Life goals reached in a single stroke. It felt damn good. § x § x § § x § x § § x § x § A/N: Why does my brain do these things? I need to see the sequel. I don't care if it was critically panned. ID4 was my first big summer scifi blockbuster and I love it. ","Summary":" A/N: In my house, July 4th means putting the TV on the endless back-to-back Independence Day marath"},{"Movie":"Independence Day","Title":"Mi vida el 4 de Julio","Author":"dimitrix","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12576130","Passage":"[Chapter 1] MI VIDA EL 4 DE JULIO Este fanfic ha sido presentado por Dimitrix Enterprises y Dimitrix Inc. El mundo se había acabado, ya no quedaba nada por lo que luchar o por lo que vivir, cuando aquella tarde de un 2 de Julio de 1996 aterrizaron unas enormes naves por toda la costa de la isla de Manhattan, supe que era el fin. Algunos decían que era el fin del mundo, otros que era el día de la redención, para mi fue el día en que todo se fue a la mierda y nos dimos cuenta de que el ser humano estaba condenado a extinguirse. Años y años de evolución para llegar a esto, posiblemente, pero lo que no pienso tolerar es que todos tengamos que morir por lo que dicte cualquier profecía bíblica de esas o lo que diga cualquier americano mas que intente de acabar con esta lucha inevitable. Mi nombre es Darren Gilroy, yo por aquel entonces tenía 16 años, tenía una vida apacible en la gran ciudad, un buen barrio, buena gente, buenos amigos, pero todo eso acabo, acabo, así sin mas, sabía bien que si algún día alguien de más allá del universo nos encontraría, no sería para entablar amistades, sería mas bien para erradicarnos y destruirnos por nuestra propia voluntad de vivir. Unas horas mas tarde del primer avistamiento, las naves empezaron a rodear todo Nueva York hasta acabar en Washington, por debajo de la casa blanca. Entonces unos minutos mas tarde el presidente Whitmore se comunico diciendo a los ciudadanos que mantuvieran la calma y que si querían marcharse pero lo hicieran con tranquilidad, cosa que no funcionó para nada. Los disturbios, los saqueos y los asesinatos colectivos comenzaron a fraguar el odio y la desesperación en las calles, excepto para aquellos fanáticos idiotas que se pensaban que los alienigenas habían venido para hacer realidad todas sus fantasías, como los de Los Angeles que se subieron a los rascacielos mas altos extendiendo sus pancartas de bienvenida, como si a eso alguien le importara cuando no era así, nunca sabré porque la gente se comportaba así, no habían venido en son de paz, las pruebas eran claras, los satélites habían caído de forma inesperada, nadie se podía comunicar con nadie, estábamos separados del otro lado del mundo. Después cuando se hizo la noche y yo con mis padres decidimos marcharnos rápidamente de ahí, lo hicimos con mucha precaución, cogimos rápidamente el coche y nos marchamos corriendo de ahí como si nos persiguiera el diablo, cuando cruzamos la avenida del puente levadizo para salir de Manhattan, observamos que unas luces caían desde la posición de la nave que estaba sobre Manhattan, eran helicópteros militares que habían sido derribados a causa del armamento de la nave, ahí me di cuenta de que si iban en serio conque no venían en son de paz, venían a exterminarnos, y esa sucesión de caídas de helicópteros militares con los soldados dentro, era la respuesta, estaban por atacar. Al cabo del rato cruzamos el puente pero había tanto atasco que era imposible salir de ahí a tiempo, estábamos atrapados con las cosas metidas dentro del coche, pensábamos que nos íbamos a quedar ahí atrapados sin poder salir, pero entonces sucedió algo inesperado, mas allá en el centro de la ciudad, la nave se abrió desvelando un extraño artilugio que desprendía una enorme luz turquesa que era impresionante, algo tan bello que era imposible no verlo, pero acabo de un instante el artilugio lanzo un potente rayo y ahí todo exploto, todo el centro de Manhattan estallo en menos de un minuto, ahí nos dimos cuenta de que ese era el plan de los alienigenas durante todo este tiempo, se habían estado organizando para que disparasen a todas las ciudades de America a la vez. Al ver que aquel fuego estaba apunto de llegar hacía nosotros, cogimos lo que pudimos y marchamos corriendo hacía el otro lado del puente, hubo tanta gente corriendo despavorida que era imposible saber por donde uno iba, al final yo me acabe cayendo y me quede tirado ahí observando como la gente me pasaba por encima, casi me mataban a golpes sino fuera porque me escondí debajo de un coche, paso como medio segundo y entonces observe que el fuego destructor estaba cada vez mas cerca, ahí entonces vinieron mis padres obligándome a que corriera hacía el frente pero ambos sabíamos bien que nos iba a alcanzar, entonces mis padres decidieron dármelo todo como para que fuera directo hacía el otro lado del puente para que me salvara yo solo, me obligaron por las malas pero yo me negué, entonces mi padre me dio una fuerte bofetada para que me tranquilizara, me insistió que a pesar de todo siguiera mi propio camino, me dijeron unas ultimas palabras y entonces marcho corriendo todo lo que pude mientras ellos se quedaban ahí, dispuestos a morir ahí en medio cuando podrían haberme seguido fácilmente. Seguí y seguí hasta que al final llego al borde del puente, me quede ahí parado y apoyado sobre un coche intentando de ver si ellos me iban a seguir o no, grite todo lo que pude y entonces los acabe viendo a unos metros mas adelante, me enorgullecí al verles pero entonces vi como el fuego llego hasta el puente y de ahí empezo a partirse parte por parte, se tambaleaba como si estuviera hecho de papel y al final se acabo partiendo de costado haciendo que todo el peso cayera hacía el agua, mis padres estaban ahí, observe como caían aplastados por los coches, yo salí a tiempo justo antes de resbalarme con el coche, quede justo en el borde observando como todo el puente con mis padres y el resto de la gente, murieron cayendo al agua. 3 DE JULIO DE 1996 Ese mismo día me reuní con un grupo de refugiados que andaban a paso lento intentando de encontrar un lugar seguro, no tenía nada excepto algúnos objetos de valor y comida, todo lo demás quedo en el coche. Seguí haciendo mi recorrido hasta que me acabe encontrando con una mujer que estaba siendo agredida por un hombre grande, la tenía acorralada y la agarraba por los brazos, no sabía si quería violarla o robarle algo pero veía que nadie hacía nada, entonces decidí salvarla. Corrí y agarre un tronco que había tirado en el césped, me acerque y le golpee varias veces con el tronco, la aparte de la mujer y entonces le grite al sujeto que se alejara y la dejara en paz, me miro mal y entonces se marcho con muy poca cosa. Ayude a la mujer que no parecía estar muy herida, era una adolescente de mas edad que yo, se llamaba Claire Birch, se había largado también de Manhattan e iba directa hacía el norte para poder encontrar con sus padres cerca de la frontera de Mexico. Estuvimos haciendo el mismo recorrido durante un buen rato hasta que entonces vinieron un grupo de militares viniendo a recoger a los refugiados, nos cogíeron a todos agrupándonos por nuestro estado de salud, edad o por los habilidades que podríamos requerir, a nosotros nos metieron en una parte donde estaban la mayoría de los refugiados con los que estábamos reunidos, nos metimos dentro de tiendas de campaña y de ahí nos hicieron un chequeo a todos para asegurarse de que no tuviéramos ningún efecto secundario hecho por el ataque o no, me inyectaron una jeringuilla y de ahí me sacaron sangre, me miraron por dentro y por fuera para conocer mi estado, yo la pase, pero Claire. Me había mentido desvelándome de que tenía leucemia, la había adquirido hacía apenas una semana, sus amigos del instituto la habían sacado de la casa en la que estaba hospedada y entonces ella escapo marchándose con los demás refugiados. Pasaron unas horas y ahí entonces descubrí que se la estaban llevando en una camilla junto a otro grupo de personas, no me habían dicho los muy malditos militares, la subieron a un jeep y entonces acelero desapareciendo en el fondo, yo intente de seguirla pero no era lo suficientemente rápido y al final desapareció delante de mi, uno de los soldados me cogío y me llevo de vuelta a la tienda de campaña, estaba tan enfadado por habérsela llevado así sin mas que me enfrente a ellos, me cogíeron por ambas partes y entonces me durmieron inyectándome algo en el cuello. 4 DE JULIO DE 1996 A la mañana siguiente me desperté pero me encontré dentro de otra tienda de campaña, estaba atado a una camilla con correas que me sujetaban los brazos y las piernas, no podía moverme, intente de forcejear de un lado para otro para intentar soltarme pero la camilla estaba tan mal que acabo cayéndose conmigo de cabeza. Vino una enfermera que me atendió poniéndome de vuelta de frente, vino un soldado afroamericano de piel negra y de aspecto robusto que parecía un coronel. Le explique que quería entender adonde se habían llevado a Claire, el coronel me explico que al parecer se la habían llevado a un centro medico que se encontraba a unos metros mas al norte, yo exigí de querer irme pero el coronel me explico que estábamos en medio de un campo de batalla, las naves alienigenas se estaban acercando al Area 51 y mientras los líderes habían creado un plan para destruir la nave nodriza que se encontraba en la órbita de la Tierra, la guerra estaba apunto de terminar, pero eso no me tranquilizaba para nada, perdí a la única persona que apreciaba desde que murieron mis padres el dia anterior. Unas horas mas tarde todo un escuadrón dirigido por el presidente Whitmore fue directo hacía la nave que estaba sobrevolando el Area 51, fue una cruenta batalla en la que muchos murieron pero un viejo loco aviador se apoyo encima del arma principal de la nave destruyéndola y haciendo que estallase la nave desde dentro. Mientras en el espacio la nave nodriza fue destruida haciendo que todas las demás naves alrededor del mundo acabasen cayendo, la guerra contra los invasores había terminado por fin, a pesar de las vidas que se perdieron. Ahora que todo había terminado empezaron las remodelaciones y construcciones de los países que acabaron destruidos, puede que hubiéramos vencido pero ahora teníamos que volver a empezar de cero una vez mas. 31 DE JULIO DE 1996 Pasaron los días y seguía sin saber nada sobre Claire, estaba claro que se le habían llevado bien lejos y eso me dificultaba las cosas, no tenía adonde ir, no tenía un hogar, no tenía absolutamente nada. Lo único mejor que podía hacer ahora, era encontrar a Claire aunque me costase la vida, y no era una opción fácil. Fui preguntando a varios personas para ver si la habían visto, pero nadie sabía nada, entonces ahí me acorde de que ella quería ir a Mexico a ver a sus padres, entonces eso me dio una idea de adonde podía ir. 2 DE AGOSTO DE 1996 Me quede buscando la manera de encontrar algún transporte que me llevara directamente a Mexico pero no había nada que me llevara lo mas cercano a la frontera con Estados Unidos y Mexico, fui preguntando por si había trenes o autobuses que me llevaran ahí directamente pero no había nada, se habían pasado tanto tiempo reconstruyendo el mundo que no se pasaron a poner algún tipo de transporte urbano que llevara directamente al otro lado del país, nadie quería ir a Mexico ya que todos se estaban aprovechando de la vulnerabilidad de los civiles, todos preferían quedarse en tierra muerte que acabar en un lugar peor, pero eso me daba igual, tenía que llegar hasta ahí como fuese. Me decidí una ultima vez con una estación ferroviaria que me llevaba al pueblo mas cercano a la frontera, pero entonces uno de los adjuntos me dijo que la estación estaba cerrada debido a que había una huelga y nadie estaba trabajando haciendo que nadie pudiera salir del lugar, estaba atrapado en un lugar que no conocía. Me quede destrozado, pensaba que jamas volvería a ver a Claire a menos que ya hubiera muerto de su enfermedad que jamas me contó, no la perdono por eso, pero en cierto modo respeto su decisión acerca de no haberme dicho nada o me habría quedado con esa sensación de remordimientos por haber tratado con alguien que resultaría imposible de razonar. En ese momento apareció un hombre que estaba en las mismas circunstancias que él, era un hombre mayor y se notaba perfectamente que era latino, se llamaba Federico, me dijo que hacía donde iba, yo no sabía que decirle, pero entonces vi donde estaba y observe que estaba con su familia, así que eso podía descartar que fuera alguien peligroso que intentase raptarme por cualquier razón, entonces le dije que pretendía llegar cerca de la frontera al pueblo mas cercano de Mexico para intentar de encontrar a Claire, entonces él me dijo que estaba reuniendo a un grupo de gente para ir directamente a El Paso, Juarez, tenía un autobús y pretendía llevar a cualquiera que quisiera ir, me lo pensé y lo acepte sin rechistar, le abrace dandole las gracias. Esa misma tarde me monte en el autobús junto con una docena de gente que también eran latinos e iban directos a Mexico, a mi no me importo que fuera el único americano metido dentro del autobús, en ese momento una mujer mayor se me sentó al lado, le deje sitio, aquella señora se llamaba Carmen, era una mujer agradable, le explique iba directamente a Mexico a buscar una persona que había visto una sola vez, al principio me dio vergüenza porque no sabía si aquella mujer se creería que estaría arriesgándolo todo por una mujer a la que apenas conocí en su momento y que apenas confeso todo lo que había dicho en un cierto principio. Entonces Carmena le explico que en su ciudad natal tienen un dicho: Cuando te cruzas con alguien con quien desesperas estar, es porque el destino te ha unido a estar con ella y eso te hace fuerte para demostrar que no dejaras nada atrás. Apenas comprendió eso de una cierta forma metafórica, pero si comprendía una cosa, esto no lo estaba haciendo porque tuviera que despedirse o quisiera verla una ultima vez, lo hacía porque la quería y quería estar con ella, ahí lo tenía claro. Paso la tarde y ya habíamos recorrido como unos 400 metros al sur, pronto llegaríamos a la frontera mas cerca aunque era obvio que se haría de noche muy pronto, no sabía si íbamos a seguir conduciendo por la noche o simplemente descansaríamos en algúna parte. Entonces al cabo de unos minutos nos detuvimos en un pequeño descampado abandonado, toda la gente empezo a sacar cosas que habían metidas al otro lado del autobús, no entendí que pretendían hacer con todo eso aunque parecía ser que se estaban montando una fiesta al aire libre. Federico monto una fiesta para celebrar el decimoquinto cumpleaños de una chica a la que había visto anteriormente en el bus, era su hija mayor, agarro una guitarra y empezo a cantar mientras la gente iba bailando como si no les importara para nada lo que estuviera pasando en el mundo, para ellos tenían lo suyo propio y yo lo mío, pero yo no tenía razones para poder bailar. Al cabo del rato se me acerco la hija pequeña de Federico, me invito a bailar pero yo me negué, al final me insistió agarrándome por la manga y al con eso no tuve opción, me invito y yo me quede bailando con ella a pesar de que era un mal bailarín, observe a toda la gente que había alrededor, estaban todos felices como la vida y la pasión por sus costumbres le fuera a ello, no les importaba que el mundo hubiera acabado de aquella forma, les importaba mas el hecho de que estaban todos juntos celebrando algo importante, como una familia, una familia que yo no tenía. 3 DE AGOSTO DE 1996 Al día siguiente todos seguimos nuestro propio camino, aquella mujer Carmen me siguió explicando cosas de la vida acerca de lo bueno que era qué fuésemos humanos ya que somos capaces de soportar lo que fuera, eso fue algo que pude creérmelo. El trayecto se hizo largo pero al final conseguimos llegar adonde queríamos ir a parar, hacía Mexico, vimos la carretera que iba directo hacía el pueblo mas cercano a Mexico que era Juarez, El Paso, un guardia civil le pidió a Federico que entregara sus papeles, cosa que tuvo, menos mal, el guardia lo acepto y les dejo pasar. Cruzamos un buen camino recorriendo todo Juarez hasta acabar en un pequeño pueblo desierto que era el lugar mas adecuado donde podría estar Claire con su familia, me dejaron ahí y me despedi de ellos prometiendo que algún dia les volvería a ver, eso posiblemente, ellos se marcharon y entonces yo me quede ahí buscando el apellido Birch, y desgraciadamente había como unos quince con ese apellido, así que no me quedo otra que buscarlos a todos uno por uno. Aquello me duro un dia como mucho. 6 DE AGOSTO DE 1996 Tarde mas días de los que me esperaba, yo pensaba que hasta estas alturas iba a acabar mucho mas pronto, pero no, seguí así perdiendo el tiempo y convirtiéndome en un forastero en una ciudad hostil que se conocía todo el mundo, intente de hablar con cualquiera que me diera algo de informacíon, pero no sirvió de mucho y lo peor fue que en algúnas ocasiones un par de personas estaban queriendo robarme, siempre que fuera por ese camino querían quitarme las cosas cuando en realidad yo apenas tenía algo que me sobrase, me escapaba ambas veces logrando quitármelos de encima, pero eso no quería decir que volviera a encontrármelos de nuevo. Decidí largarme de ahí y empece a buscar como dios manda, un dia justo de pronto me encontré con un grupo de hombres que habían adquiridos partes de armas de los alienigenas esos, yo les hable queriendo saber de donde las habían conseguido, al parecer había un hombre que había estado haciendo negocios con tal de sacar algo de calderilla para el pueblo, justo uno menciono el apellido Birch. Birch, el nombre que justo estaba buscando, ¿era posible que fuese el mismo Birch de Claire Birch que buscaba? Le insistí queriendo saber si sabía donde vivía la familia de ese apellido, ningúno quizo porque no quería involucrarse con un yanqui como yo, pero el hombre que transportaba los artilugios comento que ya había pasado por ahí unas cuantas ocasiones y ahora mismo estaba apunto de volver ahí, aproveche y decidió llevarme. Pasadas unas dos horas de estar estacionando y preguntando por ahí por fin logre llegar a otro pequeño pueblo que me parecía desconocido, me baje agradeciendo al hombre por haberme llevado, me baje y me dispuse a ir a buscar a Claire, me metí en la casa pero la ama de llaves me insistía queriendo sacarme de ahí pensando que era un vagabundo pidiendo limosna, le explique todo pero ella no parecía entenderme, al final vino el padre que me oyó bastante claro. Me hizo caso y me llevo hacía Claire, había una habitación donde se encontraba toda la familia delante de ella, tirada en la cama con unos cables conectados a una maquina de bombeo de corazón, no tenía cabello, la leucemia le había pasado factura como me temía esperar. Se giro mirándome con una cara vacía y me reconoció, pensaba que iba a ser una de esas chicas que se conocen en un momento pero al dia siguiente es como si no hubieras existido para ella, me equivoque, si se acordaba de mi a pesar de todo. Me acerque a mirarla para saber su estado, la madre me notifico que no le quedaba mucho tiempo, habían hecho de todo pero no lograban que se mejorase, y no tenían a ningún experto por ahí cerca, estaban solos sin poder salvarla, yo pregunte acerca de cuanto costaba hacerle todo ese proceso y me dijeron que dentro de unas horas se le acabaría el tiempo, eso significaba que había llegado en el momento justo para poder despedirme, que mala suerte del destino. Pedí que nos dejaran solos, cosa que hicieron a pesar de que el padre no parecía consentirlo con muchas ganas, le hable queriendo saber que había hecho durante todo este tiempo, ella me dijo que la habían traído aquí para poder tratarla pero como no tenían fondos pues su padre empezo a hacer ese negocio de traficar con restos de artilugios que habían sido utilizados por los alienigenas como había visto antes. Yo luego le explique que la estuve buscando por todas partes pero no la hallaba de ningúna forma, hasta ahora. Ella se sincero conmigo sosteniéndome de la mejilla y me explico que no hacía falta que lo hiciera, con tal de saber que estuve bien con alguien ya era suficiente, pero yo se lo cuestiono sin entender el porque, le dije que la quería y que no iba a parar hasta poder ayudarla a pesar de que se estuviera muriendo rápidamente. Me lo recrimino hacíendome entender que por mucho que la quisiera y que pensara que el amor de su vida, ella no estaba hecho para eso, ella estaba para poder ayudar a los demás en su mejor momento, y si lo había hecho, es que había merecido la pena, por eso era mejor que se le acabaría su tiempo, encontraría a alguien en algúna vida, y seguro que estaría feliz de ello sin lamentar su muerte. Al cabo de unas cuatro horas aproximadamente, ella acabo falleciendo en menos que nada, no duro nada, fue una muerte rápida como habían predicho, pero había valido la pena, porque pudo despedirse de alguien en el ultimo segundo. 7 DE AGOSTO DE 1996 Esa misma mañana hicimos el funeral, estaba todo el resto de la familia reunida junto con algúnos otros conocidos, lo hicimos al otro lado del sendero donde se encontraban unos cuantas lapidas mas, habían construido su propio cementerio ahí mismo, en vez de tenerla enterrada dentro de un ataúd decidieron incinerarla ahí mismo y poner una pequeña lapida en su lugar, como no tenían el dinero suficiente para un ataúd ya que en ese lugar eran demasiado caros decidieron hacerle un funeral vikingo con fuego y todo. Todos dijeron algo al respecto sobre lo especial que había sido ella, pero yo no dije nada, me quede atrás no queriendo saber nada, para mi solamente la conocía desde hacía unas horas incluida la ultima vez que la vi, de que me servía hacer un repaso de toda su vida si lo único que sabía es que me engaño no queriendo confesarme de que tenía leucemia. Una vez que todo acabo viendo como el fuego quemaba su cadaver, yo me di la vuelta y me marche de ahí no queriendo saber nada en absoluto de lo que hicieran ahí, me fui al otro lado de la casa donde estaba todo vacío, me quede ahí bebiendo del agua que tenía la única botella que me había traído, me quede rezagado ya que no sabía que hacer ahora, estaba solo en esta tierra con gente a la que apenas conocía, ya no podía volver a Nueva York porque era mas una tumba gigantesca que otra cosa, habían empezado las reconstrucciones de la mayor parte de las capitales del mundo, a lo mejor podía ir a algún lugar de esos a encontrar un trabajo como obrero como mucho, pero antes tenía que saber como lo haría. 8 DE AGOSTO DE 1996 A la mañana siguiente el padre de Claire me anunció de que había un hospital medico del cual necesitaban bastantes vacantes, yo accedí a ello ya que veía una oportunidad en la que poder hacer algo útil, me dijo que había unos compañeros suyos que necesitaban ir ahí mismo, accedí a que me acompañaran ya que pasaban por ahí. Al cabo de unas horas vinieron un par de tíos llamados: Ernesto y Juan, tenían una caravana como de cuidados médicos, de la que utilizan para pasar de vez en cuando a hacer una donación de sangre, parecían bastante amables me despedi de toda la familia aunque a cambio me dieron un montón de comida y algúnas herramientas por si necesitaba usarlas en algún momento especial, después de eso me fui. Durante como unas tres horas cruzamos colina abajo hasta llegar a otro pueblo bastante ruinoso pero se veía que estaba controlado por los militares, nos permitieron ver nuestros documentos, aunque yo no tenía ningúno, pero entonces ellos dijeron que era un paciente medico que necesitaba donar sangre, los soldados se lo creyeron y entonces nos dejaron pasar, siempre parecía que los mexicanos lo tenían todo bastante arreglado a pesar de las apariencias. Hicimos otro largo recorrido hasta llegar al hospital que se encontraba al otro lado de la esquina, era bastante enorme y apenas había lugar donde poder aparcarlo, entonces surgió un guardia que nos guió hacía una parte vacía donde había espacio suficiente como donde ponerlo, nos quedamos ahí y entonces ambos me acompañaron a la sala de recepción para pedir un trabajo, la sala de recepción estaba bastante llena y seguramente había que esperar un montón de tiempo para que nos dejaran hablar con la mujer que estaba al otro lado, entonces Ernesto se cruzo poniendose al otro lado de la fila y se puso a hablar con la mujer aunque esta le regaño queriendo que volviera a la cola, Ernesto siguió insistiendo hasta que al final la mujer se harto y decidió llamar a seguridad, aparecieron un par de guardias con una pinta enorme, al verles Ernesto no tuvo mas opción que volver con nosotros, estaba claro que no nos lo iban a dejar bastante fácil. Al cabo apareció una enfermera avisando de que les faltaban personal, justo entonces aproveche y me comunique para que me dejasen participar, la enfermera mas que nada acepto al verme, me despedi de los dos sabiendo que ahora que tenía cosas que hacer iba a estar bien. Me llevaron al otro lado del hospital donde parecía que había habido un atentado y traían consigo a unos cuantos heridos, algúnos de ellos graves, yo le pregunte para que me necesitaba y ella me anunció que ayudara a los paramédicos a transportar a los recién llegados, vi uno al que los de una ambulancia les costaba bajar con el carro a uno así que ayude a bajarlo lentamente, lo hice y después de eso los ayude a llevarlo a una sala donde lo reanimaron, casi pensaba que ese hombre iba a morir. Unos minutos mas tarde continue ayudando de cualquier manera, fui de un lado para otro preguntando sobre que hacer y ellos me daban algún pequeño favor como transportar medicinas o de tranquilizar a algúnos pacientes que estaban teniendo ataques de pánico, lo hice bastante bien. Pasada ya la noche ya no hubo nada mas que hacerle, ya no había mas trabajos, pero ahora estaba el problema de saber que hacer, no tenía donde dormir, podría meterme en una de las camas pero eso sería una autentica tontería, entonces me encontré con la enfermera de antes, me pregunto de si tenía a algún lugar donde quedarme y yo le conteste que no, que me buscaría la vida por el hospital. Entonces me confeso de que había una habitación de literas que nadie había usado, me la mostró y había unas cuantas que podía usar, se lo agradecí y me contesto de que si necesitaba algo podría llamarla, entonces me di cuenta de que no tenía ni idea de su nombre, yo le dije el mío y ella me contesto que se llamaba Sonya, me caía bastante bien la chica, utilice una de las literas de arriba para aprovechar y me puse a dormir, pero antes me quede pensando en que iba a pasar después de todo, me iba a quedar a vivir aquí si era posible o que iba a suceder entonces, este sería el principio de mi nueva vida. 14 DE MAYO DE 1999 El tiempo pasado y prácticamente ya era uno mas en la familia de todo este hospital, me había redimido, ya no era el de antes, era alguien nuevo, alguien con algo en lo que hacer, en lo que creer, y creía en seguir ayudando aquí mismo. Después del primer dia empezo a estudiar medicina ahí mismo, apenas sabía algo sobre operar pero al menos sabía lo suficiente como para hacer incisiones o atar los hilos en las heridas de los pacientes, con eso tenía mas que suficiente. Todo eso se lo debía a Sonya, jamas se había ido de ahí, siempre estaba conmigo, ayudándome con todo lo demás, aunque claro, manteníamos una grata relación juntos en secreto, ella era un poco mas mayor que yo, pero al menos me gustaba tener a alguien al lado y que siguiese con vida, después de haber perdido a mis padres y a Claire, ella era la única mujer que me importaba. El mundo se había arreglado después de la invasión, apenas nos acordábamos de que antes había habido un ataque alienigena que diezmo las capitales de la tierra, la gente había conseguido reunirse para impedir que esto volviese a suceder, decidieron instalar bases militares por todas las zonas del mundo para impedir cualquier acto alienigena en la Tierra ya que habían rumores de que algúnos de esos extraterrestres continuaban vivos y sueltos por ahí matando gente. No me importaba que siempre hubieran soldados patrullando por ahí, pero lo que mas raro me resultaba era la posibilidad de que hubiera algún regreso de esos seres otra vez y de nuevo tuviéramos que vivir con miedo otra vez, y yo lo perdería todo justo cuando estaba en los mejores tiempos de mi vida. Hoy era un dia especial, hoy era mi cumpleaños y seguramente el personal del hospital me haría algúna fiesta en mi nombre, no era muy importante ahí pero al menos era alguien bien respetado por los demás. Pasaron las horas sin que sucediera algo y entonces cuando pensaba que todo el mundo se había olvidado de mi, sucedió lo que justamente me imaginaba, me habían estado escondiendo una fiesta de cumpleaños con todo el mundo ahí reunido y con una tarta llena de bengalas por encima, todo el mundo me dio la enhorabuena y entonces sople las velas, todo el mundo algún pequeño regalo de su parte en especial alguien a quien yo no esperaba para nada que me diera algo, se trataba de Hutch, el tipo grandote que no paraba todo el tiempo de presumir que era el mejor medico de todo el hospital, el hombre era un autentico capullo a pesar de que se llevaba bien los pacientes, en especial los ancianos. Me regalo un juego de guantes de látex para que la próxima vez no me liara con ellos así tendría mas que suficientes, era algo que yo llamaría un regalo de mierda para un mierda como él, pero en cierto modo tenía razón, era un desastre con los guantes de látex, jamas me acostumbraba a ellos y cada vez que me los ponía los acababa rompiendo tontamente. 15 DE MAYO DE 1999 Desde aquel día me seguía cuestionando de si Hutch estaba por momentos siendo una buena persona o no, nunca lo había visto siendo bueno conmigo, y si lo había sido en algún momento, no creo que ni lo hubiese notado. Ese mismo dia estaba haciendo un pequeño listado de los pacientes cuando entonces vi algo tan raro que no pensaba creerlo, descubrí a Hutch liándose con una de las enfermeras de mas abajo, la señorita Smith, ambos estaban metidos en aquel estrecho armario como solamente se hacía en las películas, abrí la puerta sin querer pensando que no lo notarían pero me acabaron descubriendo, no sabía que hacer así que hice lo único mas sensato y estupido que se me podía ocurrir en ese momento, dije: HOLA, y después de eso me recrimino que cerrara la puerta e hiciera como si no hubiera visto nada en absoluto, después de eso me marche haciendo caso de lo que dijo. Horas mas tarde me reuní con Sonya y le explique lo que había visto, ella se rió sin creérselo hasta que entonces los vi a los dos apunto de cruzarse, se cruzaron y se saludaron de una forma tan poco cordial como creíble, siguió sin creérselo así que decidí hacer que fuese hablar con Smith, me lo reprocho cuestionándome de porque tenía que ir a hablar con ella, así que ella propuso de que iría a hablar con ella a menos que yo fuese a hablar con Hutch, yo le insistí de no hacerlo pero ella me prometió de que me daría algo especial si lo hacía, yo me lo creí sin razón alguna aunque accedí no porque ella me lo insistiese sino porque era bastante obvio que este era un tema que no iba a terminar nunca. Mas tarde me encontré con Hutch y me dispuse a hablar seriamente con él pero como amigo que estaba con un apuro, al mismo tiempo Sonya se puso a hablar con Smith, yo estuve hablando con Hutch acerca de los problemas que era que no pudiéramos hacer muchas cosas en el hospital, mientras que Sonya se puso a charlar con ella como si se tratasen de buenas amigas de toda la vida, aunque mas bien parecía la típica conversacíon de amigas instituto que se ponen contentas con prácticamente todo. Seguí así como así hasta que al final llegue a quedarme conforme con Hutch con casi todo, al final no se había cabreado conmigo mientras que Sonya se lo había pasado bien con ella casi olvidándose de lo que pedí antes. Después de eso nos volvimos a reunir queriendo saber que habíamos descubierto cada uno y descubrimos que cada uno estaba a su bola, prácticamente nada nuevo pero ahora pudo entender a Hutch y descubrir que no era tan mala persona después de todo, simplemente tenía sus malos días y de vez en cuando le salía uno de esos cabreos que no aguantaba nadie. Esa misma noche me encontré solo en el turno de guardia, Sonya se había ido a hacer unos recados y en cambio yo me quede solo, no sabía si había alguien mas pero en esta misma noche yo me encontraba bastante aburrido de que no sucediese nada interesante, ni un solo paciente se había vuelto loco o estaba provocando problemas, cuando las cosas estaban en perfecto orden, era cuando menos importaba. De pronto escuche un extraño ruido que venía de algúna parte, salí asomando la cabeza y no vi nada, pero escuche como alguien tiraba por cosas, decidí salir para verlo aunque no dije nada como para poder encontrar al individuo que se encontrase ahí entre las sombras y así no se escapase. Cruce la esquina hasta llegar a la sala de urgencias, veía que alguien había estado tirando todos los carros dejando esparcidos un montón de medicamentos, pensé que a lo mejor se trataba de un paciente que estaría robando algunas cuantas medicinas para poder drogarse apropósito, llegue al fondo siguiendo su rastro de destrucción hasta que pude ver que terminaba en el interior del pasillo principal, decidí tener precaución porque no sabía si podía estar armado con algo o no, asomo lentamente la cabeza pero no vi nada excepto un montón de restos tirados como si alguien se hubiese estado peleando con la habitación en un puro arrebato de ira, ya no oía nada pero tenía mis sospechas de que a lo mejor estaba por ahí, intente de prender la otra luz, lo hice y se ilumino todo de golpe y justo en ese instante algo me dio en la cabeza, caía de espaldas mientras veía como un sujeto con una sudadera con capucha negra se iba largando por el mismo camino por el que vine, pude notar que se le estaban cayendo los medicamentos durante su recorrido, podía ir a perseguirle pero el golpe que me había dado me dejo un buen corte con sangre en la sien, me quedo noqueado durante varios segundos hasta que se me cerraron los ojos y me quede inconsciente del todo. 16 DE MAYO DE 1999 Al dia siguiente vino la policía para poder registrar el asunto, yo les explique que estaba de guardia y que aquel sujeto enmascarado con capucha me dio en la cabeza y se escapo con los medicamentos, Sonya me trato la herida en la cabeza, aquel golpe fue tan fuerte que tuvo que ponerme puntos alrededor de la sien, el comisario vino y me hizo las típicas preguntas que se les hacen a todos cuando han estado involucrados en algún crimen: ¿Conocía al sospechoso? ¿Lo había visto de antes? ¿Porque estaría robando medicamentos en un hospital cuando supuestamente lo podría haber hecho en una farmacia? Yo les dije que no tenía ni puta idea, así que ahí entonces empezaron a revisar cada una de las habitaciones asegurandose de que no se hubiese llevado nada, piso por piso fueron revisándolo todo hasta que al final registraron las taquillas del piso de abajo y ahí entonces encontraron algo inusual, dentro de mi taquilla se encontraban los medicamentos que se había llevado el sujeto de anoche, ¿como era posible eso si supuestamente se largo con ellas? El comisario me recrimino que quería saber porque se encontraban los medicamentos ahí mismo, yo les dije que no tenía ni idea, que a lo mejor el sujeto me los puso ahí apropósito para tenderme una trampa, el comisario se partío de la risa con eso, entonces no tuvo mas opción que hacer su propia incrédula conclusión, yo robe los medicamentos metiéndolos dentro de la taquilla para que luego mas tarde los pudiese recoger en el momento oportuno debido a que eran demasiados y necesitaba algo mas grande para llevarlos sin que resultase sospechoso, fingí el ataque para que así luego tuviese una coartada y nadie pensaría que yo robaba, yo se lo recrimine que no era así, todo el mundo se me quedo mirando tratándome de culpable, incluido Sonya que me miro con una cara como de pensar que no era el hombre que conocía. Esa misma tarde el director Rosewood que dirigía el hospital hablo con el comisario para saber que harían conmigo, no tenían pruebas de que me hubiesen tendido una trampa, pero en todo ese tiempo me dio mucho que pensar, ¿quien iba a ser capaz de tenderme una trampa? Yo era muy bueno con todo el mundo, nadie me odiaba, excepto una sola persona que ya me daba mal rollo desde el principio, Hutch, eso mismo, el muy cabron no se había hecho bueno conmigo después de todo, seguramente esto habría sido algo que había estado maquinando desde hacía bastante tiempo y lo logro, pero no podía hacerlo solo, tendría que haber tenido un complice, alguien que se hubiese metido durante la noche mientras yo estaba haciendo guardia y aprovecho para hacerme salir y dejar inconsciente para que así pensase que alguien me ataco y que luego todos pensasen que me lo invente, pero tampoco tenía mucho sentido, ¿porque quería hacerme parecer culpable? Que tenía yo en contra de él, era por lo que descubrí el otro dia, aquello era tanto que tenía que tacharme de ladrón de por vida, si era así entonces era un completo sociopata egoísta. La puerta se abrió y de ahí salió el comisario pidiéndome que fuese a ver a mi jefe, lo decía con un aspecto de sentirse bastante afligido por lo que me estuviese por pasar, yo intente de darme no muchas esperanzas por lo que pudiese decirme, paso al interior donde ahí se encontraba el director mirándome con una cara como de no intentar mostrarme demasiadas emociones de culpa. Me senté a su lado y me pregunto que si había hecho eso de robar los medicamentos, yo le insistí que no, que me habían tendido una trampa, pero seguía sin créeme, así que entonces dije lo único mas sensato que podía hacer para que me creyese, le dije que podía haber sido Hutch el que me hubiese tendido la trampa, se me quedo mirando estupefacto, ahora estaba recriminando el hecho de como era posible que estuviese acusando a alguien tan bueno como Hutch de haberme tendido una trampa si casi nunca hace nada malo, ahí entonces lo tenía, la coartada perfecta, Hutch se hacía el bueno siempre, no me soportaba porque sabía que era él único que conocía todos sus secretos de quien era en realidad, así que por eso decidió cometer ese acto, me inculpo para que yo así le dejase en paz de una vez, Rosewood siguió sin creerme, así que entonces me explico que podía hacer dos cosas, podía denunciarle por robo de propiedad privada y que el comisario lo llevase a comisaría, o despedirlo automáticamente, aquello me dejo estupefacto ya que sabía muy bien cual iba ser la respuesta a todo eso, sabía que jamas iba a creerme con lo de Hutch, no tenía nada con que demostrarlo, la había hecho buena, así que no tuve otra que tomar la segunda opción. Una hora mas tarde recogí mis cosas dispuesto a largarme de ahí después de todos los años que pase dispuesto a ganarme una nueva vida tras la invasión, deje la taquilla vacía y ahí entonces vino Sonya dispuesta a despedirse o intentar de darme una explicación de si lo hice o no lo hice, ella sabía que podía confiar en mi, que yo no hice lo que hice, que aquel golpe en la cabeza era imposible que me lo hubiese hecho yo mismo a menos que alguien me ayudase, yo le insistí que no, que nunca haría eso, entonces luego ella me pregunto que quería haría después de todo eso, le dije que me iría de aquí y encontraría un nuevo lugar donde se me necesitasen de mis habilidades, ahí entonces Sonya se dio cuenta de que si yo me marchaba significaba que nuestro amor se acabaría, ahí le explique que no quedaba otra, era imposible que me quedase con ella sabiendo que todos me seguirían tratando de culpable, la perdone por todo y le dio un ultimo beso de despedida sabiendo que podía ser la ultima vez que la viese, pero también le avise de que tuviese cuidado con Hutch, él seguiría estando aquí en el hospital y vayase a saber lo que estaría dispuesto a hacer una vez se fuese, lo deje bien claro y entonces me marche. Recogí mis cosas y me marche recorriendo todo el hospital mientras cada uno de los empleados a los que yo consideraba mis amigos me miraban como si hubiese hecho el peor crimen jamas cometido, mucho peor que la invasión alienigena del 2 de Julio de 1996, deje de mirarles ya que sabía muy bien lo que estaban pensando, cruce la puerta y me marche saliendo del estacionamiento, pero antes me di una ultima vuelta para comprobar de que nadie me miraba como para echarme de menos, no quería hacerlo, pero lo hice, nadie me miraba desde afuera, pero había algo que si lo hacía, observe por una de las ventanas que ahí se encontraba Hutch despediendose de mi con una sonrisa incrédula su cara, luego desapareció cerrando la persiana. No entendí que era eso pero se veía claro que él tío ni siquiera sentía la mas mínima tristeza porque yo me fuese, ahí tenía mi prueba, él muy cabron lo había hecho después de todo, me echo a la calle por su culpa, pero ahora ya no podía hacer nada, no podía decirle al comisario o sino pensaría que estaría loco, era mejor dejarlo estar, me marche del todo dispuesto a no volver nunca mientras siguiese ese idiota ahí para arruinarme aún mas la vida de lo que ya la ha hecho. Con el poco dinero que tenía me busque uno de esos hoteles de carretera como para pasar al menos una noche, de ahí me buscaría una nueva vida en algúna parte mientras no hubiese nadie que me la arruinase, pague una habitación pequeña por una noche que era lo suficiente que tenía, pero valía la pena, me quede esa noche revisando los periódicos para ver si había algún trabajo que me pudiese servir de ayuda, los marque todos con un rotulador pero todos ya estarían ocupados, pero no era solo eso, era también porque como cometí un crimen de robo todos pensarían que les seguiría robando a pesar de todo, necesitaba encontrar un trabajo en donde no tuviese que mandar un expediente o un curriculum o lo que sea como para que al menos no viesen que era una mala persona, entonces se me ocurrió una idea, casi toda la mayoría de la gente mala siempre acaba yendo hacía Canada para pasar desapercibido y sin que la justicia los encuentre, ese era un lugar perfecto, tenía que buscarme un trabajo en Canada, de lo que fuese mientras viviese de lo poco que podía encontrarme por ahí. 17 DE MAYO DE 1999 Esa misma mañana pague lo de la habitación y pregunte al recepcionista sobre si podía encontrar algún vehículo o a cualquiera que me pudiese llevar directamente a Canada, él joven recepcionista me dijo que de vez en cuando pasaban todo tipo de camioneros que transportaban troncos y que los llevaban hacía un aserradero que todos conocían cerca de la zona, entonces pensé en intentar de pedirle ayuda a uno de esos camioneros si encontraba algúno. Me dirigí a la autopista haciendo auto-stop y esperando a que algúno me eligiese como para llevarme al lugar mas cercano para pasar por la frontera de Canada, estuve ahí como media hora esperando hasta que al final me encontré con un camión que no transportaba troncos, sino mas bien ropas de belcro, se me paro y entonces se abrió mostrando que resultaba ser una mujer bastante robusta pero parecía bastante cariñosa a primera vista, me pregunto que si necesitaba ayuda y yo le dije que estaba buscando un trabajo en el aserradero que había cerca de la frontera de Canada, ella me dijo que pasaba casi muy cerca por ahí, entonces ella acepto llevarme y me fui directo con ella sin problema algúno. Estuvimos como un buen rato haciendo todo ese recorrido y mientras ella hacía ello yo le explique toda mi historia de como perdí a mis padres, como perdí a la única chica que había amado hasta aquel primer momento, como perdí mi trabajo por culpa de alguien a quien yo pensaba que tendría al menos algo de humanidad, me resultaban mas humanos los alienigenas esos que destruyeron el mundo hace tres años que el cabron tramposo de Hutch. Ella me explico que se llamaba Susanna y que llevaba en este trabajo durante mas tres años, el mismo tiempo que en cuanto se inicio el nuevo mundo a manos de la invasión alienigena, al parecer ella tenía un marido que se ocupaba de esas cosas pero entonces un dia mientras intentaban de encontrar un lugar seguro para refugiarse de los ataques de los alienigenas, había un hombre que una vez intento de robarles, los obligo a bajar del camión y entonces él intento de detenerle pero le acabo disparando en todo el pecho, se quedo ahí sangrando sin que ella pudiese hacerle nada, entonces yo le pregunte que qué había pasado con el hombre que intento de robarles, me contesto que justo unos segundos después paso un coche que iba a mil por hora y lo acabo arrollando en el momento, unos segundos antes y podría haberlo matado antes de que le hubiese disparado al marido, ella pudo sobrevivir, pero desde que termino la invasión ella se propuso terminar el trabajo de su marido como para que al menos tuviese algo con lo que vivir, en todo ese rato me estuvo explicando la suerte que tenía de que al menos tuviese el camión porque sino tendría que haber encontrado otro trabajo menos rentable, gracias a ese trabajo le permitía descubrir todo tipo de gente nueva, como yo, que me había dejado subir sin preocupación algúna. Paso un buen rato y en ese tiempo me dio hambre, ella me dijo que unos metros mas adelante se encontraba un restaurante donde siempre venía a comer de vez en cuando, yo accedí sin problemas, estacionamos delante del restaurante y ella me invito a una hamburguesa con patatas fritas, la hamburguesa estaba buenísima, hacía tiempo que no comía algo tan bueno como eso, me estuvo explicando que de vez en cuando casi nunca invitaba a nadie a comer de esa manera, pero yo siendo un adolescente con poca cosa me invito, pero no solo eso, le caía bien porque veía que era una buena persona, entonces yo le dije que como era que sabía que era una buena persona, entonces me contó que el año pasado se encontró con un hombre que también quería ir a Canada pero no tenía nada a mano, un tal George Smith se llamaba, la invito a llevarle directamente adonde quería pero durante el viaje empezo a comportarse de una manera compulsiva con casi todo, se puso a fumar todo el rato, se pasaba la mano por la cara, un autentico cerdo, y lo peor de todo es que encima cuando le dejo directamente donde quería ni siquiera le agradeció por haberle llevado, simplemente le aconsejo que limpiase la guantera de vez en cuando porque cualquiera podría quitarle lo que fuese, se marcho pero quedandose con el sentimiento de la duda de pensar en que a lo mejor hizo algo, reviso la guantera y observo que le quito el reloj de su marido cuando no miraba, un Rolex de cuatro libras que había conseguido en un concurso en una visita a Texas, yo le pregunte que hizo después, entonces me confeso que no había hecho nada, dejo que se saliese con la suya y se fuese con el Rolex como si nada, a partir de ahí entonces empezo a fijarse aún mas en la gente para saber en quien podía confiar y en quien no, y por suerte él parecía alguien confiable, por eso mismo le dejo pasar a su camión. Después de aquella cena ella me invito a pasar a dormir a su camión del cual también tenía para hacerse litera, no es que tuviese muchas ganas de ponerme a dormir ahí, es que resultaba raro que ella fuese tan amable conmigo después de haberme explicado que un hombre al que una vez le dejo montar en su camión le robase el reloj de su marido, pero ella se tenía demasiada confianza en mi como para poder negarme, lo acepto pero con la condición de que al menos no intentaría nada raro por la noche, aquello hizo que se riese al pensar que era una de esas personas, pero no, me equivocaba, era una persona muy gentil y cariñosa. 18 DE MAYO DE 1999 Paso la noche sin ningún problema, me desperté antes de tiempo y decidí ver como estaba el tiempo, abrí las persianas del camión pero procurándome de que no despertase a Susanna ya que ella seguía dormida todavía, deje que ella se quedase durmiendo durante un rato mas hasta que llegase el momento, salí sin hacer mucho ruido y me quede ahí afuera en el exterior, hacía bastante frío, seguramente por estar en una zona elevada, me senté en la parte auxiliar del camión y me quede ahí pensando en que iba a hacer una vez llegase al aserradero, podría trabajar como cortador de leña, mecánico de coches, o de lo que fuese que tuviesen ahí si es que había trabajo suficiente para mi, si no lo había, entonces me había metido aquí para nada, pero como me sucedió antes, siempre encontraba la solución a todo. Al cabo de cinco minutos Susanna se despertó y se levanto, se fijo que yo estaba fuera y se quedo sentada delante de mi mientras servía un vaso de te caliente junto con la mitad de su bocada, era lo menos que podía hacer por ella, ella sabía entender por mi mirada que estaba deseoso de poder llegar al aserradero, sabía que ese no era un trabajo muy rentable ya que toda la mayoría de las personas que acaban ahí metidas siempre acaban perdiendo algúna extremidad, pero aquello no me daba miedo, me daban mas miedo los alienigenas volviéndonos a atacar una vez mas que perder un miembro de una forma tan tonta. Una hora después nos pusimos de vuelta a hacer el recorrido pero esta vez con mas entusiasmo ya que lo tomamos como un juego, decidimos hacer una apuesta, si no llegábamos al aserradero como a las seis de la tarde, ella ganaba y tendría que cortarle el pelo yo misma ya que decía que hacía tiempo que no se lo cortaba, yo no era un experto en eso ni era peluquero, pero una apuesta era una apuesta, y si yo ganaba pues entonces le prometería de que recuperaría su Rolex, ella no estaba muy segura de eso ya que asumía que Smith de algúna forma habría vendido el reloj para ganarse algúna otra fortuna, pero yo sospechaba de que no lo había hecho y aún lo seguía teniendo, jure encontrar a ese bastardo y devolvérselo aunque tuviese que hacerlo por la fuerza, lo acordamos y seguimos adelante. Pasaron las horas y yo estaba deseoso de que yo ganase la apuesta para que así pudiese devolverle lo que le pertenecía, si fuese por mi no habría hecho nada y pensaría que el hombre desapareció de la faz de la tierra, pero después de lo que me hizo Hutch el otro dia, ya no podía quedarme de brazos cruzados y dejar que otro mamon de los cojones se saliese con la suya, esta vez no, esta vez me tocaba a mi superarme y permitirme devolverle la felicidad a otros. Al cabo de tres horas conseguimos cruzar la frontera de Canada, un par de hombres nos inspeccionaron el camión, el guardia nos pregunto quienes éramos, yo pensé que a lo mejor eran uno de esos a los que no les gustaba que metiesen inmigrantes en otro país cerca de Estados Unidos, pero esto no era Mexico, aquí los canadienses eran amables y respetaban a todo el mundo, y resultaba que el guardia ya se conocía a la mujer y la dejo pasar teniéndola buena confianza, era como me esperaba, los canadienses nunca cambian de actitud, siempre son amables en todo momento, cruzamos la frontera y de ahí estuvimos otra hora mas hasta llegar a la fabrica que era donde tenían que empaquetar las ropas que transportaba en el camión, estaba todo en orden y un par de trabajadores empezaron a ir quitando todas las cajas que habían dentro, yo ayude un poco pero ella me insistió en que lo dejase estar y me marchase, había ganado la apuesta, dejo que intentase de recuperar su Rolex, no es que tuviese mucho confianza pero viendo la seriedad con la que le ponía, estaba mas que dispuesta a dejar que lo intentase de cualquier manera, me despedi de ella prometiéndole que encontraría a George Smith y le quitaría el reloj para devolvérselo a ella el dia en que intentase de cruzármela de vuelta una vez mas, me marche yendo directamente al aserradero. Tarde como menos de una hora en llegar ahí, era una zona acordonada vigilada por varios soldados canadienses, había toda una fila de hombres que estaban dispuestos a querer entrar para poder buscarse su propio trabajo, los soldados explicaban que ya tenían bastantes hombres trabajando en la leña pero les faltaba algún medico que les atendiese, entonces esa fue mi oportunidad, les llame y entonces vinieron a buscarme, uno de esos me agarro y me arrastro hacía el frente donde se encontraba el que parecía ser el lugarteniente jefe en funciones, me miro fijamente y no pensó que fuese medico, pero le explique que había estado trabajando en una clínica durante un par de años y que tenía bastantes habilidades como enfermero, el hombre no se quedo muy convencido pero como no tenía ninguna otra idea decidió dejarme pasar. Me acompaño a visitar al dueño del compañía, el señor Trumbull que era el que dirigía el aserradero, parecía un hombre bastante serio y arrogante, tenía una colección de cigarrillos y puros a un lado de la mesa, era uno de esos que se hacían los interesantes apropósito para hacerse ver bien, me pregunto cuales era las habilidades que tenía y le conté que podía hacer todo aquello que estuviese en mi mano para proteger la seguridad del aserradero y de sus trabajadores, el hombre me miro fijamente mientras me tiraba el humo de su puro en la cara, se quedo convenció de una manera favorable que justamente yo era la persona que andaba buscando, alguien que aceptaba lo que sea con tal de que todo estuviese a su disposición. Me dejo clara que para mañana trabajaría como medico y demostraría si podía servir para algo o no, dejo que me buscase mi propia litera en los aposentos donde dormían todos los trabajadores ya que toda la mayoría eran hombres que no tenían nada y habían venido con muy poco, así que no me importaría intentar de buscarme alguien con quien hablar por lo menos. Me llevaron a la choza donde todos vivían, dentro era un lugar bastante húmedo y poco halagador, todos los trabajadores eran personas de treinta o cuarenta años y tenían un aspecto sórdido como si fuesen mas osos que seres humanos, el mismo lugarteniente les explico que yo iba a ser el nuevo medico y tendrían que tenerme algo de respeto ya que algún día posiblemente les curaría de todo mal, me dio algo de ropa como para cambiarme ya que no le gustaba el aspecto que tenía, le hacía parecer alguien que había estado mendigando durante toda su vida, no entendí a que se refería con eso pero al menos me dejo un poco mas de ropa de la que tenía antes, dejo que me buscase mi propia litera y entonces se marcho avisándome de que si necesitaba algo de ayuda que lo fuese a buscar a su casa que estaba al otro lado de la fabrica, marche a buscarme mi propia litera mientras pasaba por cada uno de los trabajadores, todos tenían una pinta bastante poco halagadora y me miraban como si fuese un inútil que se había metido en un lugar donde no debía, decidí no hacerles caso y encontré una litera que parecía que no estaban usando, deje mis cosas a un lado y me fui al vestuario que había al final de la esquina para ponerme la bata que servía como pijama, era un pijama a rayas como de esos que usaban los judios durante el holocausto, casi pensaba que esto era mas un centro de detención que una fabrica, me puse a dormir ahí y entonces apagaron la luz junto con todos los demás ya puestas en sus respectivas literas, estuve un buen rato analizando todo aquello que iba a hacer, no sabía cuanto tiempo me iba a pasar aquí, posiblemente semanas, meses, años, ¿quien sabe? Al final empezaría a acostumbrarme a este lugar y lo trataría como paso antes con la clínica, los trate a todos como amigos aunque mas bien no iba a ganarme a ningúno, todos seguramente eran borrachos que querían pasar desapercibidos al igual que hice yo, pero yo quería vivir de algo, y si todos ellos no iban a ponerse a colaborar conmigo, entonces tendría un problema. Pasaron cinco minutos desde que se apagaron las luces, me costaba dormirme en esa cama tan poco comoda, no tenía ni idea de si los colchones tenían dentro muelles o era una de esas camas romanas con pinchos, lo siguiente mas ridiculo es que estuviese recubierto de guisantes como en el cuento ese, de pronto sentí algo raro, como que me estaban llamando, pero apenas se notaba, me gire y observe que uno de los trabajadores me estaba mirando, este era un poco mas joven que todos los demás, ya lo había visto antes, llevaba gafas y el pelo corto, me pregunto que si sabía lo que estaba haciendo aquí dentro, y yo le pregunte que estaba buscando un trabajo en el aserradero, que me habían puesto como enfermero personal, entonces él me dijo que mis servicios no me servirían de nada ya que aquí lo único que hacían era romperse apropósito para no seguir trabajando, no entendí a que se refería con eso, me explico de que todos estaban hartos del jefe y de vez en cuando la mayoría se hacía daño utilizando las herramientas para no tener que trabajar y así mientras tanto seguían cobrando por lo que hacían, ahí entonces lo entendí, yo no era el enfermero, yo era el que se ocupaba de ayudarles a pasar del todo mientras ellos se comportaban como los vagos inútiles que eran, que buen trabajo había obtenido, ahora entendí porque me miraban mal, estaban desesperados por querer utilizarme, de eso habría tenido que esperármelo de algúna manera, luego el me pregunto que como me llamaba, le conteste que me llamaba Darren, él me contesto que era Demian, nos estrechamos la mano pactando que seríamos socios mientras trabajábamos en nuestras propias tareas aquí dentro, ahora empece con buen pie. 24 DE MAYO DE 1999 Pasaron varios días y a lo largo de todo este tiempo empece a acostumbrarme a la vida en el aserradero, no era el mejor de todos los trabajos que había tenido hasta ahora, pero al menos empece a organizarme un poco mejor las cosas y saber muy bien lo que era el trabajo duro, del tipo de estar tanto tiempo usando la fuerza bruta que se te hacen ampollas en los dedos, eso si que era un trabajo de verdad, me ocupo de atender a todos los enfermos que venían y venían constantemente, sabía que lo hacían apropósito para sacar de quicio a Trumbull y así hacerle perder unas cuantas cuentas de dinero apropósito, pero quien era yo para poder juzgar, yo había venido aquí a buscar un trabajo, y si lo había encontrado era para poder quedarme, y así era. Todos me trataban mas bien como si fuese su medico privado para poder atenderles de las heridas que se hacían apropósito pero al menos mantenía unas cuantas conversaciones con ellos de vez en cuando, sobretodo con Damien que era él único de todos los trabajadores que me caía bien ya que todos eran unos osos humanos enormes con ganas de tocar los cojones al jefe, al menos él no, cada vez que me visitaba siempre me contaba toda su vida, que había perdido a su tío en Arizona durante al ataque alienigena, que se había pasado yendo de casa en casa intentando de encontrar un lugar donde hospedarse hasta encontró este lugar, y yo lo mismo, le explique como perdí a mis padres en la invasión, que me quede solo e intente de buscar a la única chica a la que pude tratar como mejor amiga, que me encontré a otra chica de la cual me enamore y me quede con ella trabajando en el hospital hasta que al final el maldito de Hutch me echo y me tuve que venir aquí, vio como sentía que la echaba de menos a Sonya, así que me aconsejo que le enviase una carta diciéndole cuanto la quería, me lo pensé durante un buen rato hasta que al final lo decidí, esa misma noche me puse a hacer mi carta en mi propia litera antes de que apagasen las luces, los demás ya estaban viniendo aunque no parecían estar bastante pendientes de lo que yo hacía, en cambio Damien si, que se me acerco preguntándome si al final lo estaba haciendo, le comente que estaba planeando decirle que como le iba ahora que yo no estaba, que estaba trabajando en el aserradero y me adaptaba a esta nueva vida, que como eran ahora las cosas en el hospital, cosas así, entonces otro de los trabajadores a los que ya conocía por ser bastante incrédulos me recrimino que si le estaba mandando una postal con una foto de yo todo desnudo como para mandársela, aquello hizo que todos se echasen unas risas, Damien me aconsejo que pasase de ellos ya que eran unos brutos machistas, cosa que hice, pero de pronto me di cuenta de que necesitaba un sello para ponérselo a la carta, le pregunte a Damien si tenía, él no dijo que no, así que intente de preguntárselos como para al menos saber si estaban dispuestos a hacerlo después de todo lo que hice por ellos, todos pasaron de ello y se hicieron burlas, en cambio uno de ellos si tenía, se permitió entregármelo con total confianza, se llamaba Gordon, era uno de los pocos trabajadores que no se comportaban como la mayoría, se lo agradecí y entonces puse el sello encima de la carta, pero ahora me quedaba entregarla, pregunte por donde tenía que entregarla, entonces Damien me dijo que tenían una bustía de la que de vez en cuando usaban para mandar algúna cartas, decidí ir a probar. Salí de la choza y me dirigí hacía la bustía que estaba al otro lado del aserradero, cerca de donde vivía Trumbull, intente de meter la carta pero entonces vino el lugarteniente Jonas poniéndome la luz de su linterna encima de mi cara, me pregunto con un tono como de desprecio que era lo que hacía, yo le confesé que quería entregar una carta, entonces él me explico con total amargura que hasta mañana no iba a venir el cartero, el cartero venía los fines de semana ya que casi nunca nadie pasa por aquí a recoger el correo y que tendría que esperar unos cuantos días hasta que apareciese para llevarse la carta, ahí me dio un altibajo ya que eso significaba que iba a tardar mas de lo que pensaba, me comento que la mayoría de todos ellos siempre se solían escabullir por la noche de vez en cuando para largarse al pueblo que había colina abajo y por eso mismo me acorralo usando la potencia de luz de su linterna, decidió dejarme ir ya que era nuevo y apenas había aprendido algo de lo que era la vida aquí, me marche con mi propia carta sabiendo que mañana la entregaría seguro, aunque me daba bastante lata ya que necesitaba mandársela a Sonya para que viese que no la había olvidado del todo. 27 DE MAYO DE 1999 Llego el sábado y ahí me dispuse a entregar la carta, la tire dentro de la bustía y de ahí espere a que el cartero viniese o la persona encargada de hacerlo, hasta ahora no había visto quien era el que se llevaba las cartas pero al menos esperaba que fuese alguien eficiente y que entendiese de estas cosas porque sino le estaba entregando una de las pocas cartas que había hecho en mi vida a un bruto sin cuidado, entregue la carta en la bustía y entonces espere un buen rato haciendo otra de mis cosas hasta que al final vino el cartero, era básicamente aquello que no me esperaba, era un hombre de unos cincuenta y tantos, con uniforme azul y cartera, entonces recordé que estaba en Canada y aquí los carteros eran así, tal cual como uno siempre veía en la televisión, todos le entregaron varios cartas y ahí entonces vino que se me llevaba la mía, decidí preguntárselo para asegurarme de que la iba a entregar directamente al lugar que quería que entregase, él me dijo que él no era el que repartía el correo, él simplemente se encargaba de llevar el correo directamente a la central de Correos y de ahí ellos se ocupaban de eso, ahí entendí que ya no podía hacer nada mas, él hombre se marcho con todas las cartas esperando a que viniese la siguiente carta que seguramente sería de ella para dar su respuesta. Damien me aconsejo que no esperase tanto ya que en estos tiempos el sistema de correos no era tan eficiente como era antes y que de vez en cuando podría perderse algúna carta, ahí comprendí que ya no podía hacerme grandes esperanzas con este tema, tenía que esperar, o quedarme aquí y no hacer nada, esta si que era una digna vida. 4 DE JUNIO DE 1999 Paso como una semana y en todo ese tiempo estuve esperando la llegada de una carta que podría ser la respuesta a todas mis desesperaciones, pero tal y como me decía Damien todos los días, este no era un lugar perfecto, aquí cualquier cosa pasaba incluida una carta, la central de Correos podría entregar la carta o perderla de una forma tonta, pero entonces oí que hoy habían mejorado los sistemas en la central de Correos, lo que significaba que al menos los trabajadores ahí no iba a ser unos inútiles a los que se les cae las cartas al suelo como si fuesen comida, seguí haciendo mis cosas como cada día aunque deseaba que por lo menos llegase algo porque sino empezaría a pensar que Sonya no me echaba de menos, que todo lo que habíamos tenido no había sido real, ¿que mas podía hacer? No podía quitarme la idea de la cabeza, cada vez que pasaba Damien a verme siempre me decía que me lo tomase todo en calma y que de vez en cuando siempre llegaba, una vez vio que uno de los que trabajaban aquí anteriormente recibió todas las cartas que le habían sido enviadas alrededor de hacía todo un mes anunciándole que no tenía sida, cuando descubrió que no lo tenía, se marcho a buscarse una vida mucho mejor ya que ahora podía disfrutarlo de su nueva vida sin problemas, casi sentía ganas de reirme sino fuese porque era verdad, pero eso no me aliviaba mucho, lo mío era peor que recibir una notificación en la que me decía que tenía el VIH, necesitaba esto cuanto antes, aunque lo mas curioso de todo es que jamas había perdido la esperanza en intentar de recuperar el Rolex de Susanna, tenía que encontrar de algúna forma a ese George Smith estuviese donde estuviese y razonar con él para que entendiese que ese reloj no le pertenecía y tenía que devolvérselo a su autentico dueño, si iba a tener que enfrentarme a él, no me quedaría otra. Al cabo de una hora mas tarde apareció el lugarteniente Jonas diciéndome que Trumbull quería verme y que fuese con él, lo dejo todo tal y como estaba y marche a verle. Me acompaño hacía su casa donde ya se encontraba él sentado junto con una botella de coñac poniéndosela en un vaso grande, me pidió que me sentase a su lado para beber de ese mismo coñac, lo hice sin mas preámbulos y decidí probarlo, me sentó bastante mal, aquello hizo que Trumbull al notar que nunca antes había bebido de una botella como esa, se lo deje todo a él ya que tenía claro que esto no era para mi, le pregunte acerca de porque era que me había dejado pasar, él me explico que se había pasado todas estas semanas observándome y analizándome para saber como era, le explique hacía que un trabajo digno atendiendo a los trabajadores, de pronto se me echo a la risa otra vez pero esta vez como si estuviese siendo sarcástico, me quede mirándole como intentando de entender si había dicho algo gracioso o no, se levanto sosteniendo su vaso con el coñac y me explico con un tono incrédulo confesándome que sabía que se hacían daño apropósito, pero no le importaba lo que les pasase, para él todos eran ellos suyos y si se hacían algo entonces le parecía mayor castigo que echarlos y que se buscasen la vida en otra parte, no le importaba siquiera que yo les atendiese, solamente quería que los dejase de una pieza para que luego volviesen al trabajo que les correspondía, ahí entonces lo entendí, este lugar era peor de lo que parecía simple vista, nadie aquí se respetaba en lo mas mínimo, me aconsejo de que tuviese cuidado con ellos ya que la mayoría de ellos eran unos yonquis obsesionados con domesticarse con todas las drogas posibles, así que si había algúno que necesitaba algún medicamento, tenía que avisarle a Jonas y entonces él se ocuparía de ello, no me gustaba como sonaba eso pero por el aspecto en que se mostraba Trumbull con esta situación, parecía que le daba igual si algúno de los trabajadores se moría o no mientras él sacase bastantes beneficios, me pidió que me levantase y ambos nos dirigimos al exterior poniéndolos en la terraza observando todo el aserradero, se notaba bastante, me argumento de que antes de la invasión aquel aserradero no era nada, simplemente era una pequeña fabrica con muy pocos recursos, pero entonces vinieron los desastres y las muertes y eso hizo que todos los beneficios fuesen directos hacía ciertos lugares donde mas se necesitasen de mano de obra barata, ahí entonces él aprovecho y con los beneficios que le habían enviado lo utilizo para modificar el aserradero y hacerlo un poco mas útil, construyo su pequeño imperio ahí mismo y eso era algo por lo que iba a luchar para mantenerlo así, asintió complacido dandose otro sorbo de ese vaso con coñac, entonces mencionó que sabía de que quería entregarle una carta a alguien, yo le confesé que era para una chica a la que deje atrás en mi anterior trabajo, se me rió encima sabiendo al entender para que lo hacía, me apoyo la mano en su hombro como si fuese su amigo del alma y me acompaño de vuelta al salón, me dio su resumen de como era sus ideales con las mujeres, para él cuando una mujer estaba con él, la situación se ponía difícil, me dirigió hacía la chimenea que tenía en el rincón y me enseño una foto donde se le veía a él con un aspecto menos joven junto con una mujer de pelo rizado y algo robusta, era su exmujer, vivía con él durante 26 años hasta que se fue del todo, le pregunte si había muerto durante la invasión pero él me respondió que no fue así exactamente, era un poco antes de la invasión, falleció de cáncer de mama, la había estado ayudando a tratarla durante bastante tiempo pero no lo consiguió, le pregunte por si la echaba de menos, él me contesto que si, pero de lo único que mas le frustraba aparte de todo eso, era que nunca tuvieron un hijo juntos, un heredero, ahí entonces entendí porque era tan bueno conmigo, yo era lo mas parecido a un hijo para él, una de las pocas personas que sabían valer de lo que uno era por dentro, me aconsejo que no perdiese la esperanza e intentase de recuperar a esa chica antes de que fuese demasiado tarde o sino la perdería para siempre, seguramente estando sola donde estaba era capaz hasta de casarse con cualquiera, aquello fue algo que me recalcamo la cabeza con solo de pensar. Me marche de ahí agradeciéndole a Trumbull por haberme dejado pasar y entonces volví directamente a la sala medica a seguir con o mío, pero esta vez de una cosa estaba bastante segura, tenía que seguir mandándole cartas a Sonya o sino las cosas empeorarían mas de la cuenta. Al cabo de una hora mientras yo estaba revisando las cuentas de los medicamentos, oí un alboroto que sonaba desde el otro lado, salí y observe que todo el mundo estaba yendo directamente hacía la entrada de la fabrica, era el cartero que había vuelto junto con un montón de cartas, todos querían saber si había recibido algo o no, yo fui pasando por encima de ellos preguntándole al cartero si había algo para mi o no, él contesto que si y me entrego una carta, me entusiasme y me marche corriendo de vuelta a la choza mientras Damien y el resto de los trabajadores me seguían por detrás ya que por algúna razón sentían curiosidad por saber que ponían, me metí dentro y me senté en la mesa que usaban los otros para jugar al poker, los otros me rodearon y se pusieron a ver que ponía, abrí la carta usando una de las cartas de poker que habían tiradas en el suelo, saque la hoja y me puse a leerlo mientras los demás me presionaban para que lo leyese en voz alta. Lo fui leyendo y la carta ponía que Sonya estaba siguiendo con los tratamientos de los pacientes, que me echaba de menos, que ahí no era lo mismo, que a Rosewood lo habían jubilado y ahora habían puesto a otro que se comportaba de una manera terca la mayor parte del dia, la mayoría de los enfermeros me echaban también de menos, decían que no había ningún enfermero mas leal que yo, que hasta encima Hutch decía que me echaba un poco de menos aunque no lo parecía, y que sinceramente le hubiese encantado que no se hubiese marchado sin al menos haber tenido una ultima noche juntos, ahí me quede alucinado ya que no me imaginaba que al final después de todo, ella decía que me echaba de menos, y no solo eso, sino todo el personal, incluido hasta el maldito de Hutch, seguramente ahora se estaba arrepintiendo por lo que me hizo antes, todos los demás que tenían al lado se me quedaron mirando con una cara de entusiasmo al ver que la chica a la que amaba me echaba verdaderamente de menos, eso era un logro que no se veía todos los días en estos tiempos, Damien me aconsejo de que ahora tenía que seguir con eso y enviarle todas las cartas que le pudiese entregar, en eso estuvo mas que de acuerdo. Pasaron los meses y me pase todo el verano entregándole todas las cartas que le podía entregar en tan poco tiempo, le explique la vida que tenía, los amigos aquí como Damien, que ahí al menos no tenía que pasarse todo el dia teniendo que atender a todo tipo de pacientes reprochándome por cosas raras ya que aquí todos eran los mismos y solamente tenían una sola queja, mientras yo seguía mandando, ella me mandaba muchas mas cartas donde me decía que seguía trabajando de enfermera, la habían ascendido y era ahora era jefa superior del departamento de enfermería del hospital, lo que significaba que ahora en vez de estar tratando mas pacientes ahora estaba mas metida en el papeleo que otra cosa, le costaba bastante hacerse a la idea pero se adaptaba bien de momento, y junto con todo eso seguí adelante según pasaba el tiempo, pero había una cosa en la que nunca me iba a quedar atrás, en recuperar el Rolex de Susana, todavía seguía sin encontrar a George Smith y aquí no estaba haciendo ningún progreso importante, pero yo iba a seguir sin parar, encontraría a ese hombre aunque me durase el resto de mi vida. 4 JULIO DE 2001 Habían pasado dos años desde la ultima vez que me prometí a mi mismo que intentaría de recuperar el Rolex y no lo hice, la defraude completamente, me había quedado tan estancado en este lugar que básicamente era el único en el mundo que conocía a la perfección. Las cosas habían cambiado bastantes desde mucho tiempo, apenas salía, apenas hacía mi trabajo, ahora estaba mas pendiente en intentar de cortar troncos que en atender a los otros, me había vuelto un poco mas maduro, mas fuerte, aunque eso no sabía si me iba a aportar algo o no, ya no me sentía el mismo de siempre, sentía mas odio a mi mismo que otra cosa, estaba tan enfadado por no hacer nada de lo que me prometí que me decante por cortar troncos un hacha ya que eso era lo único que me hacía sacar toda la ira en mi interior, Damien siempre me aconsejaba que no me acostumbrase demasiado a esto ya que hacía era como luego todos siempre empeoraban de peor manera, casi toda la mayoría de los trabajadores se habían quedado aquí debido a que no pudieron hacer nada de lo que se prometieron hacer, él no quería que yo fuese uno de ellos ya que era demasiado bueno para cambiar de actitud, quería que yo fuese por como era antes, alguien entusiasta y decidido y que no nunca echase la vista atrás a nadie, pero yo lo hice, cometí el error de dejarme llevar por el trabajo y ahora ya no podía escapar de ello, estaba encerrado en este lugar y no por voluntad propia, lo estaba porque ya había perdido la esperanza en mi mismo. Lo peor de todo encima no era sobretodo eso, lo peor era que no había vuelto a recibir una carta de Sonya desde octubre del 2000, yo intente de enviar mas cartas pero no estaba recibiendo nada de ella, no entendía que era lo que pasaba, pensé en que a lo mejor se había cansado de mi y no quería volver a verme de ningúna manera, habían pasado dos años y en este tiempo cualquier cosa puede pasar, pero esto de pensar que Sonya me había olvidado era algo demasiado habitual, tenía que descubrirlo de algúna manera, pensé en intentar de pedirle a cualquiera que me dejase su teléfono o lo que sea que tuviese a mano para poder contactar con el hospital si es que acaso ella seguía trabajando ahí, pero entonces el lugarteniente Jonas me pidió que marchase con Trumbull cuanto antes para un asunto urgente, no tenía muchas ganas de ir pero no quedo otra opción, a lo mejor pensé en pedirle prestado su teléfono a Trumbull ya que tenía uno alambico en su despacho encima del escritorio. Marche con el jefe y ahí entonces vi lo que pasaba, Trumbull se encontraba en un estado bastante deplorable, no paraba de toser todo el rato y estaba que no paraba de beber de la misma botella de coñac todo el rato, me pidió que me sentase y ahí entonces me explico lo que le pasaba, al parecer a él también le había cogido un cáncer pero distinto del que tenía su mujer, todos los años que se había pasado fumando de sus puros y bebiendo de esas botellas alcohólicas le habían sentado fatal a su pulmón e hígado junto y eso hacía que se estuviese muriendo desde dentro, eso pude comprobarlo antes de que me lo explicase, me contó que como ahora no le quedaba mucho tiempo, necesitaba buscar la manera de que un nuevo heredero se hiciese con la fabrica en cuanto se marchase y como él siempre confiaba en mi quería que yo me hiciese cargo del aserradero. Aquello me dejo estupefacto ya que nunca antes me imagine que me dejase ese obsequio, casi sentía que me lo agradecía, pero entonces pensé en todo el daño que me había hecho hasta ahora, no podía tenerlo ya que esto sería mi condena, me sincere con él diciendole que no podía tener esta oportunidad ya que me sentía viviendo en una carcel, entonces pensé en que a lo mejor se lo tuviese que dejar a Jonas ya que siempre había estado pendiente de él antes de que yo llegase, él se lo pensó detenidamente y dijo que ya se encargaría de eso, me dejo marchar sin ningún problema y me puse a intentar de volver para saber si el cartero regresaba con algúno nuevo o no, resulto ser que si, por primera vez en un año y medio había recibido una carta y era de ella, volví corriendo a la choza mientras Damien y el resto me seguían apurados ya que también querían saberlo, abrí la carta como hacía todas las anteriores veces y me puse a leerla en voz alta, me explico que no había estado escribiéndome cartas debido a que en este tiempo había mantenido una cierta relación con Hutch, se habían pasado como varios meses saliendo hasta que al final él se confeso y le propuso matrimonio, ella acepto y dejo de ponerse a leer sus cartas ya que estaba ocupada preparando los preparativos para casarse, se había casado hace tres meses y ahora era cuando se puse a leer todas sus cartas y decidió que esta sería la ultima que le dejase, me comento que le había encantado el tiempo que habíamos pasado juntos pero ahora tenía que seguir adelante y no pensar en el pasado, ahí no lo pude creer, me quede tan estupefacto que sentía que me habían perforado el corazón, la chica a la que tanto amaba se había casado hace tres meses con el hombre que arruino mi vida, el hombre que me echo del hospital quitándome a mi chica, ahí lo pude entender, ya entendí porque me hizo parecer que robaba en el hospital, no era solamente para poder echarme ya que me soportaba, quería a Sonya para él solo y lo consiguió, ahora entendí su plan desde el principio, ahora que lo veía claro sabía lo que tenía que hacer, tenía que salir de aquí y volver con ella para hacerle entender que cometía un error estando con él, me dispuse a marcharme cuanto antes pero Damien no me lo permitió ya que Trumbull no aceptaría que me largase así como así, yo discrepe de ese aviso y me marche empujando a todo el personal pero él intento de detenerme junto con todos los demás, me agarraron por el cuello y me pusieron contra el suelo para tranquilizarme. Me puse mas que malhumorado y empece a pegarle a todos los que se me ponían por delante pero Damien me agarro del cuello lo suficientemente fuerte para impedir que siguiese dandole golpes a todo el mundo, cosa que consiguió, me tranquilizo y me susurro que no lo hiciera, que lo dejase atrás ya que ahora ella seguramente tendría otra vida, no valía la pena ya que lo arruinaría todo y posiblemente Hutch lo matase, esta era su nueva vida ahora, mientras que la otra había terminado, tenía que dejarlo pasar, aquellas palabras me dejaron con un mal estado pero en cierto modo tenía razón, ya no podía hacer nada, estaba acabado, perdí a la chica de mi vida mientras que yo me quede aquí pudriéndome. Esa misma noche no quería irme a dormir, todos los demás se habían ido al centro del aserradero a celebrar el 4 de Julio, el dia en que la humanidad venció contra los alienigenas que casi destruyeron el mundo, pero yo no tenía nada de lo que celebrar, no hice absolutamente nada, me quede afuera ya que no quería que nadie me viese, me odiaba mi mismo por casi todo, no había podido salvar a mis padres, no pude ayudar a Claire, no le prometí a Susana intentar de encontrarle su Rolex, y encima había dejado que la ultima chica a la que había amado se fuese con la peor persona que conocía sobre el planeta, era un fracasado, Damien salió viendo que yo estaba solo tomando demasiado frío, me dejo su abrigo para que me calentase ya que no quería verme en este estado, me explico que estas cosas no eran fáciles y que de vez en cuando siempre ocurrían, la vida no era perfecta, ni siquiera mucho antes de que hubiese comenzado esto de la invasión, la vida servía para algo, tenía que aprender a vivir con ella aunque también tuviese que perder otra, ese era el precio por todo, me pidió que le acompañase a celebrar el 4 de Julio con los demás, me extendió la mano para que yo se la cogiese pero yo no quería, no quería saber nada de nada, entonces me mencionó que quería perder si de todas formas estaba encerrado aquí, en eso desgraciadamente tenía razón, le cogi de la mano y ambos marcharon directamente a una de las esquinas que había fuera del aserradero, ahí estaba todo el mundo reunido y haciendo un pica-pica con todo tipo de snacks para comer, se cogieron un plato y empezaron a comer como si no hubiese un mañana, habían montado un escenario en el frente, Trumbull se monto encima y junto con un micrófono empezo a decir que estaba orgulloso de haber estado todos estos años viendo como cada uno de nosotros estábamos trabajando con el mas mínimo esfuerzo, nos echamos de la risa aunque sabíamos que lo decía porque era cierto, no era un sarcasmo, luego explico que como tenía cáncer y no iba a durar lo poco que faltaba de este año, había decidido darle su puesto a alguien que se lo mereciese, y ese mismo era Jonas, se monto en el escenario aplaudiendo como si fuese una estrella mientras todos le aplaudían, al final el viejo me hizo caso después de todo, una de las pocas cosas considerables que había hecho en su vida, y como muestra de agradecimiento hacía todos, decidió que cantásemos el himno nacional para festejar este dia, ahí empezo, todos cantamos el himno nacional mientras apoyábamos nuestra mano sobre nuestro pecho como símbolo de respeto, todos lo hacían pero en cambio yo no ya que no tenía nada de lo que celebrar, lo había perdido casi todo entre esos días y aunque esto fuese un dia especial, no iba a cambiar nada de nada, Damien veía que no lo hacía y me insistió golpeándome con los codos para que lo hiciese antes de quedar terriblemente mal, no tuve mas opción y apoyo mi mano sobre mi pecho mientras empezaba a cantar, lo hacía pena pero al menos intente de seguir la corriente a todo el mundo, seguimos y seguimos durante un buen rato y parecía que la cosa no terminaba nunca, pero en ese momento me di cuenta de algo, todos habíamos pasado por una cosa terrible y aún así aprendíamos a vivir de ello, en cambio yo no lo hacía, estaba tan metido en este tema de querer prometer aquello que jamas cumpli, que no me daba cuenta de que aquí la única persona que no aportaba nada era yo, yo siempre estaría solo el resto de mi vida a menos que encontrase la forma de poder ser feliz de una vez por todas, puede que ya no tuviese a Sonya pero aún me quedaba mi propia vida para poder descubrir mucho mas de lo que yo me asumía, tenía que seguir, tenía que avanzar. 13 DE OCTURE DE 2001 El dia había llegado, Trumbull falleció a causa del cáncer que le estaba comiendo el interior del cuerpo, tenía razón, no duro mucho, cuando murió todos nos sentimos como si una parte de nosotros hubiese muerto de algúna forma, había perdido algo que aprendimos y ahora que estaba, nos sentíamos solos. Hicimos un funeral en el interior del aserradero, su cuerpo se encontraba metido dentro de un ataúd que construimos nosotros de forma artesanal, yo también participe, nos quedo bien, menos mal que no se nos paso la medida porque sino sus enormes pies lo habrían arruinado todo, estábamos todos ahí alrededor del ataúd intentando de saber que decir al respecto, nadie decía nada, se quedaron callados con una mirada indiferente, era como si no tuviesen mucho que decir cuando en realidad eso no era verdad, tenían mucho que decir, pero les avergonzaba la idea de tener que darle un homenaje a un jefe al que poco respeto le daban, yo estaba mirando a cada uno queriendo saber si alguien tenía algo preparado o no, mire a Damien y este estaba en las mismas, entonces no me quedo otra opción que hacer yo mi propio pesamen, me puse cerca del ataúd y saque una hoja de papel que había escrito antes, ahí explique que Trumbull había sido un buen hombre toda su vida, nos trato con respeto y nos apoyo cuando mas lo necesitaba, nos acogió como a hermanos y nos dio todo aquello que podríamos necesitar después de que lo hubiese perdido todo tras la invasión, yo no sabía mucho sobre él, pero algúnos quienes les conocían si y eso era algo de lo que tendríamos que estar mas que orgullosos, aquello parecía que les hizo entrar en razón a todos, finalice la carta diciendole que esperaba de que su perdida no nos influyese demasiado en nuestro trabajo y que siguiésemos adelante con esto, cerré la hoja y entonces volví con Damien, me apoyo su mano encima de mi hombro como para señalar que estaba orgulloso de que hubiese dicho eso, era lo correcto. Entonces paso el lugarteniente Jonas del cual ahora ya no estaba dirigiendo los guardias sino mas bien ocupandose ahora de dirigir el aserradero, explico de que había sido muy benevolente con él alrededor de los últimos años, siempre vio que éramos capaces de fortalecernos hasta cuando nos adaptamos a este nuevo milenio, estábamos aprendiendo a soportar las consecuencias del desastre, Trumbull fue uno de los primeros en adaptarse a eso, y nosotros teníamos que seguirlo también, continuaríamos el trabajo aunque eso supongase algúnos cambios, pero eso no implicaría que tuviésemos que vivir peor de lo que ya estábamos, hoy tendríamos el dia libre, pero mañana volveríamos el trabajo y continuaríamos como hemos hecho antes, lo dejo estar y entonces todos nos propusimos llevar el ataúd al interior del coche funebre que estaba aparcado al final de la entrada, se lo iban a llevar al mausoleo que había colina arriba donde se encontraba también su mujer, lo dejamos ahí metido y vimos como se lo llevaba, nos marchamos de ahí y todos se marchamos dispuestos a aprovechar lo que les quedaba de dia, yo decidí al menos irme al pueblo para averiguar ciertas cosas sobre George Smith, tendría que encontrar alguien con ese nombre por lo menos, ahora ya no podía quedarme de brazos cruzados y hacer como si nada de esto hubiese valido la pena, tenía que encontrarlo, por Susana Baje y me fui directo a todos los establecimientos preguntando si alguien llamado George Smith habría pasado por ahí de vez en cuando, todos dijeron que paso un Smith pero no era el que yo buscaba, yo estaba buscando a uno con acento sureño y con bigote o al menos alguien que tuviese un aspecto deprimente, todos siempre decían lo mismo, decían que habían visto todo tipo de personas desagradables pasar por aquí y yendo directamente hacía la frontera entre Estados Unidos y Canada, pero eso no me servía de mucho, sabía que este George Smith no se podría haber ido, tendría que seguir por la zona o al menos que viniese por ahí de vez en cuando, salí del ultimo establecimiento cuando entonces vino una persona que me decía que si estaba buscando a un tal George Smith, yo le conteste tartamudamente que si, entonces me dijo que lo conocía, yo se lo cuestione pero me dijo que vivía por aquí cerca, que tenía su propia tienda de caza unos dos metros al otro lado de la carretera, no sabía que pensar, podría ser una mentira o a lo mejor era verdad, pero yo necesitaba descubrirlo para saber si era cierto o no, decidí que me acompañase y entonces me llevo directamente hacía un bosque espeso donde apenas se veía algo, me dijo que su tienda estaba mas allá, no entendí como era posible que hubiese creado una tienda de campaña ahí mismo, seguí adelante hasta que entonces me llevo a campo llano donde no había nada, estaba vacío, yo se lo cuestione sin entender porque me había llevado hasta aquí, seguí intentando de entender la situación cuando de pronto algo me golpeo por detrás, caí de cabeza contra el suelo e incapaz de inmutarme, aquel mismo tío me había golpeado apropósito, me giro y empezo a darme todo tipo de golpes en la cara sin ningún motivo, me dio tantas veces que empece a sangrar por la boca y por la nariz, me recrimino que donde tenía el dinero, yo dije que no tenía nada que solamente había venido para preguntar una cosa, busco por todos los bolsillos del pantalón que tenía hasta que al final solamente encontró la carta de pesamen para Trumbull, este se lo cuestiono sin entender que era, yo apenas pude contestar, me dolía toda la mandíbula, este aprovecho y se sonó los mocos con ella, luego se lo guardo como si fuese un pañuelo, luego me dio otra paliza y esta vez me dejo tieso completamente, me desmaye haciendo que todo se me volviese oscuro de repente, no me hizo nada mas, simplemente me dejo ahí para morirme y pudrirme como si fuese basura, el muy cabron se aprovecho de mi me quito lo poco que tenía, pero menos mal que no era dinero porque sino habría sido mucho peor, pero ahora me encontraba aquí tirado, inconsciente y sin saber que pasaba. 14 DE OCTUBRE DE 2001 Me desperté de inmediato, abrí los ojos y lo vi todo negro, se hizo de noche, apenas podía moverme después de la brutal paliza que me dio ese tío, sentí que de algúna forma tenía una costilla rota o algún hueso partido, pero tenía que salir de ahí cuanto antes, intente de levantarme lo mas lentamente posible para que no se me crujiese nada de dentro, me puse de pie observe que no tenía nada fuera de lo habitual, el tío no me quito la ropa o me hizo algo por demás, solamente se llevo la carta de pesamen para Trumbull y me dejo aquí tirado para que me pudriese como si nada, me levante mientras me agarraba el esternón ya que me parece que eso era lo que se encontraba en un peor estado, me dispuse a largarme de ahí cuanto antes y buscar un medico, pensé en que a lo mejor alguien del aserradero asumiría que no estaba, me he pasado un dia entero ahí tirado sin que nadie me encontrase, seguí el mismo camino por el que vine, atravesé todas las ramas y llegue a la misma carretera que cruce, estaba todo desolado y ni siquiera había una sola luz prendida, lo que significaba que no podía pedirle ayuda a nadie para que me llevase a un hospital, sentía que me estaba muriendo y no iba a aguantar durante mucho rato, corrí lo mas rápido que pude pero note que había algo dentro del estomago que estaba matando, me fui directo a uno de los establecimientos a pedir ayuda pero no había nadie ahí, golpee la puerta y los cristales pero nadie me recibió, estarían durmiendo, me dispuse a ir de puerta en puerta para llamar la atención así averiguaría si a lo mejor alguien podré ayudarme. Estaba empeorando mas de la cuenta, tenía que buscar a alguien ya mismo, seguí todo recto pero ahí empece a toser sangre, ahora me di cuenta de que ya no tenía oportunidad, me caí en el asfalto pero yo quería levantarme ya que si al menos iba a morir no quería fuese en la carretera donde cualquiera podría atropellarme, pero al final no pude, me caí de costado y me quede ahí tumbado con la sensación de que me iba a morir del todo, deje toser y cerro los ojos. 3 DE DICIEMBRE DE 2001 Abrí los ojos otra vez, creía estar en el cielo, pero yo notaba unas luces demasiado naturales, se me aclaro la vista y ahí lo vi con claridad, estaba en una sala blanca con unas enormes luces de neon por arriba, era un hospital, al final me trajeron, pero no sabía como, me mire y observe que estaba ahí tumbado, tenía una pinza enganchada al dedo, esta tenía conectada un cable que iba a una caja electrónica donde controlaba mi pulso, no tenía ni idea de a que se debía eso, entonces pensé en todas las posibilidades que había de que hubiesen tratado mis heridas, me toque la cara y vi que tenía puesto uno de esos respiradores que iban conectados a los orificios de la nariz, entonces me di cuenta de que a lo mejor pude haber estado inconsciente durante mucho mas rato del que pensaba, mire de un lado para otro intentando de buscar a alguien y pedirle ayuda, me gire a la derecha y observe que ahí se encontraba Damien sentado en un sillón y dormido con la boca media abierta, le insistía que se despertase hasta que al final no tuve mas remedió que gritarle con toda la furia del mundo, al final se despertó reaccionando de una forma casi chistosa. Se entusiasmo al ver que me desperté, creía que me iba a quedar así para siempre, yo le pregunte que qué había pasado para encontrarme así, él me explico que me habían encontrado medio muerto delante de la carretera, tenía una hemorragia interna y me llevaron directamente al hospital para tratarme, lo consiguieron pero los daños que tenía eran tan graves que me quede en coma durante bastante, yo le pregunte que cuanto tiempo había pasado, él me dio que era 3 de diciembre, había pasado como un mes y medio desde que me golpearon a muerte, al menos yo me quede aliviado de ver que no eran años porque sino eso habría empeorado las cosas, intente de levantarme pero me insistió que no lo hiciera ya que había pasado demasiado tiempo acostado en esa cama, justo entonces vino el medico general que me estuvo tratando durante todo este tiempo, era un hombre de aspecto ingles con los pelos rizados de una rara manera pero tenía aspecto de parecer bastante profesional, me explico que me habían tratado de una costilla rota y un pulmón perforado, me hacía unas semanas me trataron y me extirparon el pulmón que tenía dañado y me cambiaron por otro, me quede exorbitado al oír eso, me levante la bata y observe que tenía toda una parte del tórax cocida, me extirparon el pulmón sin que yo me diese cuenta, pero entonces me di cuenta de que hubo un transplante, pregunte quien era él que me lo dio, entonces Damien se me acerco y se levanto la camisa mostrando que a él también le habían cocido, a él fue quien le extirparon el pulmón, él me dio su pulmón, me confeso que como no habían encontrado el transplante mas cercano él decidió que le diese él suyo para que al menos se salvase, me quede aliviado a la vez que agradecido, nunca antes nadie había hecho algo por mi de esa manera, luego él medico me explico que tuve una suerte de que su pulmón funcionase, pero ahora iba a tener que quedarme unas semanas hasta que me recuperase del todo, él medico se marcho y nos dejo solos a los dos, ahí entonces aproveche y pregunte por si me había perdido algo mientras yo estaba en coma, se sincero conmigo y me dijo que justo cuando había terminado el mes de octubre un objeto no identificado cayo del cielo y se estrello a unos metros mas abajo de donde se encontraba el aserradero, yo recrimine llevándome las manos a la cabeza al pensar que otra vez nos estaban volviendo a atacar los alienigenas estos, entonces me dijo que no era una nave sino mas bien un resto de la nave nodriza que se quedo flotando en el cielo y ahora justo cayo en la Tierra, las autoridades vinieron y se pusieron a registrar la zona para asegurarse de que no hubiese ningún rastro de radiación de ningún tipo, lo que significaba que ahora el gobierno controlaba todo lo que hubiese en la zona incluido el propio aserradero, lo cerraron permitiendo que ningúno de los trabajadores volviesen al interior, entonces ahí se me vino un mal presagio, luego me mencionó que Jonas había estado tratando con ellos para saber si podía hacer algo, entonces acepto un trato con ellos para que al menos pudiesen alojarse en un hotel y estar ahí los próximos días para que terminasen de limpiar la zona ocupada por los deshechos espaciales, asentí frustrado ya que no sabía que pensar, me golpearon, me dejaron en coma, y ahora él único hogar que conocía hasta ahora estaba siendo ocupado por el mismo gobierno que intento de ayudarnos con el mas mínimo empeño que utilizo para ayudarnos cuando sucedió la invasión, que gran vergüenza, al menos yo tenía la suerte de que Damien hubiese estado todo el rato protegiéndome y acompañándome durante todos los días, algo que yo no podría haber conseguido de ningúna forma, pero saber que por primera vez alguien estuvo a mi lado todo este tiempo, me hacía sentir como si todo esto no estuviese perdido, llore de lo atónito que estaba ya que ahora me daba cuenta de que no estaba solo en ningún momento, Damien se me quedo mirando y me exigió que no lo hiciese, pero yo estalle en lagrimas y no estuve mas opción que agradecerle y confesarle todo lo que sentía desde que mis padres murieron aquel dia en el puente del 2 de Julio de 1996, le agarre y le abrace ya que era la única persona que tenía desde que me marche del hospital y perdí a Sonya a lo tonto. 10 DE DICIEMBRE DE 2001 Estuve varios en rehabilitación tratándome para poder recuperar el equilibrio ya que mis piernas se habían quedado dormidas al estar tanto tiempo ahí tirado en coma, practique intentando de volver a lo que mejor sabía hacer mientras Damien me seguía ayudando, él no tenía otra cosa que hacer ya que todos los trabajadores que ya conocíamos se habían largado o estaban metidos aún esos moteles esperando a que todo este tema terminase de una vez por todas, decían que habían conseguido llevarse los restos que habían caído pero aún estaban tratándolo para impedir de que fuese uno de esos comunicadores para enviar tropas alienigenas, todavía quedaban naves especiales que estaban estacionadas en varios lugares remotos de Europa y Africa lo que eso suponía un peligro, pero hasta ahora no había pasado nada, estábamos seguros ante una una invasión alienigena. Veía por las noticias como se estaba formando un nuevo gobierno militar del cual se iba a aprovechar de las armas que habían recuperado de los alienigenas, estaban mas que dispuestos a impedir un nuevo ataque así que decidieron crear de todo, nuevos vehículos aéreos, mejores soldados, hasta encima una estación espacial en la luna donde ahí estarían atentos en todo momento de cualquier cosa que pudiese venir desde mas allá del sistema solar, también mostraban varias entrevistas hechas al presidente Whitmore donde decía que esta era una oportunidad para poder defenderse e impedir que mas gente muriese por culpa de esta plaga de seres, la anterior vez nunca estuvieron preparados pero ahora mas que preparados para impedir un nuevo ataque a la Tierra, casi me daba risa ya que cuando vinieron los alienigenas nadie supo que estos atacarían con sus rayos destructores matando a millones de personas al mismo tiempo, nunca estaríamos preparados y nunca lo estaremos cuando vuelva a suceder si es que vuelve a suceder, apagaron la tele cosa que justamente necesitaba en ese momento, ahí Damien me explico que no tenía que pensar en eso otra vez, tenía que pensar en que ahora teníamos una oportunidad para seguir delante sin pensar en el pasado, la vida estaba por algo y teníamos que adaptarnos a ello de algúna forma, yo me resigne ya que para mi no me quedaba nada de vida, para mi solamente era un trozo de carne que intentaba de sobrevivir a un nuevo mundo que desconocía y del que jamas se adaptaría a menos que le sucediese algo y olvidase que existió, al cabo de cinco minutos apareció el lugarteniente Jonas, esta era su primera visita, me saludo preguntándome que si estaba bien, yo le dije que si pero lo raro es que veía que afuera de la sala a un par de policías que parecía que venían con él, me explico de que habían encontrado al posible sospechoso que me había dado la paliza, quería llevarme a la comisaría para poder verificar que era él, yo sentía dudas de eso ya que me resultaba imposible que le hubiesen encontrado, pero si era él, quería ir directamente para así poder mirarle a la cara y descubrirlo por si mismo. Fui a la comisaría y de ahí me enseñaron a un grupo de cinco individuos en fila y llevando encima una serie de papeles con números del 1 al 5 casi parecidos, todos eran enormes y con una pinta que daba mal rollo, el comisario me explico que si no reconocía al sospechoso no pasaba nada, pero quería que estuviese seguro de que los estaba viendo bien, yo asentí y me quede mirándolos a través del cristal, sabía muy bien que ellos no me veían, pero con solamente de verlos ya me entraba el pánico absoluto, me quede un buen rato analizando a cada uno, intentando de acordarme del aspecto que tenía, de su mirada, ese aspecto que le daba una autentica maldad, lo hice una y otra vez hasta que de pronto me fije en el numero tres, por algúna razón me sonaba de algo, lo mire bien, era un tipo enorme, calvo y con un piercing en la oreja izquierda, lo miro fijamente y cuando lo hice me vinieron todo tipo de recuerdos a la cabeza, la de la paliza, la de quedarme inconsciente cuando me dio el ultimo golpe, ahí lo tenía, era él, él fue quien me dijo que sabía quien era George Smith y me acabo llevando a ese descampado donde me dejo medio muerto, yo señale que el numero tres, entonces el comisario le pidió al numero tres que diese un paso al frente, dio un paso al frente y ahí lo vi bien, durante un segundo cambio su expresión de la cara y pude acordarme del primer momento en que le vi a la cara, era él, yo confirme que si lo era, Jonas me pregunto que si estaba seguro, yo lo asumía pero tenía mis dudas, la primera vez que le vi tenía un gorro de lana que le tapaba la mitad de la cabeza, le pregunte al comisario si aquel tío había venido con algo o no, entonces me dijo que solamente unos guantes y un gorro de lana, justo lo que yo pensaba, entonces estaba bastante claro, era él, Damien me lo cuestiono sin tener ni idea de que era lo que estaba pasando, yo solté que si, totalmente confiado, entonces el comisario no tuvo mas opción que arrestarle, todos los demás individuos se fueron excepto él, vino otro policía dentro de la sala y lo esposo, en cuanto le puso las esposas, sentí como si de algúna manera estuviese sabiendo que estaba ahí mismo, no sabía como pero su mirada me penetraba el alma, como la primera vez que lo hizo. Jonas pregunto de quien se trataba, al parecer se llamaba Eduard Daniels, un fugitivo buscado por robo a mano armada y por violacíon a una adolescente hacía unos dos años, se le acusaba también de haber robado a bastante gente del pueblo sin que nadie lo notase, hasta ahora, el comisario se alegro de que al menos yo hubiese sobrevivido, pero yo no estaba tan seguro de eso, para mi haber sobrevivido a aquella paliza no era simplemente un buen animo, era la señal de que necesitaba hacerme mas fuerte, necesitaba aprender a defenderme por mi mismo de algúna manera. 20 DE ENERO DE 2002 El gobierno termino de limpiar la zona y de llevarse los escombros, lo que eso significaba que teníamos vía libre para poder volver de vuelta al aserradero, para el resto de los trabajadores había pasado una eternidad, pero para mi fue como si solamente hubiese tardado días en vez de meses, todos volvimos a lo que estábamos aunque claro ahora resultaba diferente ya que una media de los trabajadores habituales que conocíamos desde siempre se habían largado debido a que no querían volver mientras el gobierno estuviese ahí, aquello fue que ya me asumía desde el momento, ahora que necesitaban mas personal empezaron a venir nuevos trabajadores y eso significaba que también traerían un nuevo medico, a mi ya no me necesitaban, yo aproveche por otra cosa, después de la paliza que me dio Eduard Daniels decidí subscribirme a una escuela de artes marciales para saber defenderme de cosas como estas, estuve varios semanas aprendiendo con un buen profesor que me enseño todos los pasos a seguir, cualquiera diría que era del de Karate Kid que me enseñaba los típicos pasos que se hacen en todas las películas, pero al menos era un buen hombre que sabía lo que necesitaba, cada dia iba a su clase y después de eso volvía al aserradero a cortar leña con los demás, ya no me importaba si seguía ayudando a unos cuantos a poder curarse, de eso ya se ocupaba el nuevo medico que era mas benevolente que yo en mis primeros tiempos, todos los días seguí el mismo camino una y otra vez, pero había una cosa que no me detenía, y era seguir con lo de George Smith, la paliza que me dieron no me hizo quitar la sensación de que no iba a cumplir la promesa de Susana, seguí preguntándole a cualquiera con quien me cruzase pero nadie le conocía, empece a pensar en que a lo mejor él tío volvió por donde vino y jamas decidió regresar aquí, pero yo no deje de pensar en eso, lo encontraría aunque me durase la eternidad. Después de la ultima sensación que tuve con el profesor volví al aserradero y ahí Damien empezo a hablarme acerca de si echaba de menos la vida en Nueva York, de si tenía a alguien que aún quedaba con vida, yo confesé que todos los pocos amigos que tenía se habían quedado ahí y seguramente habrían muerto durante el primer ataque alienigena, pero yo ya no tenía ganas de pensar en ellos, eso era una vida a la que no quería volver de ningúna forma, él casi sentía un poco lo mismo, pero echaba de menos un poco la ciudad, decían que la habían reconstruido después de todo, que posiblemente consiguiese un nuevo trabajo ahí, estaba un poco harto de esto del aserradero, no era una vida en la que pasarse eternamente trabajando, él no era como los demás, él era distinto, yo intente de razonar con él para ver si cambiaba de opinión, pero estaba bastante claro que ya lo había decidido, no me importaba si abandonaba el aserradero, me importaba que él era el único amigo que me quedaba en el mundo y si se iba, no se que iba a hacer, él me recrimino que antes de todo eso ya estaba solo, que no necesitaba a nadie mas, que podía convivir con lo que tenía, en eso tenía razón, casi me daba la risa con solamente oírlo, pero al menos yo le di ánimos para que viese que esto podía servir, entonces se me ocurrió algo, decidí que al menos me ayudase a encontrar a George Smith y si lo encontrábamos, él se iría del aserradero a buscarse un trabajo en Nueva York, acordamos eso. 31 DE ENERO Pasamos varios días yendo de pueblo en pueblo preguntado sobre George Smith, pero nadie sabía nada, otro punto muerto, seguimos y seguimos y no había ni una sola pista que indicase que hubiese existido un tal George Smith, lo que resultaba raro ya que siempre había un Smith en algúna parte, pero ni por asomo alguien que empezase por George, era un gran fastidio, todos los días estábamos en las mismas, volvíamos al aserradero y de ahí hicimos como si nada hubiese pasado, luego otro dia mas, primero fui a las clases de artes marciales, luego a preguntarle a otra persona, y así sucesivamente, ya me estaba cansando este tema, ¿pero que podía hacer? Necesitaba hacerlo por Susana. Al dia siguiente, el ultimo dia de Enero, fui a las clases de artes marciales y ahí aprendi a hacer la técnica del giro de patada voladora, lo logre, nos tomamos un descanso tomándonos de nuestras propias botellas de agua, ahí me pregunto que era lo que hacía cuando no estaba en el aserradero, le admití que estaba buscando a ese hombre ya que tenía algo que le pertenecía a una persona que me ayudo una vez, dijo que me comprendía, que una vez le había pasado algo parecido, que un hombre le robo su cinturón negro que había ganado compitiendo cuando era niño, desde entonces jamas lo recupero pero de una cosa siempre estaba segura, y es que jamas dejaría que nadie le quitase aquello que mas le importaba, su esperanza de hacer las cosas bien, aquello me hizo entrar en razón, me hizo darme cuenta de que tenía que esforzarme por seguir adelante y continuar con mi búsqueda aunque tuviese que aguantarme un montón de problemas, acepte decidido a seguir con esto pero entonces él me dijo que esta era la ultima clase, yo me extrañe sin saber porque y él me dijo que le había pagado por cinco sesiones, en eso tenía razón, pero al menos me dio una palmada en el hombro y me dijo que había aprendido lo suficiente como para poder defenderme por mi mismo, casi me sentía desilusionado, pero al menos con eso me dio una grata gratitud de saber que podría con esto, se lo agradecí todo y me despedi de él ya que no sabía si lo volvería a ver en algún momento, recogí mis cosas y me dirigí al aserradero, una vez ahí vi que había un grupo de gente que estaba esperando en la entrada del aserradero, me metí y me dirigí hacía Jonas que estaba controlando al equipo, le pregunte qué que pasaba y me dijo que era un grupo de trabajadores que habían venido de una fabrica en la que se les había encendiado y venían aquí a buscarse otro trabajo ya que no tenían donde trabajar, como estos se habían puesto en huelga al no aceptar quedarse sin hacer nada decidieron meterlos aquí como para que hiciesen algo y no se quejasen por nada, reproche la idea ya que sonaba algo raro que utilizasen a toda gente para ayudarnos con lo que ya podíamos encargarnos solos, mire a todo el mundo y veía que todos una pinta mucho peor que la mayoría de los canadienses que había visto a lo largo de mi estancia aquí, intente de preguntarle a Jonas cual era la razón especifica por haberlos traído aquí, entonces él me contesto que era el típico asunto de burocracia que nadie entendía, me lo tome de la misma manera, entonces decidí volver a lo mío y no encargarme de mirarlos a todos ya que notaba que muy pronto iba a ver problemas o algo parecido, cogi un par de troncos de leña y mientras lo hacía escuche a un hombre presentandose y decir que se llamaba George Smith, ahí se me cayeron los troncos, me gire y vi a un hombre vestido con un anorak color beige, pero lo que mas me llamaba la atención era el bigote que tenía, era posible que fuese, el guardia lo dejo pasar y entonces avanzo casi pasando por delante mío, él me miro con amargura pero no me hizo caso, pero con solo mirarlo ya sentí una rara sensación, por un segundo me puse a mirarlo y observe que tenía algo en la muñeca, era un reloj, un reloj de oro, un Rolex en perfecto estado, ahí le tenía, después de tanto tiempo resulto que estaba ahí mismo, no se había largado, se había ido a trabajar a otra fabrica y ahora que esta estaba incendiada, había ido a parar justamente a mis manos, ¿pero que podía hacer ahora? Como le detenía sin que me descubriese, necesitaba ese Rolex de algúna manera, me lo pensé detenidamente y al final solamente se me ocurrió una cosa, tendría que razonar con él aunque fuese por las malas. Esa misma noche estaba empezando a llover así que todo el mundo a recoger las cosas y llevarlas al interior del aserradero para que no se estropeasen, sabía muy bien que George Smith estaría con los suyos recogiendo los materiales, tenía que hacerle sacar de ahí mismo y llevarlo a algún lugar donde pudiese quitárselo sin que nadie lo notase, pero si lo hacía, entonces estaría cometiendo el mayor error de mi vida, no podía atacar a otro empleado porque sino me echarían, pero tenía que llevárselo a Susana, pero caí en la cuenta, ¿que era lo mas importante para mi? ¿Devolverle el Rolex a Susana? ¿O quedarme aquí y pudrirme el resto de mi vida sin haber mucha cosa? Tenía que hacerlo, así también Damien se marcharía de aquí sin problemas, él lo entendería, pero si me iba a ir, al menos que fuese gratificante, necesitaba al menos despedirme de la única persona a la que apenas conozco bien, me dirigí al despacho e Jonas, era el mismo despacho que antes tenía Trumbull pero él lo decoro para que no pareciese de típico despacho de un texano rico lleno de cabezas de ciervo y esas cosas, al menos él lo dejo en un perfecto estado, me senté y le explique que sentía que todo esto estaba cambiando demasiado, que trabajar aquí había sido un gran obsequio después de que me hubiesen despedido del hospital, Jonas intento de razonar conmigo ya que no entendía lo que me pasaba, estaba claro que no podía mostrarme demasiado sincero con él ya que pensaría que intentaba de suicidarme o algo parecido, se levanto y se acerco hacía mi contándome de que después de la invasión alienigena, las cosas habían cambiado para él, su padre había muerto a causa de una pulmonía, el ejercito lo había sacado siquiera antes de su entierro, después de eso se quede aquí y fue el lugarteniente privado de Trumbull, su mano derecha, nada en esta vida le gustaba pero al menos tenía todo aquello que mas necesitaba, una casa y a un grupo de personas a su disposición, con todo ello era capaz de todo, pero nunca de perder la esperanza en que este siglo le iba a dar algún cambio, claro que no, iba a seguir siendo así para siempre, y él no podía quejarse de ello ya que tenía razón, el mundo era tal y como vino, con sus propias consecuencias, no podía hacer nada para cambiarlo a menos que otra invasión viniese, pero él no se iba a quedar de brazos cruzados viendo como eso sucedía, iba a luchar, iba a matarlos a todos hasta que no quedase ningúno, yo asentí viendo que se lo tomaba mas en serio de lo que pensaba, se lo agradecí y él me aconsejo de que no pensase demasiado en que este mundo ya había muerto, había mucho mas por hacer, y tenía que darlo. Después de eso me marche tomándomelo como una despedida formal hacía Jonas, no era que lo tratase como a un hermano ni nada por el estilo, pero al menos me despedi de alguien a quien no se quedaría con el sentimiento de la duda de pensar porque todo esto sucedía tan mal, ahora que ya estaba todo acorde, me decidí a encontrar a George Smith y quitarle ese Rolex de la mano, me dispuse a volver al aserradero pero entonces oí a unos que decían que Smith se había ido al cobertizo a recoger uno de los carros, al final este se había separado de su grupo en el mejor momento, aproveche y me dirigí hacía él, no tenía pensado enfrentarme a él apropósito, pero si lo hacía, tenía que asegurarme de que le quitaba el Rolex y de que este no me seguiría por nada, llegue al cobertizo que estaba abierto, y ahí lo vi, estaba dejando el carro situado a un lado del rincón pero lo hacía con muy pocas ganas, se notaba que era un autentico irresponsable de narices, me quede mirándole hasta que entonces este se percato de mi presencia, se extraño al verme ya que estaba ahí atontado mirándole de una forma poco considerable, me reprocho preguntándome que era lo que hacía, entonces yo reaccioné mostrándome pasivo con él, le dije que uno de sus amigos me había pedido que le ayudase, contesto diciéndome que no tenía ningún amigo, luego hizo un tremendo escupitajo que me dio tremendamente asco, ahí lo entendí todo, era uno de esos puercos sureños que se creían estar por encima de todo, intente de saber que decía porque sino entonces ya no podría razonar con él por las buenas, entonces me respondió diciéndome que necesitaba ayuda para levantar la caja de herramientas que estaba demasiado pesada, yo acepte sin rechistar y entonces ambos la levantamos con mucha cuidado poniéndolo en un estante que casi resultaba muy alto pero ambos conseguimos apoyarla encima, este suspiro aliviado mientras yo me quedaba mirando su reloj de oro, era imposible que alguien como él tuviese un reloj, se notaba perfectamente que estaba robado, este reaccionó y se percato de que le estaba prestando atención a su reloj, le dije que me gustaba y le pregunte que de donde lo había conseguido, este contesto que se lo compro con el dinero que le había quitado a una vieja loca que casi pensaba que le iba a matar, entonces yo le dije que si esa mujer loca no era una camionera a la que había perdido a su marido, este se detuvo quedandose perplejo al oírlo, me pregunto que como cojones sabía eso, ahí llego ese punto en el que ya no había vuelta atrás, le explique que hacía unos años una mujer me ayudo a venir hasta aquí y me contó que hubo una vez un George Smith se subió a su camión y se puso maleducado con ella, después de eso se marcho sin ni siquiera agradecerle por haberle traído, pero también le quito su reloj que le pertenecía a su marido. Se me quedo mirando como intentando de entender quien era yo hasta que entonces se empezo a reír como si hubiese dicho algo gracioso, pero al instante cambio su expresión a una de pura amargura, me dijo que a lo mejor era otro George Smith, se dio la vuelta y siguió con lo suyo, pero yo dije que ese George Smith era sureño y tenía ese mismo bigote, ahí el otro no pudo aguantarlo mas, se giro tirando un par de tubos que había apoyados sobre la pared y me reprocho que quien me enviaba, yo no entendí a que se refería con eso pero me lo volvió a reprochar y me dijo que si lo había hecho esa camionera zorra que se creía que porque su marido hubiese muerto tenía derecho a volverse la mujer mas estricta del mundo, ahí me canse, me canse de hacerlo por las buenas, le insistí que me diese el Rolex pero me dijo que se lo iba a dar si pasaba por encima de su cadaver, ahí me decidí a contraatacar, me dispuse a enfrentarme a él siguiendo todos los pasos que había aprendido hasta ahora, me abalance encima de él pero me acabo dando con uno de los tubos en la cara, me caí en el suelo teniendo otra herida en la cabeza, luego este aprovecho y me empezo a dar patadas en el estomago, otra vez me estaban dando una paliza de la misma forma, pero esta vez yo no iba a ser el que recibía, le dio una patada en la rodilla y este se acabo cayendo dolorido mientras se sujetaba de la pierna, al ver que estaba tirado aproveche y me puse de encima obligándome a que me diese el Rolex, le insistí pero este me seguía dándome pero yo le iba dando muchas vueltas hasta que al final este me saco de una patada, me tiro por detrás y este se levanto dispuesto a coger algúna de las herramientas para poder atizarme, yo sabía que esto no podía terminar así, tenía que acabar con él cuanto antes, me levanto de un tirón y entonces utilice una de las habilidades que aprendi, di la vuelta la voltereta unilateral y lo lanzo volando unos metros hasta acabar enganchado en las puntas de un rastrillo que se encontraba en medio, acabo enganchado por accidente, me quede tan absorto que vi como me miraba, le salía sangre a través de las puntas del rastrillo que le salían por detrás, se me quedo mirando alzando el brazo y entonces se murió del todo, se le quedo saliendo sangre por la boca. Al final paso lo que no quería que sucediese, lo mate de una forma violenta, me convertí en aquello que mas odiaba ser, pero ahora que podía hacer, tenía que aprovecharlo, me puse encima de él y levante su brazo quitándole el Rolex de la muñeca, al final lo tenía, pero entonces algo me llamo la atención, alce la mirada y ahí vi que estaba Damien, lo vio todo, estaba tan absorto al ver que había un testigo que no sabía que podía pensar, podría ir con los demás a chivarse de lo que hice o podía quedárseme aquí mirando, me pregunto que si ese era George Smith, y yo conteste que si, luego él volvió a preguntarme que si lo había matado por motivos de venganza o no, yo intente de razonar con él para que entendiese que había sido un accidente, yo solamente quería dejarle inconsciente, yo no quería que esto sucediese, pero al final ahora no me quedo otra, tenía que salir de ahí e intentar de escapar, me iban a detener por asesinato en primer grado, ya no podía quedarme mas aquí, intente de salir de ahí pero entonces Damien me detuvo, se me quedo mirando con una expresión vacía y entonces me pregunto que si lo había hecho apropósito para que él se fuese, no quería admitirlo pero en cierto modo tenía razón, lo había hecho por eso, y ahora que ya estaba, le había dado su oportunidad de terminar con todo, pero para mi no, para mi me quedaba una vida de fugitivo, me iban a buscar por esto, quizás para siempre, con eso ya deje bien claro que ya no podía verle, esta iba a ser la ultima vez que estaría con él, me aconsejo de que tuviese cuidado y que no fuese por los bosques del este, ahí es donde casi todo el mundo va a intentar de esconderse de la justicia, yo acepte su consejo, le agradecí por todo lo que hizo por mi como el pulmón y por haberme dado confianza en mi mismo, no le abrace ni nada, esto no era una despedida formal, simplemente le apoye mi mano en su hombro y le agradecí de todo corazón, luego me marche dejándole ahí asegurando el cadaver para que luego cuando lo descubriesen los otros se armase una buena. Recogí la mayor parte de mis cosas mientras que lo que no necesitaba lo deje ahí ya que no me daba tiempo, solamente pude llevarme algo de dinero y algúnos papeles, pero los objetos que me había ganado con el sueldo los deje ahí, solamente eran reliquias que podría comprar en cualquier parte, no me servían de mucho me marche antes de que me viese todo el mundo pero justo cuando intente de marcharme por otro lado escuche la alarma de todo el personal, habían encontrado el cadaver de George Smith, con toda la confusión aproveche y me marche yendo hacía la verja, conocía un hueco pequeño por donde podría huir sin que nadie se diese cuenta, salí al otro lado y una vez ahí me quede indeciso observando el lugar donde me había pasado tanto tiempo trabajando, pero eso era ya otra vida, y yo ya la había dejado en cuanto mate a George Smith, ahora que lo hice, tenía que terminar una cosa. 1 DE FEBRERO DE 2002 Después de haber huido del aserradero, me hospede en uno de esos moteles de carretera donde podría pasar desapercibido, utilice el poco dinero que tenía para pagar una noche, después de eso me marche por la mañana y me dispuse a llegar al restaurante donde comí antes con Susana, sabía que de algúna manera ella volvería si es que seguía teniendo su camión y tendría que pasar tarde o temprano por ahí para comer algo, me quede ahí tomándome un café y espere a que sucediese lo que sucediese. El tiempo que lleve esperándole se me hizo largo, jamas apareció, pero sabía que uno de estos días de la semana siempre solía aparecer, así que espere un rato mas pero para entonces la gente ya se estaba yendo, la camarera vino a mi y me pregunto que si estaba esperando a alguien, yo le dije que mas o menos ya que no estaba seguro de a que estaba esperando, carraspeo pensativa, entonces le pregunte que si se acordaba de mi, ella se me quedo mirando y recordó que había estado antes con una mujer, yo reafirmo entusiasmado ya que veía que por una vez alguien se acordaba de algo, le dije que estaba esperando a Susana, ella me dijo que venía todos los domingos por la noche, y hoy justamente era sábado lo que hacía mas complicado las cosas, me pregunto que si tenía algún lugar donde quedarme y le dijo que no, que no tenía ni idea de adonde iba a ir, entonces ella me pidió que la acompañase, me levante de la silla y me fui al otro lado del establecimiento y observe que había una habitación de invitados ahí mismo, era una habitación que habían creado por si luego en algún momento recogían a alguien especial, quizás yo era el especial, me pidió que podía quedarme a dormir aquí pero mañana tendría que ponerme a trabajar ya que no iba a dejar que me quedase aquí como un vago esperando a que viniese la limusina, se lo agradecí ya que justamente necesitaba algo de dinero ahora mismo, ella se me marcho y dejo que me hospedase ahí durante toda la noche, me complací pero no solamente por el hecho de tener techo, sino porque tenía el Rolex y tenía que devolvérselo a su dueña, había matado a un hombre para conseguirlo, y a pesar de todo, ni siquiera sentía algúna emoción al respecto, me sentía como que había hecho lo correcto, George Smith merecía que le diesen lo suyo, pero no por eso me iba a convertir en juez, jurado y verdugo, esto era solamente un accidente desprevenido que paso en el peor momento, solo eso, esta iba a ser la ultima vez. 2 DE FEBRERO DE 2002 A la mañana siguiente me instale como un nuevo trabajador del restaurante y me puse a atender a todos los clientes, sabía bastante de como funcionaban las cosas a pesar no tener ningúna experiencia, la vida diaria en el aserradero me fortaleció bastante como para poder superar esto, casi toda la mayoría de los clientes que aparecían era la típica panda de camioneros marimachos que les encantaba tener una raja del culo al aire libre, casi me daba risa sino fuese porque me explicaron que algúnos ocasiones paso uno al que le intente de meter el dedo ahí dentro y le acabo dando una buena, no entendí como fue exactamente esa situación pero era de esperármela como de costumbre, después al mediodía me puse a barrer toda la sala, eran capaces de dejarla lo mas sucia posible con tal de que luego yo me quedase barriendo, todos pensaban que era un criado o algo parecido, pero quien era yo para poder juzgarlos por lo egocéntricos que eran, me había metido en esto por algo y lo iba a lograr mientras esperaba todo el dia hasta que llegase Susanna. Al mediodía llego el descanso y de ahí yo salí al exterior y me puse a comer un pequeño bocadillo como para picar el gusanillo de momento, hoy no estaba para comer mucho, justo en ese momento llego la camarera, se sentó a mi lado comiendose también otro bocadillo mas, me pregunto que quien era ya que no nos habíamos presentado oficialmente, le dije que era Darren Gilroy y ella me contesto que se llamaba Veronica Stein, le estreche la mano y ambos nos pusimos a hablar sobre lo que había sido el dia después de la invasión, le confesé toda mi historia hasta llegar a la parte en la que me escape, no le dije que había matado a George Smith porque sino pensaría que era una mala persona y llamaría a la policía por eso, era mejor que supiese esa verdad para que no viese la clase de crueldad que yo era en realidad tras haber matado a ese sinvergüenza, ella me confeso que se había pasado estancada en este restaurante durante mucho tiempo, soñaba con ser actriz pero el tiempo le había pasado factura, ahora tenía que quedarse ahí y esperar a que sucediese un milagro que la sacase de encima, le aconseje que al menos tuviese la suficiente esperanza ya que no era bueno que se rindiese así sin mas, tenía que hacer algo o sino vivirá con el mismo sentimiento de la duda para siempre, ella lo acepto, tenía pensado conseguir algún papel en lo que fuese, aunque no sea de invasiones alienigenas ya que eso era demasiado, nos reímos de lo obvio que sonaba. Paso la tarde y ya estaba empezando a ponerse de noche, hacía mas frío y eso hacía que los camioneros que pasaban por la carretera acabasen justamente aquí, era el momento perfecto para que viniese Susanna, me puse a fregar los platos mientras esperaba a que viniese, no dejaba de echarle ojo a la entrada, seguí así hasta que entonces Veronica me aviso de que necesitaba descargar algo, me marche de ahí pero sin dejar de prestar atención al portal del local, me dirigí hacía el almacén donde pedía que le ayudase a descargar las cajas con la comida, yo ayude aunque ella tuve que marcharse para hacer otra cosa, casi sentía una terrible frustración ya que tendría que quedarme ahí sin saber si ella vendría o no, descargue todas las cajas que pude y una vez que lo hice salí de ahí y volvió al interior del local, me puse a continuar con lo que estaba cuando de pronto escuche algo que me sonaba familiar, me dirigí hacía la barra con todo el mundo y vi a una mujer vieja charlando con un joven, empezo a venirme un cierto presentimiento y entonces me dirigí para ver quien era, fui lentamente y entonces pregunte, ella se giro y ahí entonces la vi, era ella misma, era Susanna, se me quedo mirando y entonces dijo mi nombre, me quede estupefacto ya que al final me recordaba después de todo, entonces saque el Rolex y se lo mostré enseñando que ahora lo tenía, se lo entregue y vio con estupefacción que era el mismo reloj que le habían quitado de su marido, ella se puso a llorar mientras el joven que tenía detrás estaba que no entendía nada. Le explique que me había pasado los últimos dos años buscando a ese tal George Smith hasta un aserradero donde trabaje el resto de mi vida, me abrazo agradeciéndomelo ya que nunca pensaba que alguien se lo devolvería, el joven preguntaba por entender lo que sucedía y yo le confesé que esto era porque había encontrado el Rolex que le habían robado, ella me lo presento, era Jonathan, otro joven al que recogió en la carretera y le explico lo mismo que a mi, que su marido había muerto de un disparo en la cara, que luego ese George Smith le había quitado su Rolex mientras no miraba, él se quedo indeciso ya que nunca pensaba que alguien estuviese tan dispuesto a recuperarlo, él pensó lo mismo que yo, también estaba decidido a recuperarlo aunque yo le lleve ventaja, lo hice justo antes de que este pudiese hacer algo, pero me agradeció de que al menos no se hubiese pasado unos cuantos años mas intentando de buscar algo que parecía mas que perdido, en cierto modo casi me daba risa, pero también tenía razón, me había pasado demasiado tiempo buscando ese reloj que ya no conocía otra vida, ahora que había terminado con esto, tenía que conseguirme otra cosa que hacer. 3 DE FEBRERO DE 2002 Después de aquel momento ella me pidió que le acompañase ya que no tenía ningún lugar donde quedarme, pero yo le dije que no podía, que tenía que seguir mi propio camino para tener mi propia vida, ella al menos lo entendió, me lo agradeció y decidió marcharse junto con Jonathan, él iba directo a la casa de sus tíos que vivían colina arriba, se quedaría ahí y se buscaría un nuevo hogar y un nuevo trabajo, mientras que yo ahora tendría que irme del local, había aceptado quedarme para esperar hasta mañana y encontrar a Susana, ya lo hice, me habría gustado quedarme ya que era un buen sueldo, pero la policía me buscaba por lo de George Smith, no sabía si lo estaban haciendo o no, no había oído ningúna noticia de eso, pero tenía miedo de pensar que a lo mejor si, por eso mismo no podía quedarme aquí. Recogí mis cosas y me dispuse a buscarme un nuevo lugar donde quedarme, Veronica se me presento preguntándome que si sabía adonde iría, yo le dije que no, no tenía ni idea de nada, pero al menos sabía donde me estaba metiendo, en un mundo cruel, asentí complacido por ver que al menos me trato bien y supo entenderme, pero de entre todas las personas de las que había estado rodeado en toda mi vida, ella era con la que menos tiempo tuve, me dije a mi mismo que podría tener un poco mas de tiempo, pero no podía, ella se sentía igual, le había gustado tener alguien con quien hablar, pero si no fuese por lo que le hice a George Smith, a lo mejor me habría quedado unos días mas, pero tenía que escapar de este lugar para siempre, ya no era un lugar seguro para mi, ella intento de preguntarme porque era que le perseguía la policía, cuanto de daño le hice a Smith, ahí ya no pude evitarlo, tenía que decírselo para que entendiese por lo que estaba pasando en realidad. Me gire mirándola con una mirada de total sinceridad y le admití que en realidad no le había dejado herido, sino mas bien le mate del todo, pero fue un accidente, ella se me quedo mirando indiferente como pensando en que era algo raro que una persona como yo hubiese matado a alguien, me gire sin pensar en lo que ella estuviese apunto de decir cuanto entonces ella dijo que el año pasado había un hombre al que se puso irrespetuoso con ella, le toco el culo por detrás y nadie hizo nada, ni siquiera el propio dueño del local, después de eso siempre tuvo la idea de intentar de buscar a ese tío y matarlo por lo que hizo, pero jamas lo logro, al menos ella me agradeció que hubiese matado a alguien parecido a ese tío porque sino se habría pasado el resto de su vida saliendose con la suya sin que nadie le dijese nada, le sonreí viendo que parecía que teníamos bastante en común, no era tan buena como parecía ser al principio. Me marche y de ahí hice todo un largo recorrido sin saber que me iba a encontrar, ¿que nuevo trabajo me iba a encontrar?, ¿que nuevos personajes iba a encontrarme ahora?, ¿cual era mi nueva meta en la vida? No lo se, no sabía nada, pero al menos sabía que tendría que encontrar algo con lo que pudiese vivir eternamente, ya no podía seguir huyendo mas de esto, esta vez iba a ser para siempre. Hice caso del consejo que me dio Damien y fui por el otro camino, me resulto mucho mas fácil, recorrí toda la carretera esperando a que alguien me llevase a un buen lugar donde poder hospedarme durante la noche, no sabía si por aquí se encontraba algún motel o no, pero al menos necesitaba un nuevo lugar donde poder establecerme y así conseguir algo que me resultase útil, seguí recorriendo sin pensar en nada y entonces apareció un coche, hice auto-stop y el coche se detuvo, era un Peugeot familiar azul, tenía por encima de la baca unas cuantas maletas, lo que significaba que era una familia que estaba de vacaciones, espere a que saliese el conductor pero no sabía porque sentía una sensación como de pensar que había algo familiar en todo esto, no vi a nadie salir del coche, se quedaron ahí como esperando algo cuando entonces se abrió la puerta del coche y ahí salió una mujer, aquella mujer se me quedo mirando como si conociese, entonces la reconocí, era Sonya, la ex-novia que tenía en el hospital y que perdí después de que me hubiesen echado del hospital, estaba que no podía creerlo, de entre todas las personas con las que podría encontrarme, justo se me reaparece la única a la que no quería ver de nuevo, ella me reconoció, yo me quede tan estupefacto que decidí ir a ver, me puse delante de ella y ahí entonces vi quien era el que estaba al otro lado del coche, era Hutch, el cabron que por su culpa hizo que me echasen del hospital y que encima se caso con la mujer a la que amaba, él también se quedo estupefacto pero no por miedo, sino porque se imaginaba que me fuese a ver después de tanto tiempo, quería darle un buen golpe en toda la cara para demostrar quien era el que se reía ahora, pero entonces vi que en la parte trasera se encontraba una niña jugando con una consola portable, pregunte que quien era y resulto ser que era su hija, no solo se había casado con ella sino que ahora encima habían tenido una familia juntos, yo estaba que me quería morir de eso, sentía que estaba en una realidad en la que no podía coexistir, aquello me cayo tan mal que al final me caí quedándome en rodillas contra el suelo mientras intentaba de analizar todo lo que estaba pasando, ella me insistió que me levantase pero yo estaba que no podía, pregunte hacía donde iban y Hutch dijo que se iban de vacaciones a la casa de sus tíos que ahora decían que había venido su primo Jonathan para poder quedarse ahí y buscar un nuevo trabajo, entonces ahí me sorprendí, había visto a Jonathan ayer mismo, resultaba que la persona que recogió Susana era el primo del hombre que me arruino la vida, no podía ser una coincidencia, ella me pidió que podría ir con nosotros ya que no tenía ningún lugar donde poder quedarme, al principio no me gustaba ya que no quería estar cerca de Hutch, pero que otra opción tenía, ya no me encontraba en situación de pelearme con ellos, me metí en el coche en la parte trasera al lado de su hija, pregunte que como se llamaba y ella me confeso que era Beth, el mismo nombre que mi madre, ella se acordo después de todo este tiempo. Llego la noche y al final después de un rato acabamos llegando a la cabaña donde estaban sus tíos, y ahí mismo estaba Jonathan, era el mismo Jonathan que había visto antes, no podía creerme que justo me hubiese cruzado con esa misma persona un dia antes de todo esto, los tíos saludaron a Hutch y al resto de su familia, luego también me presentaron a mi, me encontraba decaído por casi todo, ahí entonces se me acerco Jonathan, resultaba que se acordaba de mi, les explique justo hacia unas horas me lo había encontrado tras haberse metido en el restaurante en el que trabaje durante todo un dia para esperar a que viniese la conductora a la que le debía algo, Jonathan porque él no se podía creer que hubiese pasado por una situación como esta, pasamos al interior de la casa donde nos instalamos, yo ayude un poco a descargar las maletas aunque con muy poco empeño, no era que me no gustase, es que todo aquello le pertenecía a Hutch, no le quería quitar el ojo de encima de ningúna manera, lo lleve todo al interior de la casa y de ahí me instale, los tíos dejaron que me quedase en una de las habitaciones de invitados extra que tenían puestas en la casa, yo se los agradecí, aunque lo dije con un tono bastante poco reconfortable, todos veían que no estaba muy contento de estar aquí. Deje las cosas en la habitación, era pequeña pero resultaba reconfortante, me acoste en la cama esperando saber que iba a hacer ahora, quería hacerle daño a Hutch pero no podía, no mientras Sonya y su hija estuviesen ahí, entonces caí en la cuenta, de que me servía eso ahora, había pasado demasiado tiempo desde que me echaron del hospital, en todo ese tiempo Hutch hizo lo mejor que pudo, no podía juzgarle por eso, estaba en su derecho, pero no podía quedarme con la cabeza clara y saber que este hizo algo y se aprovecho de mi bondad, necesitaba hacérselo saber, o tal vez no, ya no sabía que pensar de todo eso, estaba en una encrucijada que no podía resolver, de pronto alguien golpeo la puerta, se abrió y asomo Beth la cabeza, me explico que dentro de un rato íbamos todos a cenar y ellos querían que yo estuviese con ellos, yo lo acepte sin ningún problema, entendía que querían mostrarse benevolentes conmigo porque era alguien que no tenía nada encima, pero intentar de hacer como si lo que sucedió hace años no hubiese pasado, resultaba algo tremendamente raro, pero ahora tenía que aceptarlo para quedar bien delante de ellos. Todos juntos nos cenamos alrededor de la mesa del salón, nos pusimos a comer un enorme pavo asado que había quedado del dia de Acción de Gracias, no es que hoy cenábamos algo importante, pero por lo menos había algo bueno para comer, estábamos casi apunto de comer cuando entonces el hombre se propuso que nos agarrásemos de las manos y nos pusiésemos a rezar, lo típico de todos los hombres de campo, veía como todo el grupo se agarraba de las manos dispuesto a hacerlo a pesar de todo, pero en cambio yo no, la mujer me insistió en que lo hiciese, yo no era muy creyente, solamente era otro joven al que había pasado de todo en su vida hasta que llego el dia en que lo perdió todo, pero eso no lo hacía cambiar de parecer, decidí hacerlo ya que veía que todos estaban juntos, como una autentica familia, una familia que yo ya no tenía, me agarre de las manos de la tía y de Beth. Entonces el hombre hizo el típico sermón de agradecerle a Dios por los alimentos y de que toda la familia estuviese aquí reunida, amen , yo también lo hice, pero no por seguir el mismo rollo, simplemente lo hice porque me sentía que estaba verdaderamente con gente que entendía mi dolor en todos los aspectos, nos pusimos a comer y ahí entonces charlamos sobre lo que ellos habían hecho, ahí Sonya explica como había conocido a Hutch, él había estado un poco mas antes que yo, se conocían pero nunca mantenían una conversación distante ya que él siempre estaba pendiente de otras mujeres, luego entonces llegue yo y ahí fue cuando ella empezo a tener una relación conmigo, los tíos se quedaron impresionados al ver que yo antes era su novio y que nunca antes lo había contado, la niña me pregunto que si había estado saliendo con su madre, yo apenas pudo responder eso, solamente solté un suspiro de agonía al no querer hacerme a la idea, luego contó lo que había pasado en el hospital, que me habían atacado y al dia siguiente encontraron mi taquilla repleta de los medicamentos que supuestamente habían extraído, me acusaron de haberlo hecho y no tuvieron mas opción que despedirme, me marche y nunca mas se me volvió a ver el pelo, ahora se quedaron un poco mas que impresionados al ver por todo lo que me había pasado, luego Hutch siguió y contó que después de un tiempo él intento de ayudarla a consolarla por lo que había pasado, se pusieron a charlar sobre como les había el dia, por cuanto habían pasado tras la invasión, y al final una cosa llevo a la otra y acabaron relacionandose mutuamente, de ahí se enamoraron y tuvieron a Beth, así fue como empezo todo, pero resultaba que no me la había quitado, simplemente la ayudo a superar que yo me fuese y al final ambos se quedaron tan juntos que acabo pasando lo que resultaba imposible que sucediese, con eso casi sentía que lo perdonaba, pero había algo que todavía no me cuadraba, ¿quien fue el que puso los medicamentos en mi taquilla? Seguía siendo una coincidencia, querían seguir con el asunto pero decidieron pasar de tema y se dirigieron específicamente hacía mi, querían conocerme, saber quien era yo exactamente, cual era mi historia, no sabía como decírselo, me quede en blanco ante esa pregunta, los mire a ambos intentando de saber que decirles, pero a estas alturas solamente podía decir una sola cosa, explique que mis padres habían muerto durante la invasión, yo me quede solo, busque a una chica que me ayudo pero que cuando la encontré acabo muerta, después de eso me metí en el hospital hasta que al final acabe trabajando definitivamente en el hospital junto con Sonya, pasaron los años hasta el dia en que me echaron de ahí por supuestamente haber robado los medicamentos, me marche y me decidí ir a Canada en busca de algún trabajo remodelado, me lleve una camionera a la que el año pasado un tío muy egoísta le había quitado el Rolex de su marido, le prometí que se lo recuperaría como fuese, me metí en el aserradero donde empece a trabajar como el enfermero principal de la compañía, trabaje varios años mientras iba mandándole cartas a Sonya, pero pasaron dos años de eso y dejaron de enviarme cartas nuevas, hasta que entonces llego una confesándome que se había casado con Hutch y dejo que dejase de existir para ella, después de eso intente de buscar al tío que buscaba Susana pero al final encontré a uno que me acabo robándome y me dejo tirado para que me muriese, estuve casi dos meses en coma hasta que al final desperté, volví al trabajo pero en cuanto lo hice encontré al tío que andaba buscando, le ataque hasta que al final pude recuperar el Rolex, me marche de ahí ya que seguramente me detendrían por lo que hice, volví al restaurante donde nos pusimos a comer la noche anterior antes de que llegase al aserradero, pase un dia entero trabajando ahí hasta que entonces esa misma tarde la encontré a ella con Jonathan, aquello hizo que este se entusiasme ya que le seguía resultando tan raro como el primer dia, me marche de ahí ya que no iba a quedarme eternamente y al final pase todo un dia buscando alguien que me llevase a algún lugar donde pudiese quedarme hasta que al final los encontré a ellos, y ahí es donde se termina mi historia. Todos se quedaron impresionados al ver por todo lo que pase, nunca antes habían visto que alguien como yo hubiese pasado por tantos problemas para llegar hasta aquí, en vez de resultarles toda una tragedia les resultaba toda una aventura, yo asentí ya que no me sentía que hubiese pasado por eso, sentía mas bien que había pasado por un dilema moral, como si el universo me tuviese en mi contra, Hutch me aconsejo de que no me lo tomase así ya que una vez paso por esa misma sensación cuando era niño y nunca le soluciono nada, tenía ganas de pensar que su vida había sido una miseria, que no tenía nada por lo que vivir, pero entonces pasaron los años hasta que llego el dia de la invasión y se propuso ayudar a los demás, pero todo ese trabajo le hizo ver que se creía estar por encima de todo, y aquello provoco que se hubiese estado comportando como un gilipollas todo el rato, pero entonces conoció a Sonya verdaderamente tal y como era y dejo de ser el mismo para siempre, ahora se tomaba en serio las cosas, le tenía mas respeto a la gente, se preocupaba mas por intentar de demostrar que era un buen hombre, aquello lo ayudo, dejo de ser lo que era, aquello casi sentía que le perdonaba, pero todavía no podía hacerlo, no hasta que me diese una explicación de porque me echaron. De pronto el viejo se extraño con eso de que hubiesen encontrado los medicamentos en mi taquilla, la mujer me pregunto que porque lo tenía todo eso ahí metido dentro, yo conteste que no tenía ni idea de eso, aquella noche me encontré con un tío que me dio fuerte en la cabeza, al dia siguiente le explique la policía de lo que había pasado pero nadie me creyó, y en cuanto abrieron mi taquilla se me echaron encima, pero lo peor no fue intentar de buscar una excusa que resultase conveniente y creíble, fue que cuando salí de ahí vino una cara de uno de los enfermeros del hospital que me estaba saludando con una mirada incrédula y burlona, lo dije todo mientras dirigía la mirada hacía Hutch ya que sabía de que estaba hablando, se quedo indeciso sin saber que decir de eso, Jonathan insistió queriendo entender que pasaba, todos se quedaron con una mirada como de pensar que algo iba mal entre los dos, Hutch intento de ser sincero y dijo que a lo mejor pudo haber hecho una expresión que sonase insultante, pero yo se lo recrimine de forma que no pareciese que me estaba cabreando, le dije que de algúna forma alguien se había metido en mi taquilla y me puso los medicamentos robados como para poder inculparme a mi, era imposible que un sujeto cualquiera los hubiese metido justo ahí mismo sin saber de quien se trataba, él siguió justificando que no tenía ni idea de que hablaba, pero cuanto mas decía sobretodo eso hacía preguntarme si no había desvelado la verdad sobre todo aquello que paso en el hospital, al final él confeso que en aquel entonces era un estupido distraído con casi todo y nunca prestaba atención a nada, pudo haber alguien que se pusiese donde meter los medicamentos pero no tuvo nada que ver con eso, al final me canse y le reproche que todo fue culpa suya, me levante y le agarre de un tirón, con todas mis fuerzas me lo lleve arrastrando por encima de la mesa haciendo tirar todo lo que se encontraba, todos se alejaron mientras veían como agarraba a Hutch por el cuello intentando de hacer que confesase que él me arruino la vida, al final Jonathan y él tío me agarraron intentando de hacer que le soltase pero yo no iba a parar, iba a recobrar mi venganza de una vez por todas, Sonya me grito queriendo que lo dejase ya que su hija lo estaba viendo todo y no le gustaba nada, se aferro a su madre aterrorizada de ver lo que le hacía a su padre, entonces caí en la cuenta, ¿que estaba haciendo? Me estaba convirtiendo en el mismo monstruo que temía ser, al final lo solté dejándole respirar, verdaderamente se estaba ahogando, todas mis practicas me habían hecho mucho mas fuerte, pero de una manera en la que no me gustaba nada, todos ayudaron a Hutch y a mi en cambio Jonathan me levanto pero yo no quería que nadie me tocase, todos se me quedaron mirando incluido Sonya con una mirada de preocupación al no poder creer lo que había visto, él ya no me veía como la persona que me amo antes, ahora me veía como alguien tan cruel como lo era Hutch en los tiempos anteriores. Hutch me explico que jamas intento de quitármela, solamente quería ayudarla, confeso que no tenía ni idea de los medicamentos en la taquilla, él no fue quien los robo para poder inculparme, él no había hecho nada, era inocente, entonces yo pregunte que quien había sido sino era él, al final Sonya confeso que había sido uno de los enfermeros que estaba de becario en el hospital, lo descubrieron el dia en que Beth había cumplido dos años, se llamaba Scott, era un preso fugado que se había hecho pasar por alguien un poco mas joven para poder robar todos los medicamentos y así venderlos por otras drogas, también ese había admitido que del miedo que tenía empezo a esconder los medicamentos dentro de las taquillas de los demás para ocultar que era él el culpable de todos esos robos, los metió todos ahí y aquello hizo que todos sospechasen que había alguien que los metía apropósito, y después de una noche de vigilancia la policía le encontró y le detuvo devolviéndole adonde pertenecía ahí entonces lo entendí, no había sido Hutch todo este tiempo, había sido otro del que no tenía ni idea, me había pasado todos estos últimos cabreado con una persona que no había hecho nada, y ahora encima casi lo mataba por algo que no era cierto, que estupido había sido, pero había otra cosa que tampoco cuadraba, porque me sonrío despidiéndome de esa manera, él confeso que lo había hecho porque era un estupido y se hacía el gracioso todo el rato, en aquel entonces no se daba cuenta de lo que hacía, ahora entendí eso, pero quedaba lo otro, porque dejo Sonya de mandarme cartas, porque no me confeso que habían descubierto al culpable de esa fechoría, ella me miro con una expresión de resignación y explico que como ahora estaba con Hutch, yo habría ido a buscarla y a recriminarle que le pertenecía, pero ella ya no quería que esa vida, quería dejar todo eso atrás de algúna manera, ahora todo estaba hecho, ya no tenía nada por lo que discutirlo, yo había sido el estupido todo este tiempo, me levante intentando de pedir disculpas pero sabía muy bien que aunque lo hiciesen, yo ya no tenía nada por lo que mostrarme perdonado, me fui de ahí sin apenas despedirme de todos y me marche a la cama dispuesto a irme a dormir para que después me fuese por la mañana, después de esto, yo ya estaba mas que decidido a no volver nunca. 4 DE FEBRERO A la mañana siguiente me levante temprano para que nadie me viese, quería estar solo un momento, me fui al salón y me quede ahí sentado intentando de pensar en otra cosa que no fuese darme cuenta de lo idiota que había sido todo este tiempo, todo mi odio hacía aquel dia me había llevado hasta esto, hasta una terrible conclusión de la que no estaba preparado para descubrir. Justo en ese momento apareció Hutch, él también se despertó a la misma hora que yo, le pregunte que qué hacía, él me confeso que a esta hora salía siempre a hacer una corrida por todo el campo para poder así poder aligerar el cuerpo y la cabeza, era una técnica de meditación que había aprendido, yo se lo cuestione riendo de mala manera ya que no me lo imaginaba a él haciendo algún ejercicio de esos orientales, él me comento que hacer eso lo hacía despejar su mente y darse cuenta de un montón de cosas que le resultaban útiles, me propuso que fuese con él para ver si me hacía algún efecto, me extrañe ya que después de lo que hice anoche pensaba que me echaría de la casa, me contesto que entendía mi dolor y que estaba en mi derecho el quejarme de esa manera, pero tampoco para ponerme así, yo intente de confesarle que no tenía ni idea de lo que hacía cuando le ataque de esa manera tan violenta, él dijo que tampoco lo pensó muy bien él dia en que me marche del hospital, podría haberme explicado que no fue él, a lo mejor eso me habría aliviado un poco las cosas, entonces me propuso que fuese con él a hacer una recorrida por el campo para que así se me fuese un poco el malhumor que tenía acumulado durante estos años, me seguía pareciendo eso extraño pero en cierto modo tenía razón, no podía seguir enfadado así sin motivo. Me marche con él y estuvimos un buen rato recorriendo todo el sendero que había por debajo de la cabaña, era un lugar precioso y apenas se veía a diez millas a la redonda, esto si que era una autentica vida para alguien de campo, sin preocupaciones de nada, todo el dia trabajando en algo en lo que se podía disfrutar sin oír a nadie quejándose de nada, la vida perfecta para abandonar la idea de que hacía años casi nos destruían unos alienigenas, pasamos como quince minutos subiendo y bajando hasta que al final no pudimos, quedamos agotados de tanto correr de un lado para otro, él me pregunto que si me sentía un poco mejor, yo conteste con poco aire que tenía razón, esto me habia despejado un poco la mente, me sentía renovado, como si tuviese doce años y esta fuese la primera vez que descubría algo mucho mejor que la televisión por cable, él se me quedo riendo viendo que después de todo tenía razón en algo, ambos nos sentamos bebiéndonos un poco de la cantimplora que se trajo, nos quedamos ahí sentados viendo el paisaje y preguntándonos lo cerca que estábamos de haber muerto aquellos días del 2 al 4 de Julio, el dia en que todo cambio para siempre, él pudo ahora entender porque le tenía tanta preocupación con eso de estar viviendo en el hospital, no me quedaba nada, era un perdedor en una tierra de supervivientes que habían conseguido mas de lo que yo podría tener, mientras que yo estaba intentando de buscarme la vida, él se había conseguido una familia, algo que yo jamas podría recuperar, pero él me dijo que podría estar con ellos, tratarles como una nueva familia, puede que no una eterna, pero si al menos una en la que pudiese confiar plenamente si pasaba algo malo y necesitaba adonde ir, pero yo no tenía ni idea de adonde me iba a quedar, tenía mucho por hacer y poco en lo que creer, lo único que me importaba ahora sobrevivir en una tierra que apenas conocía, había llegado el nuevo siglo y ahora venían cosas que escapaban a mi comprensión, no sabía que hacer, de adonde ir, o donde se iba a quedar mi existencia una vez no estuviese mas e este mundo, él pudo entenderlo, también se sintió así hace tiempo, tampoco sabía lo que iba a hacer, pero aprovecho el momento y encontró algo con lo que sentirse a gusto, una familia, pero a mi eso me duraba muy poco, todas las personas que conocía habían muerto o las había dejado atrás para que no me viesen nunca mas ya que solamente les causaría mas problemas que otra cosa, ahí en ese momento me di cuenta de una cosa, en todo este tiempo, jamas había llegado a pensar en si Hutch verdaderamente había sentido alguna lastima por mi, le pregunte que porque nos la pasábamos tan mal cuando trabajamos en el hospital, el contesto que porque como él venía del campo y yo de la ciudad ambos éramos polos opuestos, eso si que era una respuesta bastante obvia, en aquel entonces podría haberlo considerado, pero no lo hice, me obsesione con la idea de que era un abuson fingiendo ser una mala persona apropósito que jamas llegue a pensar que cambiaría, me equivoque, cambio a mejor, ya no le odiaba como antes, lo tenía mas que perdonado. Estuvimos un buen rato ahí y al final volvimos para la cabaña, ahí todos se despertaron y se pusieron a desayunar mientras nosotros habíamos estado afuera, Hutch recrimino de una manera sarcástica el hecho de no haberles esperado para que volviésemos, nos pusimos a desayunar con total tranquilidad y sin pensar en lo que había sucedido anoche, eso ya paso, nos pusimos a charlar sobre que pasaría conmigo, que si donde me quedaba, que adonde iría, yo conteste que no lo sabía, encontraría un trabajo por ahí donde me diese el suficiente dinero como para crearme mi propio hogar en el campo de algúna manera, el tío me recrimino que no le parecía una buena idea, yo se lo cuestione, me dijo que como había pasado por tanto me merecía algo mucho mejor, no podía vivir escondido alejado del mundo, tenía que vivir rodeado de gente que me quisiese, que le hiciese saber todo por lo que había pasado hasta ahora, yo no entendí a que se refería con eso, entonces Jonathan mencionó que debía de hacer algún tipo de mi vida, una biografía, aquello los entusiasmo a todos, sugirieron que hiciese un libro de eso, pero yo no estaba muy seguro de eso, no quería que todo el mundo supiese que había vivido esa vida, yo estaba muy cerrado a todo eso, pero todos me insistieron en que lo hiciese, alguien como yo me merecía vivir con todo el éxito del mundo, pero yo no quería ningún tipo de éxito, yo solamente quería vivir, sobrevivir a este mundo que casi desconozco, todos vieron que tenía mis dudas, entonces el tío decidió algo, me pidió que le acompañase para mostrarme algo. Fui al cobertizo con él, estaba bastante mugriento y lleno de telarañas, parecía que no lo habían limpiado en años, marcho al fondo de todo y de ahí saco un baúl bastante pesado, yo le ayude a removerlo, él lo abrió mostrando que dentro se encontraban toda una serie de libros biográficos, historias sobre personas que pasaron por todo tipo de situaciones: Espartaco, Hugh Glass, Solomon Northump, Vladek Spliztman, hasta incluso la típica biblia para variar, todas eran personas que habían sobrevivido a todo tipo de tragedias, pero aún así lo enseñaron todo para demostrar el gran poderío que era el ser humano para sobrevivir ante este tipo de situaciones, no se quedaron atrás fingiendo que nada paso, escribieron lo suyo demostrando que hasta en las peores condiciones, el mas mínimo individuo era capaz de sobrevivir a ciertos retos, yo también había pasado por eso y tenía que mostrarlo, tenía que hacerle saber al mundo que yo sobreviví a una invasión alienigena y de ahí comencé un viaje a lo desconocido, que me llevo hasta hoy, yo entendía lo que estaba intentando de decirme, pero yo no me sentía como uno de ellos, todas esas personas lo escribieron para hacer historia, eran vencedores, y yo no era un vencedor, los vencedores fueron aquellos que volaron desde el interior la nave nodriza que estaba en la órbita de la Tierra, eso si que fue un logro, yo no hice ningúno, yo solamente sobreviví a lo que se me venía por delante, el hombre insistió que a pesar de no haber hecho nada mi historia valía mucho, tenía que hacerle saber a la gente que se podía sobrevivir a una situación como esta, yo no quería aceptar eso, me marche dandole la espalda a esa sugerencia, me fui dejando que él se quedase con sus supervivientes, yo no era uno de ellos, yo era un individuo que lo perdió todo y se metió en un montón de desastres, nada mas. 5 DE FEBRERO DE 2002 Eran las 12 de la noche y no me podía dormir, no me sentía tranquilo después de lo que me enseñaron antes, entendía que lo querían hacer por mi bien y para enseñarle al mundo la clase de lucha que uno se enfrentaba cuando lo perdía todo, no tenía ni idea de lo que hacía o de lo que iba a hacer, pero no tenía ganas de quedarme mucho mas rato, cuando Hutch y su familia se fuese, yo también me marcharía de aquí, a buscarme un lugar mejor, de pronto sentí nauseas en el estomago, me estaba entrando un hambre que no podía quitármelo de encima, necesitaba comer algo, me salí de la habitación y marcho a la cocina a coger algo de la nevera, no me importaba sacar algo sin permiso, ellos ya lo entenderían, baje y cogí lo primero que podía prepararme en este mismo momento, me prepare un sandwich de mantequilla de cacahuete con mermelada por encima, le di el primer bocado y estaba bueno, pero de pronto sentí las pisadas de alguien, era Beth, me había estado espiando durante todo este tiempo, le pregunte que qué hacía despierta a estas horas, ella contesto que por lo mismo, también tenía hambre y el olor del pan la atrajo como al ganado, yo me resigne viendo que era bastante obvio que se diese cuenta de eso mismo, deje que se sentase conmigo y comiese un poco, ella acepto y se puso en el otro extremo de la mesa y ella misma se preparo su propio sandwich de mantequilla de cacahuete, para ser la hija de una de las peores personas que conocía en un tiempo anterior y que era bastante pequeña, era bastante responsable, sabía hacerlo todo por si misma, ella dijo que lo había aprendido del mejor, y de eso tenía razón, me quede blanco por un momento, no sabía que decir al respecto, todavía seguía teniendo esa idea en el cerebro de querer escribir mi historia, pero yo me lo cuestionaba ya que no sabía como me afectaría eso, ella me dijo que en realidad no quería hacerlo porque quería ignorar la realidad de querer hacerse famoso con mi sufrimiento, yo no sabía como hacerme a la idea con eso, en cierto modo tenía razón, pero por otro era una cosa bastante rara, ¿era verdad eso de que en realidad lo único que quería era alejarme del sufrimiento y la pena que tuve cuando perdí a todos los que estaban conmigo? Se me quedo mirando con una cara escéptica como sabiendo de que tenía razón, aquella niña era un misterio para mi, me dijo que si quería dejar atrás el pasado que lo hiciese, pero tampoco podía dejar que mi presente me acobardase, aquello me dejo aún mas hondo de lo que yo pensaba, termino su sandwich y se marcho dejándome ahí como para que me volviese a la cama en cualquier momento, se despidió dándome las buenas noches y se marcho volviendo a su habitación, la niña tenía razón, me acordaba querer aceptar la vida que ahora tenía y eso impedía que pudiese hacerme a la idea de que todo lo que paso anteriormente había sucedido con tal desgracia, me sentía tan solo que había pasado de todo ese camino que tome para poder sobrevivir a este nuevo mundo que se había alzado tras un ataque alienigena que casi nos destruye, no quería volver a vivir esa época, pero el recuerdo que tengo siempre permanecerá en mi interior de cualquier manera, mi pasado es mi historia, tengo que vivir con ello me guste o no. A la mañana siguiente me desperté, ayer anoche me quede como media hora en mis pensamientos intentando de saber que quedaría de mi una vez me fuese de aquí, pero después de lo que me dijo Beth, me dio otra idea mucho mayor. Fui al salón donde ya estaban todos desayunando, yo me había despertado un poco mas tarde, todos me saludaron pero yo apenas tenía emoción suficiente como para saludarles, vieron que estaba bastante preocupado por algo, intentaron de razonar conmigo para saber que era lo que me ocurría, asentí intranquilo, me acomode en la silla y entonces dije que si lo quería hacerlo, quería hacer el libro. Aquello los entusiasmo ya que sabían que tarde o temprano lo acabaría aceptando, era una buena idea que nunca fallaba, todos agradecieron que lo hiciese, entonces el tío dijo que para eso necesitaban a un editor, alguien que tomase mi historia y la escribiese para luego publicarlo, él conocía a uno muy bueno que vivía cerca de la zona, decidió llamarlo para ver si podía hacer algúna visita y probar de ver si mi historia servía o no. Esperamos un buen rato y entonces al final llego el editor en un pequeño bólido de los años 70, era un hombre con gafas de pelo enderezado hacía arriba y el costado y con el típico atuendo de un periodista licenciado, se llamaba Lionel Conrad, había creado unos cuantos libros de psicología pero nunca antes se había propuesto hacer un biopic sobre un superviviente como yo le dejaron pasar y nos establecimos en el salón para poder hacer la historia, yo me senté en un rincón y él se sentó en el otro, saco su libreta de apuntes como dispuesto a escribir lo que fuese que le contase, yo me lo pensé, estaba apunto de contar toda mi vida a partir del momento en que todo y empezo algo nuevo, todo mi sufrimiento iba a ser narrado ahí, podría estar equivocado y arrepentirme de ello, pero sabiendo que todo lo que pase me condujo de un lado para otro, necesitaba darle una oportunidad, esta iba a ser la única forma de poder vivir de verdad sin huir una vez mas, me puse a contarlo desde el principio, pero no del principio del día en que vinieron los alienigenas, sino del principio que era donde tenía mi propia vida en Nueva York. UNOS AÑOS MAS TARDE La historia de mi vida funcionó a la perfección, fue tal el éxito que acabe convirtiendo en uno de los grandes estrellas del momento, mi libro titulado: LA HISTORÍA DE DARREN GILROY, EL CHICO QUE SOBREVIVIO AL 2 DE JULIO Y LUCHO POR UNA NUEVA VIDA, ese biopic se vendió a través de mil ejemplares por todo el mundo provocando que ahora muchos quisiesen contar su historia a través de los hechos acontecidos entre el 2 de Julio y el 4 de Julio de 1996, aquel editor cumplío su palabra e hizo que mi historia cambiase las cosas, nunca antes me había sentido hasta ahora, era 2005 y estaba al borde de un nuevo avance social, el presidente Whitmore habia creado su base en la luna junto con el gobierno coreano permitiendo que ahora estuviesen mas unidos que nunca, ahora estábamos completamente defendidos contra una nueva invasión alienigena, el mundo estaba cambiando y yo estaba en medio de todo ese brote de nuevas ambiciones, toda la gente quería conocerme, me hacían entrevistas, daba autógrafos, hasta algúnos autores utilizaban parte de mis aventuras como si se tratase de un cuento popular, hasta Stephen King hizo una novela utilizando mi historia en el aserradero, y era bastante buena, me hizo risa su definición del jefe Trumbull, casi se asemejaba a como era él cuando le conocí la primera vista. Fue tal la fama que tuve que en una de mis visitas a las ferias del libro conocí a una muchacha que había pasado por lo mismo que yo, también había perdido a sus padres y se había pasado la vida vagando de un lado para otro como lo hiciese yo, nos pusimos a tomar un café y una cosa llevo a la otra haciendo que al final nos diésemos cuenta de que teníamos mucho en común, unos meses mas tarde me case con ella y acabamos teniendo un hijo, lo llamamos Damien al igual que mi buen amigo en el aserradero, él al final consiguió un trabajo en Nueva York, había creado una cafetería donde todos los clientes tenían que anotarse algo que les sucediese al dia, aquello le dio tanta fama que se expandió por todo el continente, estaba orgulloso de él como seguramente él lo estaba de mi, también encontré a Veronica, al final consiguió un trabajo como actriz, ahora protagoniza películas donde siempre hace de psicóloga o madre que quiere ayudar a aquellos que están desamparados, creo que gano un Emmy gracias a eso, Hutch y Sonya crearon una nueva clínica donde no les sobra personal, el aserradero donde trabaje lo cerraron pero ahora convirtieron la zona en un lugar de turismo, ahora todos querían ir ya que era el lugar donde trabaje durante varios años, ahora Jordan es él guía y director de un parque natural. Susana continuaba sus viajes con su camión ayudando a algúnos a llegar a su destino, nunca se ha separado de ese camión y jamas lo hará hasta el dia de su muerte, al final todos aquellos con los que me había cruzado acabaron teniendo buenas vidas gracias a mi libro, nunca me equivoque al no haber tomado esa decisión sin pensármelo dos veces, llegue tan arriba del triunfo que me había ganado que hasta encima el nuevo presidente George W. Bush junto con el presidente Whitmore que peleo durante la invasión me acabaron entregando el premio Nobel de la Paz por mis méritos durante la reconstrucción del país tras los ataques del 4 de Julio. Después de eso utilice el dinero que me había ganado para crearme un centro psicológico para jóvenes que intentaban de superar los problemas acontecidos aquel mismo dia, aquello me proporciono una mejor vida. En fin, a pesar de todos los problemas por los que pase, pude vencerlos sin arriesgarme a casi nada, sufrí lo que sufrí, luche por lo que luche, pero lo logre, sobreviví al desastre y conseguí algo bueno de todo eso, si mis padres estuviesen aquí seguramente estarían orgullosos de mi. Esta es mi vida ahora, y luchare por mantenerla así. Yo Soy Darren Gilroy, y me despido de todos aquellos que estuvieron conmigo. En memoria de las víctimas del 2 de Julio de 1996 que lucharon para mantener a salvo nuestro planeta del ataque de unos seres hostiles que vinieron a destruir nuestras vidas, todo se lo debemos a Darren Gilroy, por siempre. FIN. ","Summary":" MI VIDA EL 4 DE JULIO Este fanfic ha sido presentado por Dimitrix Enterprises y Dimitrix Inc. El mu"},{"Movie":"Independence Day","Title":"Independance Day: Downtime","Author":"iamQuoz","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12457011","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dikembe Umbutu -Congolese Warlord Floyd Rosenberg -Government Accountant Independence Day: Downtime The harvester queen had been vanquished and the sphere was secure. Finally some time to relax and to finally catch their collective breaths. Floyd could hardly believe that he'd survived, but he put off those thoughts for now. He sat on a soft patch of soil out near where he'd defended Area 51 with Warlord Umbutu just a bit earlier. Umbutu sat with him, watching as Floyd contemplated the gun he'd been handed. \"Do you think they'll let me keep this?\" He asked, breaking the comfortable silence. \"You have the heart of a warrior.\" Umbutu said, seemingly out of nowhere. Floyd looked pleased but was somewhat shocked. \"That's the nicest thing anybody's ever said to me.\" Umbutu shrugged, \"You remember that I brought that blaster -you have- with me from Congo? The one they gave you was taken back by the doctor.\" \"Are you asking for it back?\" Floyd asked smiling, \"Or-\" \"I am saying that if anyone here tries to take that blaster from you they'll have to go through me as well.\" \"Neat. Best present ever.\" Floyd smiled with unbounded glee, \"Thanks man...\" Floyd canted his head slightly, \"So... odd question. What do I call you? Dikembe... Umbutu... I'm not sure which of your names I'm supposed to call you.\" \"When talking to me you may call me Dikembe, but introduce me as Warlord Umbutu to those who don't know me if I should come up.\" Dikembe angled slightly more towards Floyd, \"What name do I call you by? I remember Director Levinson called you Rosenberg, but I'm not sure I remember if you were addressed by any other name?\" \"You can call me Floyd.\" Dikembe stuck out his right hand. \"Apologies Floyd.\" He said, his pronunciation of Floyd's name slightly clumsy but getting there, \"I judged you quite wrongly during our first meeting and I mistook your enthusiasm as- misplaced.\" Floyd took his hand and shook it, \"Well to be fair to you, before today I hadn't ever had any real experience fighting with weapons.\" Floyd withdrew his hand and shrugged, \"By the way, that alien mind thing? That looked super painful, I was scared that you'd somehow got struck by a laser or something...\" \"And I was very concerned how, at first, the sphere seemed to be 'eating you' the hive mind fears it after all... and so too do I. It is the shade of their fear, but I cannot shake it.\" \"Maybe you're just anxious, because I know I am.\" \"I do not know this word, 'anxious'.\" \"Uh. Unsure about the future? Worried about could happen- but like a background baseline feeling?\" Floyd shrugged, \"Wanting something to do...also? It's a complicated feeling.\" Dikembe nodded, \"Anxious sounds like what I am feeling.\" They again lapsed into a comfortable silence, both casually watching Area 51 personnel scurry about to clean and collect the shield generators. The school bus still sat where it had been nearly crushed. The children had long since been placed in the bases' mess hall, both Dikembe and Floyd were glad to see that the kids looked more or less okay. Suddenly a nearby radio crackled to life. \"Hello- uh this is Julius Levinson. Director Levinson's father- er one of the kids is missing his backpack, could someone check the bus and let me know if you find one on it? Uh- over.\" Floyd exchanged a glance with Dikembe \"Well I was planning a trip to the mess hall anyway, you want to come with me?\" Dikembe nodded, \"It will be interesting to see what they have for food on this base.\" Floyd grabbed the radio and they headed over towards the bus. The backpack was quickly located under one of the back seats and one of the kids' rabbit hats lay on a nearby seat as well. \"Floyd to Julius, come in Julius.\" \"Yeah- Julius here.\" \"Located backpack and a hat, you guys are still in the mess hall right? Over.\" \"Yes we're still there...over.\" \"Headed your way, over and out.\" They handed the backpack and hat to Julius upon entering the mess hall, he grinned and handed the stray articles to the kids that they belonged to. \"Thanks, I guess I should have thought to do a final check, but with all that's been happening I guess it completely slipped my mind.\" \"Of course, glad to help. Anything good to eat around here?\" Julius sighed, \"Military rations and MRE's mostly.\" Floyd contemplated a nearby set of three vending machines. He quirked an eyebrow, \"Well, I've got an idea. Dikembe would you help me move these machines away from the wall?\" \"Yes of course.\" Once the machines had been moved forward Floyd set to fiddling with the bottom of the first one, \"Thanks, now lets see here—yup. You'd think an Area 51 base vending machine would be more secure than your average one. Nope, totally a commercial model.\" The vending machine whirred to life and started turning each spiral in quick succession. Bags of chips and various other treats rained down into the collection area. \"Tada!\" Floyd said grinning widely, \"Don't go overboard or anything though don't want to be responsible for any tummy aches.\" Floyd then moved on to the drinks machine. Julius laughed, \"How'd you learn to do that?\" \"Well, I've got a broad electrical knowledge and programming know-how. It was one of the requirements for me being Director Levinson's accountant. Gotta have someone to simplify the technology expense account for the military higher ups.\" The kids were happy clamoring over the pile of goodies and collecting drinks grinning and laughing. The eldest of the kids remembered her manners by turning to Floyd and thanking him. The other kids chimed in with a flurry of thank you's and yeah's nodding happily. \"No problem, glad to help. Hey pass me a package of funyons?\" One of the myriad of kids tossed him a bag of the fried onions. \"You a fan of onions Dikembe?\" \"Yes?\" \"Toss a bag to him too.\" Another bag was thrown, but this time to Dikembe. \"They're battered and fried onions. Try them and tell me what you think.\" Dikembe opened the bag and sniffed tentatively at the contents. Extracting one he brought it to his mouth and tossed it in. He chewed slowly and nodded, \"It is very unusual. You Westerners put a lot of salt on your foods however, is there a water bottle that I might have?\" The elder blond girl walked up and handed Dikembe a water bottle. \"Here you go sir.\" \"Thank you.\" Dikembe said simply. Suddenly Director Levinson was at the door to the mess hall, \"Hey Dad- Uh Rosenberg... kids. Warlord... Umbutu.\" \"Hello David,\" Julius greeted his son with a hug that was shyly received, \"What did they say about when we can leave here?\" David wobbled his hands in a so-so gesture. \"We're still working on re-establishing the communication networks, it could take a while before we can get ourselves organized enough to wrangle the kids' parents.\" The group cast glances at the kids collected around the far table in the corner munching on their snacks. \"For now I guess they'll have to stay here. We'll have a better time getting them some real food in Area 51 after the dust settles a little.\" \"Good. I guess we should figure out where they'll sleep then.\" \"There's some barracks a ways off from the main barracks. Should be space for them there.\" Julius nodded, \"Okay kids we'll be heading off. Follow us to the barracks we gotta to get you guys some rest.\" The kids muttered their agreements and started collecting their respective things. Floyd turned towards Dikembe, \"Are you headed back to Congo anytime soon?\" \"Not tonight, the pilots are in need of rest, and the planes we do have are in need of refuel or repair. I will have to remain here for now.\" \"Right yeah- I guess I should have figured.\" Floyd scratched the back of his head as he watched the kids file out of the mess hall. \"Maybe we should follow them, so we know where the barracks are?\" Dikembe nodded, \"And we should also help make sure the children are looked after as well.\" \"Yeah, that many kids is bound to be something even Area 51 isn't really equipped to deal with.\" Floyd brought up the rear of the line of kids with Dikembe following right behind him. — — — — — — — — — — The school bus kids, the ones that had originally been with the bus that is, had numbered 22 before Julius had joined them with the three kids he'd traveled with. 25 kids was a lot to keep tabs on, but Floyd gladly teamed up with Dikembe to help Julius with the task. Soon the number began to dwindle as families or relatives of the kids were located. Two weeks passed with Floyd beginning to wonder when Dikembe would leave back to his kingdom (is it called a kingdom if his official title is warlord?) He didn't want him to leave, so he didn't ask. Dikembe called him his 'Warrior Brother' and ate every meal with him. Floyd would miss looking after the gaggle of kids, which he lovingly thought of as the jackrabbits because of their hats. He'd especially miss Dikembe, his cool and aloof demeanor was the sort any action hero would be proud to sport. Basically he was too cool for him to be associating with a nerdy government accountant like Floyd. Those tallies on his arm and machetes on his back were pretty badass too. One morning a few days after the last of the jackrabbits now being looked after by family Floyd worried that he'd be left behind in Area 51 with very little that he could do that he was qualified for. Floyd sat sullenly in a corner of the former barracks and pondered this. Maybe he should follow Dikembe to Congo? Julius appeared at the door to the room and brightened upon spotting him. \"Floyd, there you are.\" \"Hey Julius. What's up?\" \"Umbutu was looking for you? Something about The Congo?\" \"Oh?\" \"Yeah he was looking for a ride or something, he's in the main hanger- he asked if anyone had seen you.\" \"So he hasn't left yet?\" \"Like he'd leave without saying goodbye to you?\" Julius laughed, \"You two have practically been joined at the hip these past few weeks.\" Floyd shrugged, \"I guess you're right, thanks for finding me.\" Floyd stood and strode out of the room. The entire walk to the main hanger filled Floyd with a mounting dread. Was this goodbye? He supposed that it was long past time for Dikembe to head home to Congo (he was the warlord after all). The main hanger was a livelier bustle than it been the previous week, now that communication channels had been re-established, there were now ways to organize the supplies that needed to get ferried about. Honestly Floyd wasn't really up on the latest thing that Area 51 had decided on. There should be more meetings, or maybe there could at least be a memo? Dikembe was always easy to spot in almost any room, tall and looming. So Floyd found him easily. \"Hey, heard you were looking for me?\" \"Yes Floyd, it is high time for me to return home. I would like it very much if you would accompany me.\" \"I-I uh, sure yeah- that'd be awesome...\" \"What bothers you?\" \"I-I don't think I'd really fit in. I mean: 'Dangly, pale, bespectacled English man.\" He said pointing at himself derisively, \"Yeah that totally the guy who would fit into a tribal(?) African warrior culture. He'll fit right in.\" Dikembe rested his hand on Floyd's shoulder, \"You would make an excellent addition. As an ambassador to the western world and and English teacher if nothing else. Though you're a warrior if ever I saw one.\" \"Ah. That's a good point actually. About the ambassador to the Western world I mean.\" Floyd shrugged, \"After all Dr. Marceaux is staying here to figure out the sphere.\" \"Indeed, the good doctor did act as our ambassador for a while.\" Dikembe said nodding, \"But even if she were wanting to return with me, I still would have requested you come.\" \"Well, okay.\" Floyd said smiling widely, \"When are we leaving?\" \"The pilot is ready now.\" \"Awesome. Let's go then.\" — — — — — — — — — The Congolese people seemed a little put off by Floyd, but eventually settled their concerns after getting used to him. Well, for the most part. Dikembe's council of fellow warriors shot looks at Floyd and grumbled derogatory things in their native tongue behind his back. They had only tolerated the female doctor because she only was interested in her studies of the aliens' language. She had never overstepped her welcome by being so foolish as to correct their English! He should be more respectful. Dikembe overheard these men from time to time, wanting very much to throttle them the first few, and growing increasingly more worried with the frequency of the complaints. Could his council not see Floyd's worth? They mocked his name and his pale skin, called him weak to his face! Dikembe felt troubled, maybe if they could see Floyd as the warrior that he was underneath the layer of their own underestimation? Floyd didn't seem to let it get to him, he'd known there would be some push-back. In truth he'd expected a lot more derision from the council of elders. It wasn't until a conflict with a group of harvester aliens, that Floyd was able to prove himself. (pod... swarm? What's the collective term for the harvester aliens?) Floyd only had minor abrasive cuts whereas other established warriors said they owed their lives to Floyd as he had provided much needed cover. The warriors said of him, 'Calm, and vigilant. Seemingly seeing enemies mere moments before their attacks.' This quieted the descent from the elders, finally, Floyd had secured the reputation of a warrior amongst his people. \"Of all the things you've got to worry about on a daily basis, the aliens are almost the most predictable.\" Floyd murmured, \"I think this pocket of them must have gotten desperate to ambush us though. They've mostly stayed hidden and stuck at night on small groups or lone travelers.\" \"Yes... or children.\" Dikembe offered somberly. \"They- the children aren't allowed to leave the secured perimeter until the last of the aliens' are cleared out.\" Floyd said confused, \"There hasn't been a kid attacked since I've gotten here, and it's going to stay that way if I've got any say in it!\" Dikembe sighed. \"Before, with my Father in charge— he said that children had to be trained from an early age to be warriors— to learn to fight on their own.\" Dikembe slowly gestured to his younger brothers' photo on the wall. \"Oh.\" Floyd said simply, \"I see.\" \"When I took over, I vowed to avenge my younger brother.\" Dikembe shook his head, \"a part of me wonders if we've really made a dent if that was only one of the harvester queens.\" \"Well the sphere did say no one had ever killed a harvester queen before,\" Floyd noted, \"so we've showed the resistance that it's at least possible.\" Dikembe nodded, \"It is a start.\" — — — — — — — — — — — A year passed, and the aliens left on earth were estimated to be less than 100 worldwide. Absolutely none left in all of Congo or in the surrounding countries thanks to the sizable efforts of the warriors and citizenry. There were celebrations being planned all over, one year anniversary of the defeat of the harvester queen, and the Twenty-first anniversary of the original attack's win. \"Floyd. Warrior brother?\" Dikembe was puzzled, Floyd had not made it to breakfast that morning, it wasn't like him to sleep in. Today was special— they were supposed to celebrate the anniversary of the win together after all. Dikembe knocked on Floyd's door, \"Are you in there?\" A light groan emanated from behind the door. Floyd opened the door slightly, \"Good morning Dikembe— sorry I slept in, but I was just so comfortable this morning.\" The door shifted slightly revealing a bare chested Floyd, \"I figured if I couldn't sleep in— today of all days— when could I?\" Floyd chuckled at his own joke, very much unaware of the assessing look that Dikembe was sweeping over his bare chest. \"What?\" Floyd said, having finally noticed Dikembe had yet to say anything. Upon realizing he was being stared at Floyd began to shrink back and he nervously placed his arms in front of his chest. \"Uh— I'll just go get dressed -now.\" Dikembe silently entered the room and closed the door behind him, \"No need to dress yourself on my account— you have no need to be ashamed of your bare chest.\" Dikembe noted the tally marks on Floyd's left arm. The small black lines on his upper arm, standing in a stanch contrast to the pale skin, were very far above where his tan line started. \"You would even hide your tally?\" Floyd shrugged, \"Well, sort of?\" He shrugged shyly, \"It makes sense to start at the top of the arm and work down it... I sun burn easy, so long sleeves are just to be practical.\" Dikembe took a step toward Floyd and traced the small tallies with his right hand, \"You have made great progress this past year,\" he counted out the tally in his head, \"You are nearing a count of seventy.\" Floyd arm was smooth to Dikembe's rough callused hand as he clasped his hand over his shoulder. Floyd still wasn't looking Dikembe in the eye. Dikembe realized that Floyd was shaking slightly. \"Why are you shaking?\" Dikembe asked confused. It was not cold in the room... maybe Floyd had caught a chill, and that was the true reason for him sleeping in. Floyd's eyes darted around, only briefly meeting Dikembe's gaze. However, it was enough for the seasoned warlord to recognize fear and uncertainty. \"What troubles you?\" Floyd sighed, \"Didn't sleep well last night if I'm honest, the one year anniversary is technically only because the twentieth anniversary was interrupted by another invasion.\" Floyd's gaze finally settled on Dikembe, \"The aliens seem to really like attacking on significant dates...is what I'm saying.\" Dikembe nodded, \"This is true, but the downed alien ships do not stir— and I feel nothing of the hive mind.\" Floyd offered a watery smile, but the first genuine one he'd offered that morning. Something shifted between them, and a very fragile— very small— moment hung in the air. A moment that was more of a feeling. A feeling, one year and many battles in the making. A warlord of Congo, fighting since birth, for his brother— fighting against his fathers decisions about the recruitment of children. A pale British man, former government accountant, who went from working in liaison with the military to fighting alongside the military. Then chosen to become the Congo's ambassador to the West. The differences of their backgrounds and cultures were too many. The moment—the feeling— was surely too fragile. But. Where others might have faltered. Where so many other possibilities branched from the conclusion of this conversation... so much easier possibilities with less far reaching consequences... Both Dikembe and Floyd simultaneously reached into the feeling and listed in the direction of the other. The kiss was short and chaste, barely a brush of their lips. It shook both men to their cores. The kiss changed everything. It was a silent admission of what had been growing between them in the past year, and was perhaps more fragile than the moment previous. Neither man said anything, the only sound in the room was their breathing. Then Floyd tilted his head to the side, imploring Dikembe with a seeking question in his look. Floyd then purposely surged forward and kissed Dikembe. Dikembe's hands grasped at Floyd. The right hand gripping his shoulder harder, and his left hand found itself at the small of Floyd's back. They lost themselves to the moment. Their pasts and titles were no longer barriers between them. Or, maybe, they never really were any barriers— other than the shallow ones, imagined and then taught by society. When they finally broke apart Floyd smiled self-deprecatingly, \"You could do a LOT better than me. I can't be worth all the problems that I know—\" Dikembe silenced him with a deep kiss. He parted only a sliver of distance between their mouths to reply, \"I still do not understand how you do not see your own worth. I made the mistake of not seeing it when we first met, and since having been proved to be wrong I have had to fight to make others see it.\" Dikembe kissed him again, even more deeply than the last time. Passion ramping up with each kiss, with his hands and arms set to holding Floyd close. Another pause as Dikembe continued his line of thought. \"Now I will fight to make sure that you see.\" Dikembe clasped Floyd's face with his right hand, \"I will see to it that you no longer have cause to so disparage -the man— I have found cause to love.\" \"L-love?\" Floyd was both visibly elated and shocked in equal measure. How could a Congolese Warlord possibly-? He wasn't Warlord Umbutu to him- no, he'd long since been just simply, Dikembe. Floyd smiled wide and surged forward into Dikembe's proffered kiss ","Summary":" Dikembe Umbutu -Congolese Warlord Floyd Rosenberg -Government Accountant Independence Day: Downtime"},{"Movie":"Independence Day","Title":"The Day Trip, Novel set in NYC for 99p Book one of four","Author":"stephenc384","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12534605","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey all, my name is Stephen I am from the UK. I have recently had published my action adventure novel for all readers aged 14+. It is called The Day Trip, it is book one of four. I am very grateful to Black Rose Writing in the USA who have traditionally published my book and kept the story as I wrote it. So many thanks to Black Rose Writing. I am known as one of their cinematic writers, I write at a fast pace and keep the story flowing. The Day Trip is about a small group of American High School Pupils who are on a trip to Manhattan with their senior year group. While visiting the city an alien task force who landed the night before landed in New York begin an invasion. From there it is a fight for survival. Bradley Harrison is the lead character, him and a small group must fight their way through Manhattan to an evacuation point which has been set up by the US military and national guard. But the girl who he loves is kidnapped by the invaders and Bradley is determined to get her back. That's all I am going to say. So below I have put Chapter One, and the intro to Chapter Two in for you to read and come to an understanding of my literature and the way I describe a scene in my own wording. Many people ask me how I put scenes together, and the answer to that is \"music\". When I am writing a specific scene to any of my books I switch the music over. Mainly film soundtracks. Resident Evil is a brilliant series I use when writing. Anyway enough of me chatting now. The Day Trip is the name of my book, it will not let me leave a URL lik. Please, please, please do not buy \"The Field Trip\" that is being sold illegally with another company that has shut down. Also I love connecting with my readers, below is my author page and twitter names. I hope you enjoy reading The Day Trip, my publishers are doing a 99p / $1.28 sale on Amazon Kindle right now. Many thanks again (Contact me I don't bite) S W Cheshire Chapter 1 A green, five-foot- six tall Armazoid named Gremlon stared out the front of his dropship window. He was an average interstellar pilot away from home on a ship mainly used for troop transport. Moderate sized and dull, the ship had two atomic engines at the back capable of propelling them through universe quicker than the blink of our eye. They were on Planet Sygonia, which is approximately eight point nine trillion light years from Planet Earth—very far away. \"Where are they?\" Gremlon snapped. \"They should have called in by now.\" The situation was tense. Comlon, his co-pilot, looked onto the radio stand on the avionics compartment of the ship waiting for the call. Ibregorg, the only other crewman aboard, looked pointlessly into the foliage for anything that could appear and pose a threat to their position. The dense shrubs surrounding the ship made it hard to see into the distance. \" This is Strike Force One calling Armazon three-one-six.\" Gremlon jumped to attention and saw Comlon sit straighter in his chair. \"That's them,\" Gremlon yelped. \"Answer it!\" \"Go ahead, Strike Force One,\" Comlon stated. \"What is your status and estimated time of arrival?\" There was a short pause. \" ETA four minutes, Armazon three one six.\" \"Power up!\" Gremlon said. \"We are out of here.\" Comlon fired up the atomic engines, and three minutes later watched as the strike force team came from the huge shrubs and bushes, chased by the tribal inhabitants of Sygonia. The gangplank was down—all the troops had to do was run fast and get on board. Alas, they were being shot down one by one by the vengeful Sygonians. Gremlon watched as the sprinting group slowly dwindled as they got closer and closer to the awaiting dropship, the foliage around them swaying with the force from the engines. He stared in disbelief. Colleagues he had known for years were perishing right in front of him. Nowhere in the universe had they come up against such an invincible force of creatures. Apparently, the Armazoids couldn't contend with their tribal nature and ability to unite and strategize. \"Come on!\" Gremlon gasped. \"Come on!\" Only one Armazoid from the strike force remained. He sprinted out towards the safety of the dropship, grasping the weapon he did not have time to recharge and use. Gremlon watched as this last remaining member of the strike team was shot in the back. The body froze, as the blood from his body ran out of his back. Eyes wide open, staring at the Armazoid Dropship, he slammed into the ground, knees first. Gremlon started running towards him. \"Cover me!\" he shouted over his shoulder. \"What?\" Comlon gasped. \"We haven't got time.\" Comlon watched as Gremlon dived out the back of the ship. Comlon had his back and opened fire onto the incoming Sygonians—there was no comrades left standing that he could possibly hit—while Gremlon dove onto the ground near the soldier. The soldier was panting from pain. His voice almost a whisper, he said, \"It is in my pouch.\" Gremlon knew he wasn't going to make it. He pulled a small disk out the pouch of his dying comrade. He looked down as the green blood ran out of the body. He didn't have the time to say goodbye, which added to the anger he felt. \" Gremlon! \" Comlon screamed at the top of his voice. Gremlon leapt up, sprinting back to open hanger of the dropship. He and Comlon shut the hanger door and ran to the control room. The atomic engines were at full power and ready to roll. Gremlon grabbed onto the stick in front of him, lifting the ship of the ground. He pushed the two power throttles forward. \"Hold on!\" he screamed. The nose of the dropship leveled out as it reached cruising altitude. He looked down at the blips on the radar, showing several dots following their own. The Sygonian ships were chasing after them. \"Get the burners on,\" Gremlon yelled. \"They are right behind us!\" \"Won't be a minute,\" Comlon replied. \"They're still powering up.\" Gremlon looked down onto the computer screen. The rays from the chasing Sygonian ships fired onto them as they powered away from the planet. He tried to dodge them. \"Ready!\" Comlon yelled. But before he could activate them, one of the rays hit the engines. There was a small explosion at the back, but the dropship continued to move upwards. Gremlon looked down at his screen as the afterburners continued to fire up. Finally, a blue ray zoomed from the back, blasting the ship forward—luckily they were still working. The Sygonian spaceships could only watch as the Armazoids craft disappeared into the depths of space. Gremlon lay back in his seat as the silver light of the stars passed the main front window. \"That was close,\" he said, relieved. \"You guys okay?\" The two Armazoids nodded, stunned by the sudden fire fight they had just got into. They were lucky to be alive. \"Let's assess the damage,\" Gremlon ordered. \"To see if we can make it back to base with this data.\" Comlon and Ibregorg stood up to take stock of the state of their ship. Gremlon stayed on the helm, but looked up when his two crew-men came back quickly. \"It should be okay until we get back to the ship,\" Comlon said. \"Hopefully.\" He sat down in the co-pilot seat of the dropship and looked out as they sped through the galaxy. He noticed a huge yellow star in the center of their present galaxy. \"How far have we travelled?\" he asked. \"About seven point nine trillion,\" Gremlon replied. \"All that for this!\" Comlon said remorsefully, gesturing to the small disk with the valuable data in Gremlon's hand. \"I knew Iennae and Blapau for years. It should have been me on that raid.\" \" Hey,\" Gremlon snapped, looking Comlon straight in the eyes. Comlon looked at Gremlon, his eyes wide. \"Don't you ever let me hear you say that again,\" Gremlon yelled. \"Those two signed up to defend our motherland, our home, our Armazon. Their deaths will not be in vain, I can promise you that!\" The back of the dropship went unusually quiet. Suddenly, an explosion from the back rocked the ship. The nose of the ship lowered. Gremlon grabbed onto the stick, pulling back. It was a struggle, but it pulled out. Alarms were screaming at him to act. \"Now what?\" Comlon asked. Gremlon looked up at his computer. He watched as the left atomic engine started to shut down. They would never be able to make it to the mother ship. Light smoke started entering the cabin of the ship. There was a sudden surge. He continued looking at his computer as both the engines flared up. \"Declare an emergency,\" Gremlon said. The ship started to slow down as Comlon switched on the radio. On the main ship still light years from them, Circo, the leader of the first attack force, stood in the control room, trillions of miles away. \" This is Comlon,\" the radio mumbled. Circo stormed over to it. The signal was weak. \"Comlon, this is Circo. Can you hear me?\" he asked. There was a short break. \"Yes, only just,\" Comlon replied. \"We have been hit and are unable to reach base.\" \"Comlon—\" started Circo. The radio went completely dead. Gremlon looked up as the smoke filling the cockpit grew thicker. The radio was dead, and the ship had sustained too much damage. He scanned the radar, looking for a place or a planet to ditch the craft. Sparks flew out of the radio. But something caught Gremlon's eye as the ship banked to the left. He saw a medium-sized planet coming into view. He stared through the windshield at the lumps of blue and a funny looking green color that covered the planet. It was their only option. \"There,\" he yelled. \"There!\" \"I heard you the first time,\" Comlon replied. Gremlon was pointing at Planet Earth. He looked at the curious planet as it grew in their view screens. He turned the ship and headed directly towards it. Sparks continued to rain down from the ceiling as the instruments and system gauges started to fail one after the other. The planet filled their view as they continued to slow down with the loss of engine power. The nose of the ship heated up as they entered the planet's atmosphere. Gremlon pulled the control stick back, straining the craft's hydraulic system to try to slow the descent. The two other Armazoids could only sit and watch as the flames sped over the ship, adding to the heat from the burning engines, and the craft gently rocked from side to side. The orange flames and plasma trails disappeared from the ship. Dense, jet-black smoke poured from the back of the engine. Comlon looked out of the window as they continued quickly dropping from the sky. \"What is this place?\" Gremlon demanded. \"I, I don't know,\" Comlon replied. \"How high are we?\" Gremlon asked. \"We are just over five thousand feet above it. We've got maybe two minutes of glide time before we crash,\" Comlon replied. Something else caught Gremlon's eyes. He looked to his left to see two black jets pulling up next to them as they continued descending towards the ground. \"What the hell are they?\" Gremlon asked. The two other Armazoids walked up to the window and looked out as the ground continued to get closer and closer. One of the black jets pulled in front of the dropship, gently rocking its wings. Gremlon followed the black jet over the land. He looked out to see a long strip in front of them, approaching as they passed through five thousand feet. \"Sit down,\" Gremlon ordered. \"This is going to be rough this landing.\" The two other Armazoids sat down as Gremlon reached out and pulled down the landing gear lever. The landing gear came down as the airstrip came closer and closer to them. The wind drag it created helped slow the ship for the landing. The two black jets continued accompanying them towards the threshold of the runway as they descended. Gremlon grasped hold of the control stick and pulled the nose up as the back gear slammed into the ground. The black fumes continued piling out of the aircraft. The speed brakes opened on the top of the wings as the nose gear touched down onto the runway of the huge military airstrip. The end of the runway was getting near, and the dropship had started to slow down, but they were still going too fast. Gremlon felt the nose wheel start to creak. He held on tight as it touched down, skidding along the rest of the runway. The scraping echoed around the cabin as the ship. Luckily it helped to slow them down to a stop. The onlookers at a military base in Yenisei in northern Russia, around 300 miles from the Siberian border, gawked as the alien spacecraft stood on the runway, nose gear collapsed. No signs of life could be seen. Gremlon slowly lifted his head up and peeked out of the window, which already had a dusting of snow settling on it. He didn't know what to expect. The life forms slowly started walking towards them, armed well. \"What the hell are those things?\" he asked in a shocked and confused voice. Comlon walked to the front of the ship. Still shaken from the crash, he stared at the gray uniforms and wide hats. The weather outside was freezing, and snow started to obstruct the view of the beings moving toward them. Gremlon pulled himself together. \"Prepare to disembark—now!\" Gremlon ordered. As the Armazoids prepared to leave the ship, the life forms completely surrounded them. Gremlon looked down at his computer. He pushed the tiny emergency button, which signaled their location to the mother ship light years away from their current position. He also took the time to assess the area outside him via his computer readouts. They reported very high levels of carbon dioxide and very low temperatures. \"Suits,\" he ordered. \"Carbon dioxide out there and lots of it.\" \"We're going out there?\" Comlon asked in a shocked voice \"Got a better idea?\" Gremlon replied, looking into his eyes The group got into their suits, looking at one another apprehensively as they prepared to go outside. \"Hide the data,\" Gremlon ordered, waving the disk in Comlon's face. \"What?\" Comlon asked. \"Just do it.\" Comlon took the disk and hid it in a flap under the floor. They armed themselves, ready to fight to the death. Gremlon looked at his two comrades as he pulled the red lever. The bay doors slowly hissed open. The smoke poured in from the outside. It was extremely cold. \"Here goes,\" Gremlon said. Gremlon walked out first, uncertain of what to do first. There was another group of natives approaching dressed all in white. \"What do we do?\" Comlon frantically whispered to Gremlon, clearly panicking. Gremlon didn't say a word. \"Now!\" Comlon yelled. \"Wait,\" Gremlon shrieked, trying to prevent the fight. Comlon fired onto the men, followed closely by Ibregorg. Their purple rays zapped through the air, mostly slamming harmlessly into the snow, but one hit a man dressed in gray. The men in gray began to run and shout, finding cover and firing back at the Armazoids. \"Shit,\" Gremlon yelled as he dove behind the ships's cargo door. He watched from his position of relative safety as Comlon and Ibregorg, his only two remaining crewmen, fell to the ground, riddled with bullets. He knew he would have to surrender, but the fate of Planet Armazon rested in his hands and on that disk. Gremlon dropped his weapon onto the floor. He stood up slowly, looking at the people as they walked slowly towards him, clutching their weapons. Two of the men placed him in a strong plastic bag. Gremlon felt his body being tightly compressed as he was lifted and placed on a metal table. He struggled to get out but the straps were too tight. He trembled as he wondered where on earth he was going. Volkov Radoslav, the Russian Premier, woke to a banging on his door. His eyes slowly opened to the heavy knocks. His head burned from the warmth of the heaters. He sat up slowly and rubbed his eyes. He got out of the bed and walked across the red carpet toward the front door of his room. He found himself looking at his assistant, Stanislav. \"Sorry to wake you, sir, but there has been an incident,\" Stanislav said quietly. Volkov paused for a long moment before speaking. \"Okay. A minute please.\" He dressed slowly, wondering what on earth had happened for him to be woken up so early in the morning. The sun had started to come up over the horizon of Moscow. Volkov walked out of his bedroom and down to his office. He sat down as three of his military top generals waited to speak to him. He looked at his white coffee cup on his desk as he sat down and noticed the lack of steam. \"Okay, bring me up to speed on the situation,\" Volkov demanded. One of the generals stepped forward. \"Sir,\" he said quietly, \"an alien spacecraft has crashed at our Yenisei air base.\" Volkov didn't say a word. He wondered if he was still asleep and if this was just a dream running through his head. \"An alien spacecraft,\" he repeated. \"Yes, sir. Crash-landed a few hours ago. We only just got the message.\" There was a silence in his office. He looked up at the clock. \"Did anyone see what damaged the ship?\" he asked. \"No, sir,\" his general said. \"It flew in from the north already smoking and crashed at our air force base there. We managed to guide it in.\" \"Did any living thing emerge from the craft?\" Volkov asked. \"Yes sir,\" The general replied. \"Three of them.\" \"Did they offer any resistance?\" Volkov asked. \"Yes. Two were shot and we have one at Area 52,\" the general said. \"Has he tried any type of communication with you?\" Volkov asked. \"No, sir,\" his general replied, \"but we are working at it.\" \"Okay,\" Volkov said. \"I want a media blackout on this. No one is to know—only us.\" \"Understood, sir.\" Chapter 2 Three months later. If you asked Bradley Harrison to write about himself and what was important to him, this is what he would say: We used to be the typical boys, running around with toy guns, shooting at enemies and, of course, not to forget the aliens. You know what I mean. So we had the practice. Who was to know that one day all that pissing around would have been needed on a normal day like today. My name is Bradley. Bradley Harrison. I'm your average, everyday teenager. Love women and have my mind on one thing only. You guessed it: gun clubs and martial arts. Of course, you know what else I mean. I was born on the 2nd August 19.99. So nearly eighteen. Let me introduce you to some of my friends, and to make things better, the enemies too, who are going to have a different view of me after today. Meet Kevin, my longest running and most loyal friend. I have known him since kindergarten. He has a great brother called Will who has joined the US Army. Then we have Max. Nice guy, the best sniper shooting at the local gun club. He has had more bull's eyes than I have had hot dinners. And of course we leave the best man till last. Meet Eric. Yes, Eric. Mind you, Eric did help us out a lot when the Armazoids were invading, but he isn't the sharpest tool in the toolbox. But we all love him very much. Now to the others. Kate is my childhood sweetheart, and Lisa is Kevin's. To this very day we are trying to get in their pants. I didn't just say that, did I? But haven't had much luck since—well, you get what I mean. Now to the fun people. Ms. Hogan, our form tutor. Has had it in for me ever since I started high school. I don't know it's one of those things, but she has a little side-kick named Colin. If I said boo to a goose he would tell her. So there you have it. However, a normal day trip to the Big Apple is going to change the way they viewed life as they saw it. The Day Trip Stephen Cheshire Twitter: S_W_Cheshire Instagram S_W_Cheshire Facebook Author Stephen W Cheshire ","Summary":" Hey all, my name is Stephen I am from the UK. I have recently had published my action adventure nov"},{"Movie":"Independence Day","Title":"When This is Over","Author":"a sorceress girl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12472388","Passage":"[Chapter 1] authors note: originally written and posted on AO3 on June 27th 2016. Brackish Okun had only been awake for a few hours and he would not stay put. It didn't matter how much Milton Issacs had begged for him to at least wait for the medical team to get a better look at him, he simply did not want to stay put. He at least stopped for a minute to put on some pants—grumbling about how Milton failed to tell him that his butt was hanging out earlier. There was so much that he had missed! So much to get caught up on! It wasn't exactly a mystery why Brackish had failed to even notice his lack of clothing. Once his partner was in his khaki brown slacks, suspenders and lab coat, Milton felt his heart flutter. Even if his hair was more white and wrinkles decorated his face, Brackish had looked just like he did before the War of '96. It was kind of unfair how age didn't effect him as much as it did Milton, who was noticeably fatter and balding as his lover had pointed out. He apparently still looked good though. Milton let out a content sigh as he smoothed out the wrinkles in the front of the pristine lab coat that Brackish wore. A smile appeared on Milton's lips as he listened to Brackish go on and on about how excited he was to see the rapid advance in technology and that he couldn't wait to see more. \"I just wish that I could've seen the beginnings of it! Maybe even work on integrating it into our own technology—gosh, it must've been incredible!\" Brackish said excitedly, words running together as his jittering hands slid on the wool scarf that was made just for him. The other man hummed in delight that his partner had decided to keep wearing the scarf. He still worried that the wool would itch and scratch Brackish's neck, but there weren't any signs of it being irritating. Unless he was too excited to notice how irritating the brown wool was against his skin, which Milton had now considered a likely possibility, since Brackish didn't seem to notice the breeze against his bare back earlier. \"What else have I missed?!\" Brackish said, his hands grabbing onto Milton's before squeezing them tight. \"Baby, I've been gone for twenty years! Alien guns and intricate space travel can't be the only things! Milton blinked, a million things that had happened in the last twenty years ran through his mind. Where to even start? \"Well. They made three more Jurassic Park movies.\" He said jokingly, a wide yet closed mouth smile appearing on his face. That was apparently enough to send Brackish in another excited frenzy, though to be fair, that was his default setting. Milton would've been worried if he wasn't at least a little excited. \"We'll have to watch them when this is all over.\" \"Of course!\" Brackish brought Milton's hands closer to his smiling face, pressing a light kiss onto his lover's knuckle. \"Anything else that's huge?\" Milton's hands squeezed Brackish's as a thought came to mind. He swallowed, eyes flickering from Brackish's shining ones to the tile floor below them; should he bring it up? Well, there wasn't any reason to not bring it up... \"...We can get married now.\" He said, voice trembling as his grip grew tighter and tighter. His heart pounded in his chest, both drowning out and somehow adding to the silence that fell between them in the room. Was that too much? Was it too soon? The other did just wake up... Brackish lowered their hands so that they weren't in the way of his face and smiled. \"Well, we better kick some serious alien ass so we can get this marriage on the road!\" Warmth filled the sterile hospital room as they stood in place for just one more minute, basking in possibly the last quiet moment they'd have together during the attack. They both had another reason to work their hardest to ensure the world's and their survival. ","Summary":" authors note: originally written and posted on AO3 on June 27th 2016. Brackish Okun had only been a"},{"Movie":"Independence Day","Title":"Independence Day: Fire and Fury","Author":"Hawki","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12486135","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Fire and Fury For millennia, I've waited, For this hour to come round. Where your bastard race all burns away, Even your ashes shall be ground. … Always you sought to find me, And yet I was too fast. So imagine my contentment, To behold your end at last. … Content marred by sorrow though, As I remember those who fell. Entire worlds left lifeless, As they felt your touch of hell. … Some I saved, in numbers small, But always, far too few. But your enemy, you did create, All bound by hate of you. … So at last you know our final fury, At last you know our ire. Let your race be naught but stardust, Purged by fury and fire. ","Summary":" Fire and Fury For millennia, I've waited, For this hour to come round. Where your bastard race all "},{"Movie":"Independence Day","Title":"Fire and ice","Author":"KawaiiKitsuneGirl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12053807","Passage":"[Chapter 1] They meet at a work party, which is the first sign that something's very wrong with their life (who meets through work?) and they're both attracted at the start but just can't get along- they are fire and ice, oil and water, politics and mathematics, they are two spirits who couldn't be more different but gravitate towards one another anyway. They end up in a dark room (Thomas' office) and David can't think of a worse idea than this. It's all an accident, nothing done on purpose, and when it's finished, they don't say a word. Both of them put their clothes back on, refuse to look each other in the eye, and when they emerge everyone assumes they were fighting. It's just how they are, nothing They don't even remotely like one another. David takes Constance out on a date (it's all fancy clothes and scented candles and the food costs more than the rent) and he realises that this is the worst way that he can think of to spend the rest of his life. She nags all evening and he daydreams, thinking of a man who doesn't care about his job, his life, who doesn't care about him and it's all so much better that way. Constance doesn't notice when he starts to take her lunch at work, flowers, chocolates- she loves the attention, revels in it and nags him all the more about ambition. When he's lucky, he catches a glimpse of piercing blue eyes and sharp words and can't help but feel that strictly attraction is moving further away from the cards. There's a Christmas party, and it's at a local pub. In his defence, they are all very drunk. Constance doesn't notice that he wasn't with her the entire night long, and David only knows that he spent the night with Thomas because they woke up next to each other, arms casually draped over one another and he couldn't escape fast enough. Now that he's here, he wishes that he was back there. When he was there, he wishes he was here. David's life is a complicated thing, and it's not getting any simpler, no matter how hard he wishes. He finds Thomas' number in his phone. He doesn't text. Every time they meet, it gets easier and easier to insult one another over work and clothing and family and relationships and looks- everything's fair game. Except, the one thing that they can never bring themselves to admit is that every little thing they criticise about is something they admire and are jealous of; David wants Thomas' ambition, his drive, and Thomas wants David's ability to exist contently on the sidelines and yet neither would swap it if they could. All they are to each other is temporary relive from life. Constance starts taking longer trips away. David knows she's dissatisfied with him and the life that he's built for her, but damn them all. He's happy and doing his best to compromise for her, but these things aren't in his nature. He tries hard, he really does, but she's gone for days, weeks on end and he starts to find himself living in Thomas' flat, still unable to have a civil conversation and arguing over things from coffee to Pluto (David doesn't care what Thomas thinks. Pluto is a planet) but the mornings are worth getting up for again. They go out once or twice in the evenings, but it's not the right sort of places for them. It always ends up with takeaways, two different ones sat side by side on the insanely comfortable sofa. David sends and receives his first text from Thomas. It reads simply: a list of insults. They understand the language well. Constance gets home, David can't be bothered with drama so he bags a bag and goes back to Thomas. She's fuming, he's upset, and they were like bread and butter, but now the butter has decided to coexist with marmite and the bread no longer has a place in the equation. He returns home a week later and she's gone away; he invites Thomas over and they have sandwiches at David's house for once. They discuss his marriage, and it's sad that the only thing that they don't argue over is the thing in David's life that causes the most argument. There's make up around the sink when David drops by. Thomas isn't in (he's got his own key now) so he cycles in to the office and marches in, shoving the evidence in his partner's voice and demanding answers. He's cheated on David, he knows it, so he punches Thomas in the face and walks out again. They're no longer dating. Just like that. Outside, he walks straight into Constance who of course heard only the parts about Thomas having an affair (she assumes that the world revolves around her) and suddenly that's gone too. That's it, they don't meet up for years (3 years, 2 months and 11 days, but who's counting?) and Thomas marries a woman called Marilyn, who has a two year old girl and they raise her together. David doesn't keep track of the news anymore. He doesn't want to see Thomas' face ever again, but then the whole alien thing happens and he has to. The only thing to be thankful of is the fact that he manages to save Thomas' life. After it's all over, everyone thinks that he'll get back together with Constance (the perfect ending, the perfect couple) and she pretends as though she's happy to, but he's not. He gives it a month to check whether this is really what he wants or not, and it's not. They break up after the three weeks, and David goes straight over to Thomas' house to apologise and ask out, then ends up staying there for a week and looking after Patricia, who really is very cute indeed. He's got work to get back to though, so he leaves the two and stays over there for a few days, before deciding that he can commute from the White House. Thomas proposes in public, in a McDonalds and David immediately agrees, kissing him right there even though he doesn't like public spectacles and people keep taking pictures of the president and his new fiancé. They make the news the following morning and come out national TV, and Constance is finally happy with David and congratulates him for doing something with his life. There's a lot of fire from the press, but neither of them care. It's their life. The wedding is on a Thursday and David turns up in jeans and an old t shirt and Thomas forces him to put on a suit. They end up walking down the aisle together (by this point nobody cares about tradition) and everybody cheers and catcalls. Steve wishes them a happy life together, and Dylan walks up to Patricia seriously and asks her for a dance. They all laugh, and then proceed to dance but David can't stop falling over so they go sit on the side and drink unhealthy amounts of alcohol, laughing as the fat lady sings. He can't think of a better way to spend the rest of his life. ","Summary":" They meet at a work party, which is the first sign that something's very wrong with their life (who"},{"Movie":"Independence Day","Title":"20 Years Later - Independence Day Resurgence FanFiction","Author":"Gillan1220","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11992568","Passage":"[Chapter 1] April 15, 2016 B.R.I.G.H.T. Academy Cebu City, Republic of the Philippines Summer time. The time we all waited and finally achieved. Not for me, I am turning 4th year college by this June 13th and will start internship this April 20th. Basically, I'm just coming back to visit my old high school because I still have friends there, and to make up for the loss of prom. Arriving at the waiting area, I notice the students, bringing in with them food-to-share for their upcoming parties and some futuristic gadgets like holographic glassphones, hoverboards (yes, I'm talking about like the one from Back to the Future), remote-control rotorless drones and much, much more. Across me, a kid shows off his trick with the hoverboard before his guardian warns him not to ride in public areas as the danger of hitting a person is present. \"Well, it's 8:15 am. And my contacts are not here yet\" I said to myself as I observed my advanced wristwatch I received during my eighteenth birthday. This wristwatch I got has a built-in GPS and 3D mapping system - one of the great features that we humans cannibalized after the War of 1996. In addition to that, it acts like a phone itself where you can call people, but I'll stick to my iPhone glassphone for now, which is more of like a holographic phone. Of course, I had to wait for my student contact. Noticing the cars that arrive, one of my promised contacts arrived. His name is Christopher Drape, he is from Tennessee but here in the Philippines, both of us are neighbors. \"Hey Chris.\" I called him. \"Can you kindly request the school admin that I can go in? I'm only here for a quick errand.\" The \"errand\" here in question is to recreate this picture I consider \"iconic\" with a \"Sure thing Gill.\" Christopher said. \"I hope this thing goes according to plan.\" I said to myself. On top across me is a Widescreen LED TV, the channel was on ANC 24/7 - the Philippines' 24 hour news channel. Aside from the 2016 Presidential Elections and the K-12 education program, which are the main headlines in everyone's mind, it also reported some headlines about the 20th anniversary of the War of 1996. A few minutes later, Chris comes back, with disappointment in his face. \"Lemme guess, it's the bad news?\" I asked even I already know what happened next. \"Yes, apparently, the school will not allow visitors for now because it's a 'student's party.'\" \"Wow, that's amazing!\" I said sarcastically, \"It's just the first step to the plan and now we've hit a coral on the way to the beachhead!\" Chris was not alone when he came back to me. Accompanying him was my computer class teacher in my high school days, Sir Ervin. He placed him hand on my shoulder and said to me: \"I'll try my best to convince the admin for you to visit.\" \"Thank you sir.\" I said as they both left. I then whispered to myself: \"Man, this school is paranoid, even to an alumni who stayed loyal for more than 13 years.\" Looking at the situation, I think it's complete rubbish how they won't allow an alumni to visit on the last day of school where technically nothing but a goodbye party for each of the year levels and that's it! If it's visitors coming from other schools who had no past connections to B.R.I.G.H.T. Academy, then I understand if they don't allow them to enter. And for God's sake, I am an alumni. The only disadvantage I face is that I do not have a younger sibling who schools here - unlike my other fellow alumni who use that advantage for them visit this place. The War of 1996 happened, the world is more advanced for the past twenty years, we have facial recognitions and advanced biometrics but even if this school recognizes me, I'm stuck here in the waiting area. If it's one thing this school should have done while the world advances, it should have been automated alumni ID cards that would allow us to enter the school during after-class hours. Seeing that I have no choice but to wait for lunch time when they are finally dismissed and free to enjoy summer, I then decided to watch the news on TV across me. A countdown screen was placed at the bottom of the news ticker: \"Countdown to the War of 1996 20th Anniversary: 78 days left.\" The segment was an interview with the current U.S. President, Elizabeth Landford regarding on the state of the world 20 years late. Paying attention to the interview, Madame President stated that unity is what caused the human race to triumph over the alien invaders. Additional remarks include how technological advanced the human race is right now. I do remember last February 15, just a few days after B.R.I.G.H.T. Academy's Sportsfest in which Green Hawks won overall championships for the third time, that the official portrait of former President Thomas J. Whitmore was unveiled in Washington DC. Everyone knows that guy also known as \"The President that united the world.\" I have also read his famous speech made on the morning of July 4, 1996. \"Today, we celebrate our independence day!\" That quote repeated in my head. I'm guessing the students of B.R.I.G.H.T. right now are saying this in their last-day-of-school goodbye party, \"celebrating\" their \"independence\" from school. The news reports on President Landford's remarks reminded me that I was born exactly two months after the War of 1996 and grew up on technologically advanced and united world. Must have been lucky indeed. I remember that my parents told me about the destruction of Manila during the war. And now 20 years after the war, the new generation of children as well as the veterans of '96 will be able to see and celebrate the 20th anniversary. As the report ended and commercial breaks came through, I contacted one of my trusted friends in B.R.I.G.H.T., Joshvic Warque. I texted him: \"Hey Josh, we are facing problems right now. I can't go in right now because of \"school policies.\" Jesus man, it wasn't like this two years ago...\" A reply came almost instantly: \"Dang man, I'll tell Rico and Kassandra to come here to the waiting area after we are done.\" I then replied: \"Thanks man, I gotta inform Kyle Lao about this.\" Stressfully, I placed this ominous reply for Joshvic: \"May I remind you of the consequence of failing to recreate this picture. It's all what I have left after prom's devastating loss. We loose this moment, then we loose everything.\" \"Hayyyyyy, I know. I'm sorry this happened Gill.\" Speaking of Kyle, he is a friend of ours who transferred to Thailand in 2014. He visited Cebu last July 2015 and right now he is in Cebu and he will visit B.R.I.G.H.T. to play basketball with his old friends. I decided to inform of this \"problem\" regarding visitors. \"Hey Kyle, I got some bad news for you. You see, the school for now does not allow visitors, alumni and old students alike. I'm waiting here until lunch time when it will end.\" I typed on Facebook messenger. Instantly, Kyle told me this: \"Well that's sucks, I'll meet you at the lobby. I'm still changing.\" I looked up my holographic wristwatch. It was already 9:05 am. I am faced with the harsh reality of the school not letting me in and am left with no choice but to wait until lunch when they are dismissed. I then took out my glassphone and decided to read about the War of 1996 World Factbook to kill time. The app first opens with an introductory message stating the reason for the development of this application is for us all to reflect and commemorate what was lost and our progress in 20 years. It then shows an interactive timeline from 1996-2016, noting that the unity of the human race has prevented genocide and conflicts for the past 20 years. The human race right now has enjoyed an era of global peace. Then it opens to the main part of the app which is basically an electronic almanac. Also present in it shows each country of the world and what happened to these nations during the war. I scrolled down the long list of countries until I reached the entry for the Philippines. It first starts with an Introduction, the Flag and the Coat of Arms at that time, map with a dot representing a targeted location and the President at that time: Fidel V. Ramos (1992-2001). The article states that country lost its capital, Manila, during the 1st phase of the War of 1996. Not only was old Manila affected, but the entirety of Metro Manila, as well as surrounding towns and cities to close to the National Capital Region. Because Manila was one of the densest cities of the world, it was accepted that this was the reason the capital was targeted. An estimated 10 million people were killed; the deaths were mostly blamed on the slow evacuation efforts as well as the stubbornness of people who refused to leave their homes for the provinces. President Ramos was evacuated to Baguio City, which is surrounded by mountains. Baguio City became the de facto capital of the Philippines. With most military assets gone, mostly with the destruction of Villamor Air Base in Metro Manila, the Philippines could not afford to counterattack against the aliens. But what good would that have been even if the Air Force was not destroyed or even if the U.S. military remained in the country, as on the night of July 3rd, the Philippines received what little communications from either Taiwan, China, or Japan that the alien crafts had energy deflectors. The remaining military units, namely ships, some fighter jets, and ground units, were dispersed throughout the islands prior to the alien attack to engage rouge communist and Islamist rebels. Hope seems lost at this point, with many citizens in Visayas and Mindanao having lost contact with the capital. Majority of the Filipinos flocked to churches and places of worship, while a good portion evacuated with whatever boats they can to far flung islands, others eventually reaching Sabah and as far as recently-independent Palau. on July 4, hope finally arrived when word reached that the U.S. has found a way to bring down the city destroyers. While the Manila destroyer already left the city, it was already positioned itself above Taipei, Taiwan. Knowing that the Taiwanese were in need of help, the remaining Philippine Air Force fighter jets, mainly government F-5s, were sent to Taipei. When the Filipinos landed in Taiwan, they found themselves working together with not only Taiwan, but with Taiwan's enemy, China, as well as other nations such as Japan, Vietnam, South Korea, and remnant United States Marine Corps F/A-18s based from Okinawa in Ryukyus. The Filipinos, Japanese, and the Vietnamese provided air cover by attacking alien attackers while the Americans, the Taiwanese, and the Chinese destroyed the city destroyer. The Filipinos scored 15 alien attacker kills, while loosing 5 of their own jets and pilots. However, the counterattack was a success. In a timely date, July 4, the Philippines was once again independent from annihilation, exactly 50 years after becoming independent from the United States of America. After the War of 1996, the Philippines received UN aid in the form of food, medicine, and peacekeepers in the refugee centers. Because of Manila's destruction, Baguio remained the temporary capital of the country, while Cebu City become the economic capital. Because reconstruction was the top priority, the 1998 Presidential Elections were cancelled. It was estimated that it would take around 1999 or 2000 for Manila to be reconstructed at basic levels. These estimations proved true and by the turn of the millennium, basic electricity, water, and much of Metro Manila had been rebuilt to at least provide basic accommodations for citizens and government officials. Meanwhile, remnant U.S. forces in the Pacific that were scattered during the war were allowed to dock in the Philippines, as both are allies in Mutual Defense Treaty in 1951. These U.S. forces, along with the UN peacekeepers, would help in the reconstruction of the island. By the year 2000, Filipinos celebrated with the arrival of the new millennium with a hopes for a better decade. 20 Days after New Year, President Ramos would resign for the war had took a toll on his health and handed down to his Vice President Joseph Estrada. Estrada would continue to lead the country in the years the followed. In 2002, it was agreed that the South China Sea issue would be jointly administered by the claimant states of the Philippines, Malaysia, Brunei, Vietnam, Taiwan, and Malaysia. In the 2004 Presidential Elections, Panfilo Lacson was elected the President. In 2005, the Lacson administration finally reached an agreement that the NPA and the MNLF would lay down their arms for in exchange for autonomy and economic reforms. In addition to that, Lacson himself was able to convince the NPA and MNLF that \"we are all Filipinos by blood and we should unite for the better future, just as the world did 9 years before.\" When the Earth Space Defense was established in 2009, several Filipino Air Force pilots trained in Area 51 in Nevada to be part of this global defense network. In 2010, Gilbert \"Gibo\" Teodoro became the President and has sought greater ties with long-time allies and former foes for the greater good of mankind. The country will have their Presidential elections in May 9, 2016, just two months before the 20th anniversary. That's the part I stopped reading, as I did not bother to open the other sections of the electronic factbook. I do remember my parents telling me when I was younger I was lucky to be born two months after the War of 1996. They said that I did not live with the fear they felt, along with my older brother who was 3 years old at that time, as well as several of cousins and countless other individuals. Although Cebu City was not a target, my parents still fear that it would be next. Luckily it never came, and our city right now as one of the largest booming economies in the country. I was born in a reconstructing world, a unified world without hate or political distrust. I grew up with advanced technology which was only thought to be a product of science fiction back then in the retrofuturistic stories of the 1950s. I remember seeing the first iPhone in 2003 when I was Grade 1. When I was around Grade 2 or 3, I remember that owning a smartphone would make you the coolest kid in school. Additionally, handheld gaming became more advanced. The Gameboy, DS and the Sony PSP were developed earlier than expected, around the same time as the iPhone. You would have been the coolest kid in school as well. Meanwhile, I would see less propeller aircrafts over the years, as even helicopters themselves would be bladeless. Skateboards, although still common, are falling behind hoverboards, which were a hit when it first sold in 2007 and is still a hit in the markets. Looking back at this 20 years, my parent were right, I was lucky to be born in this generation after the war. In fact, most of my high school batchmates and friends still in B.R.I.G.H.T. were born after the war. I was still deep in my thoughts when Joshvic and his friend AJ Lopez came to the waiting area to tell me of the good news: I can enter and visit the school but I will be the only outsider allowed for today. Well, that's that I thought as I proceeded to enter the school. Joshvic stayed in the gate to wait for Kyle Lao while AJ accompanied me to the ESL building where their classroom is located. \"Hey AJ, tell your batch I'm not there to steal your food, ok?\" I said. \"Alright, no problem.\" AJ said. Going up the stairs to their classroom, I came face-to-face with the muse of Blue Sharks, Kc Veloso. I was part of that team from Grade School to High School but after graduation, I continued to support the team in whatever I could. \"Hello Kaycee\" I said. \"Oh hey Gill, what brings you here?\" \"Just wanna recreate a picture and that's it. I'm not gonna steal your food supply lol\" I jokingly said. I then meet up with Kassandra and Rico, the two people needed to recreate this picture. \"Hey Gill, Joshvic told me about it so yeah I'm alright with recreating it.\" \"Sure, I'll be waiting, where you two off too?\" \"Well, we're going to 8th Grader's room, their room is Coachella-themed.\" \"Alright, I hope we can recreate this picture.\" The next hour I spent my time giving several apologizing to my would-have-been prom date. Her name is Rizza Lubay but I call her Riz for short. Although, she alreadyt forgave me because it was not my fault I could not attend prom with her, I still felt that I am \"forever in debt\" because she helped me try to get to prom this year. She then asked for a photo op with me on which I agree. I helped her walk down the stairs because she needs an assistance of cane for she slipped somewhere in mall. After she left, I would then share my Siquijor experience to the Prom King and Queen, who for me is the one of the best couples ever. And yes, the trip to Siquijor was the reason why I could not go to prom. We tried to find every way to go home early except there was no other way. Later, the plan went to shit because Rico had to leave earlier than we thought. Oh well, there goes recreating that picture. \"I'm so sorry Gill.\" Rico regretfully said. \"Well, shit...\" I said. Now with him gone, I should just proceed in whatever I could. Seeing Kassandra, I told her this: \"Hey Kassandra, plan's gone to shit. Rico's gone home. So yeah we cannot recreate.\" \"Aww, that sucks. I'm so sorry Gill.\" She apologized. The two of us then walked back to the lobby. There, I saw Joshvic. I told him that the plan has gone to shit. \"Well, thank you both of you. Thank you for making my visits fun. Josh, thank you for your time. Kass, thanks for your time as well. And Kassandra, thanks for being so nice and friendly despite our differences.\" \"No problem Gill.\" Joshvic said while chuckling abit. \"Aww you're welcome.\" Kassandra gently says. \"I'll see you both on the 26th on your 'Moving Up' ceremony.\" It was already approaching lunch time. It's 11:52am. A lot of students are already leaving onward to their newfound freedom called summer. And then all of a sudden, I realized my friend Kassandra was born on July 2nd. \"Hey Kassandra, may I tell you fact for awhile?\" \"Sure thing.\" \"Alright, first of all, you were born on July 2, 1999, do you know what that means?\" I said. \"Um, what does it mean?\" She asked confusely. \"Well, it means you were born exactly three years after the War of 1996. You see, your sister and I were born during that year. Me, I was born two months after it.\" I pointed out. \"I do remember my mom and dad were telling about the that. My older brothers were still kids. I was child back then, didn't really about the war. Lucky I was born after it, my brothers would have been so scared.\" She told me. \"My brother was three at that time. He was scared, my mom told me he kept on crying along with my cousins who were still young at that time. So I have a question to ask you, since your 17th birthday lies on the 20th Anniversary of the war, how are you gonna celebrate it? Will you celebrate here in Cebu or in Dumaguete?\" I asked. \"Well, I really don't know how I will. I'm not sure when I'll go back to Duma.\" She said. I jokingly said: \"Hey if I visit Duma this summer, may I come see you and maybe take a stroll at The Boulevard? Haha.\" \"Sure thing Gill.\" Kassandra said. At this point, her driver arrives to pick her up. \"Hey Gill, I got to go now. My driver is here.\" \"Well before you go, thanks once again for everything.\" I silently told her. \"No problem Gill. See you soon.\" We both parted our ways. Seeing that I had nothing left to do here in B.R.I.G.H.T. I went home and played GTA V in a videogame simulator where you feel like you are part of the game. It is like Virtual Reality taken to the extreme. Well, that concludes for today. I'll write back when on the 26th. On the meantime, I'm also looking forward for the 20 anniversary celebrations. It is the biggest event for this year. I'm glad I was born on time to see this and all our technological advancements. And you know what they used to say: \"Born too late to explore the world, born too early to explore the galaxy.\" I have to disagree on the last part: \"Born just in time to explore to galaxy, born just in time to enjoy advanced technology, born just in time to experience 20 Years of Global Unity.\" Update: Sadly on April 26th, we were not able to recreate the photo during the Moving Up Ceremony because one of us was not present to be complete. However, I received word that majority would stay, so I would now apply the Rule of Cautious Optimism. ","Summary":" April 15, 2016 B.R.I.G.H.T. Academy Cebu City, Republic of the Philippines Summer time. The time we"},{"Movie":"Independence Day","Title":"Independence Day: Rude Awaken","Author":"LilNate03","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12336055","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Last week, I finally bought 'Independence Day: Resurgence and I just love it as much I love the first one. It was really good and I like how the new generation takeover on this movie but, still have the original 'Independence Day' casts on there. So, this story takes place One year later on the fourth of July in 2017. All the characters remain the same along with new characters. I really hope you guys like my new story. Disclaimer: I do not own The Independence Day cast but, Cassie, Shawn, Sydney and Leo are owned by me. A year after when the ESD have destroyed 'The Alien Queen' thanks their captain, Dylan Hiller and Jake Morrison along with their friends, Charlie Miller and Rain Lao. Now that the world is in a better place for now, everyone went with their lives without worried about any Alien creatures. It's the fourth of July and the perfect celebration to celebrate 'Independence Day' by having a wedding. Yes, it's the wedding of Jake Morrison and Patricia Whitmore. Jake and Patricia decided to have their wedding at a big chapel church in Washington, DC. Patricia Whitmore was in her dressing room as she getting ready for her wedding. Patricia was getting so nervous and feeling stressed out about her big day. Her dear friend, Rain Lao was helping Patricia get ready for her big day since she is her maid in honor. \" This is it, you're big day that you been waiting for.\" say Rain Lao as she was helping Patricia with her make-up. \" I know, I'm so nervous right now.\" Patricia said. \" Why? Isn't this what you always wanted that you and Jake get married?\" Rain Lao questioned her dear friend. \" Of course it is but...\" \" But?\" Rain Lao questioned. \" I'm just nervous about what else might happen, what if something happen to our world again?\" Patricia questioned her. \" We barely survive the last time.\" Rain Lao nods her head as she understand what Patricia was coming from, \" I know. Last year was very scary and heartbroken. We have all lost somebody we loved. I lost my Uncle, you lost your dad that day and Dylan and his siblings lost their mother. But, we have to learn that we can't just be scared for the rest of our life. We have to keep moving forward. Don't worried it will be okay, I promise you that.\" Patricia cries into tears as she gave Rain a big hugged as the both of them started laughing with joy. \" Thank You! For everything.\" Patricia thank her. \" Anytime.\" Rain Lao smiled. Cassie Hiller is the daughter of Jasmine Dubrow-Hiller and Col. Steven Hiller who are both now deceased and also the little sister of Captain of the ESD, Dylan Hiller and Shawn Hiller. Cassie is also the girlfriend of Bobby Blackwell who is the younger brother of Samantha \"Sam\" Blackwell. Bobby and his siblings are now staying with Julius Levinson. Cassie has long curly black hair with brown eyes while her skin tone is light-brown skinned. Cassie is very beautiful, she has the body figure in shape and has a curvy waist line. Cassie is only seventeen years old but, very spoil and girlie-girl type. Dylan has his hands full when he has to deal with her little sister along with his little brother, Shawn. During that huge war last year with the aliens, Cassie and her brother, Shawn were in Chicago to visited their grandparents for the weekend while their mother, Jasmine was busy at the hospital and Dylan was heading into the moon. It was tragedy when Cassie and Shawn both found out that their mother didn't make it, who took it the hardest was Shawn. Shawn blame both Dylan and Jake for his mother's death even though it wasn't their fault. Cassie tries to be calm about it but, she couldn't because every day and night she couldn't see her mother's face again and it torn her apart. Luckily, her boyfriend, Bobby was there for her when she needed him. Cassie was sitting outside of the dressing as she was waiting on Patricia and Rain Lao since she participate to be a bridesmaid. Cassie grab her cellphone as she went on 'SnapChat' to contact her boyfriend, Bobby. \" Hey bae, I was wondering when you was going to call me.\" Bobby laughed. \" Oh shut up! Where are you?\" Cassie questioned him. \" The wedding is about to start any minute now.\" \" Don't worried babe, I'll be there. I just have to get finished up ready.\" Bobby tells her. \" How are you? Are you okay? How's the baby.\" Cassie gasped for a minute as smiled at him, \" I'm fine and our babies is fine.\" Cassie hide her pregnancy from her family and friends because she didn't anybody to know about it, but, she can't hide it forever because she is five-weeks pregnant with twins which it's a matter of time she has to tell her big brother, Dylan the truth about her being pregnant. \" Wait? There's two now?\" Bobby questioned her as he was freaking out. Cassie nods her head, \" Yes, that's why I want to talk to you in private about this.\" \" Okay, I'll be over there as soon as possible.\" Bobby tells her. \" Okay, drive safe.\" Cassie tells him. \" I love you.\" \" Love you too.\" -Harvester Mothership Just when everyone thinks the whole alien is over; the rest of the 'Alien Queen' alien soldiers regrouped and found a new queen take the throne and it turns out to be the 'Alien Queen's sister' This alien queen is more ambitus, strong and powerful than the other queen. The Alien Queen sees video clip of captain, Dylan Hill and Jake Morrison as she roared in terror which she see these two as a threat to her and knows that they are the one who have her sister killed. This Queen wants revenge and she will defiantly start a war. ","Summary":" Last week, I finally bought 'Independence Day: Resurgence and I just love it as much I love the fir"},{"Movie":"Independence Day","Title":"What do we call the sphere?","Author":"TFALokiwriter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12021432","Passage":"[Chapter 1] There was a new Area 51 built. Rebuilt, specifically, from the attack of the Harvester Queen. It had been completed within five months due to the orbs interference and numerous short cuts. President Adams had made it clear that she won't help them rebuild but with technology they could work with that. President Adams had voiced concerns that it would seem they were heavily dependent on her. The sphere had agreed with the assessment. They were taking baby steps or so Adams claimed. There were new scientists working alongside Okun but they could never refill the void alongside him. It was like he was missing a part of his heart. A half of Okun died five months ago. It was December 25th, 2016. Julius Levinson was in the middle of the adopting process of four children and that one small dog. Jake and Patricia were in the efforts of rebuilding, doing their best, and dating the process. London was in the middle of rebuilding as was Hong Kong and Japan. The moon base was still being rebuilt. There was a new wall of honor set up for those who had risked their lives this time around to save the planet. Including the fighter pilots and the former president whose name was bolder and bigger than the others. Dylan was heavily involved in the solar patrols. Charlie and Lao were dating but still getting to know each other for what it was worth. It seemed everyone was dating including Catherine and David. Okun was not among the ones who returned to the land of dating. Okun sulked, in his new apartment, and at his line of work. Doctor Okun was a workaholic. Okun loved what he did. When he was not working, he would be tending to the flowers his late spouse had left behind. They had married on the fourth of July, right down to the day that one of them was lost and one of them lived. And it happened again. This time. . . Okun had to be the one to wait. Okun had seen the Jurassic Park franchise, without his life partner, knowing that Isaac loved it felt like a punch to the stomach. Oh, and those Transformers movies. They had some balls doing what they did within that universe. A universe without the war of '96. That Okun knew due to the technology in the movie. And he had seen the new Star Trek series including the movies. They were all ready in the league of establishing a united federation of planets. Lacking possibly entirely other planets in their solar system. Okun discovered a majority of the actors from Star Trek , at least the newer ones, were still alive. Apparently it cannot be said the same for the original series cast (Or what was left of them). They were wiped out in the attack launched by the harvesters. The sphere had been visiting Area 51 often with a whizz and some stares but no one stared at her as she flew by them in her mobile state. She had a new space craft in progress to allow her movement through the cosmos. Area 51 gladly allowed her to stay until the ship was completed. Until then the sphere was able to contact the rebel planet and inform them of their new leader. Earth was the head of the resistance. Okun was heavily involved in perfecting an machine called the Transporter invented in the 1960's. Okun had lost his husband of one day and partner of fifteen years. \"Doctor Okun.\" Came a soft human like voice. Okun didn't need to turn. \"Why hello there, sphere lady, what brings you here?\" Okun said. She scanned the machine laid in front of her that looked like a doorway with several bulbs to the side, power cords hooked into the side, and two beams that kept it up. It was plugged into a large device that perpelled electronic power inside of it. There was a large console that seemed to be ripped out of the 1990's science fiction movies with the wires, the screen. and the buttons. The blue light vanished. Okun had often wondered why her race had not invented a frontal facial face to it. Much like one of those emotes. As creepy as it was, it would have shown her change of mood. Then again, it was the worst idea. It was indeed logical not to have a face on the sphere. \"I am intrigued as to why you have not invented . . . beaming.\" The sphere said. \"Beaming? Beaming!\" Okun said. \"Well,\" Okun rubbed the back of his neck with a amused laugh. \"That has a lot of glitches.\" The sphere floated her way over toward the machine. \"I do not understand these glitches.\" Sphere said. \"Watch this apple.\" Okun said, then he placed onto the small pad a apple. He came over to the large console. \"And in. . 3. . 2. . . 1!\" In a white flash the apple appeared to be distorted. It had several holes and didn't seem like an apple in the first place. Suddenly there was a roar of laughter coming from the sphere. Okun turned his head in the direction of the sphere. She had never laughed in the time he had gone to know her. In fact, she had never laughed. He had started to wonder if she had to eliminate emotions to integrate herself into the machine a millennia ago. The sphere eventually stopped laughing. \"That can be fixed.\" The sphere said. Okun looked over in the direction of the sphere with a raised eyebrow. \"Oh really?\" Okun said. \"Yes, really, Doctor Okun.\" The sphere said. \"Call me Brackish.\" Okun said. \"Call me. . .\" There was a deliberate pause. \"I have no name that you can pronounce.\" \"Okay, tell me how to correct the error and I will give you a name, if possible.\" Okun said. \"A effective quid pro quo,\" The sphere commented. \"Show me the design and the coding that goes into the failed transporter, Brackish.\" Okun retrieved a wide pad from the table. One that had fortunately survived the attack five months ago. Business were just coming back from the brink of extinction including the factories. The wildlife were having a party coming back into the average every day life. Some animals were misplaced due to the attack such as lions, cheetahs, buffalo, and wolves to name many. One could spot a herd of lions in Montana. They were promptly returned to their environment after their discovery. Illinois farming hadn't been attack nor had Iowa so that meant the continuing products such as corns and its relative products were safely assured. Magma flow had covered the hole made by the harvesters due to the laser affects against the sea floor. BLICK BLICK BLICK. \"These new technology these days hate me.\" Okun said. \"You are tapping your fingernail on the screen.\" The sphere said. \"Right, I knew that.\" Okun said. \"I highly recommend you take care of it.\" The sphere said. \"I will do it later.\" Okun said. \"It appears you strike the screen rather tap on it whenever I am in your presence.\" The sphere commented. Okun looked down toward his fingernails to see they were long. They hadn't been long when he had awakened. It became apparent someone had clipped them in his twenty year slumber. Someone being Isaacs. Okun sadly sighed then he carefully, and lightly, using the tip of his finger tapped on the screen. The screen changed to the design layout of the transporter. \"No, I don't.\" Okun said. \"Yes, you do. You feel anger that I was responsible for the death of your partner.\" The sphere said. Okun briefly closed his eyes. \"You are not responsible. It was my idea. It is my fault.\" Okun said. \"Apparently, you do not blame yourself. You blame me. Logically, you must forgive me.\" The sphere said. \"I don't harbor any bad feelings toward you.\" Okun said. The sphere hovered staring in Okun's direction. \"You are a strange species. You act as though you harbor a grudge and you deny it.\" The sphere said. \"Says the one who claims our language is primitive!\" Okun said. \"Telepathy is more sophisticated than your speaking.\" The sphere said. \"Ah sucks, we are getting there. Give us another three hundred years.\" Okun displayed the screen to the sphere. \"Hmm. . .\" She sounded deep in thought. \"It appears this is a outdated machine. Fifty years inferior of your current technology.\" Okun did not seem to be pleased. \"You must rebuild it in the vision that you see it.\" \"The first operational Transporter. . .\" Okun gasped. \"Oh my.\" \"What is it, Brackish?\" The sphere asked. \"We would have achieved one of the stipulations to Star Trek.\" Okun said. \"I do not understand.\" The sphere said. \"Look up Star Trek The Original Series.\" Okun said. \"I shall endeavor to do so after you have given me a name.\" The sphere said. \"Oh,\" Okun said. \"Right. Hold onto that thought.\" Julius was in the middle of adopting Sam, Bobby, Felix, and Daisy. Sam was fifteen years old. Not yet sixteen. She was turning sixteen next year. Despite the adoption agency being stretched thin, David had asked the president a favor. A kind of favor that has volunteers running around doing work to put orphans into the hands of people who survived the attack and had either lost their own or had realized they wanted children. Surprisingly there was a lot of people who fit into both categories. Julius lived mostly on his boat, and, there was not enough room for a entire family to live on it. The children were living in shelters while Julius was still on the prowl for a new boat. Big enough for a family. At least the boats that were still around. People were now swarming to boats,RV's, and small houses as a place to live in. Julius had got his boat back on the ocean surface thanks to a crane. Beside David sat Catherine. They were going to be questioned about themselves and how adequate Julius was as a caregiver. The sound of a Tyrannosaurus Rex coming from David's pant pocket drew Catherine's attention. \"You said that you turned your phone off, David.\" Catherine said. David sheepishly looked over toward Catherine with a shrug. \"No one calls me as much these days,\" David said, taking his phone out. \"I thought everything else had been taken care of. Who would . . .\" He paused then had a sigh. \"I do not remember giving Okun my phone number!\" He looked over in the direction of Catherine with a bewildered expression on his face. \"When did I give him my phone number?\" \"After you bailed him out of ruining our date.\" Catherine said. \"Oh, the fish restaurant.\" David said. \"Be light on him,\" Catherine said. \"He lost his partner.\" David understood how Okun must be feeling. After Constance died, life was rather depressing and sad and the only thing that was there for him was his father and the Earth Space Defense Initiative. It was a rough period for David. They never had children. They preferred not to have any. Julius had wanted to be a grandfather so badly but he understood their decision. Then a few years later came Catherine into David's life at one of those conventions regarding the aliens. They were being called 'The Tentaclers' and the victims were called 'the mind rapee's. Treatment for their illness was still being sought after. There had been countless rumors of it for two decades. It was a myth, a legend, one that should have existed. But with the sphere's arrival there was immediate treatment to soften the effects of the mind rape. David slid his finger on the screen then put the phone to his ear. \"Brackish,\" David said. \"I am rather busy right now.\" \"On Christmas day?\" Okun asked. \"Yes,\" David said. \"Christmas.\" \"Well,Director, we have a wee problem.\" Okun said. \"You are lonely?\" David asked. \"No!\" Okun said. \"Then what is it.\" David said. \"The Sphere does not have a human name.\" Okun said. \"She can translate her name.\" David said. \"English is a very. . .Crazy language.\" \"That's the problem,\" Okun said. \"Her name is unpronounceable. \" \"David Levinson and Catherine Marceaux.\" Came the interviewer standing at the door. \"Okay.\" David said. \"Okay? OKAY? That's not acceptable!\" Okun said. \"Brackish,\" David said, getting up giving the interviewer a 'give me a minute' gesture. Catherine stood up from the chair then she went in the direction of the interview room. \"I know that you have better names than we do. Been in a twenty year coma and all but. . .\" He rubbed his chin. \"I am not the kind of man you should go ask to name a extraterrestrial alien being.\" \"Me?\" Okun said. \"Naming a living being after myself ?\" Okun sounded insulted. \"No, I am sorry. I can't do that. Work ethics.\" \"Carter.\" David said. \"What?\" Okun said. \"Carter,call her Carter, like it? Take it. She is named after Captain Carter. As a scientist she helped humanity achieve warp drive.\" He had been pacing in a complete circle. \"Got it?\" He came to a stop alongside the wall. \"All right, good.\" David nodded his head. \"Good luck with your-wait, what?\" His eyebrows hunched forward. \"You are making a transporter?\" David seemed to be stunned, himself. \"Did the president authorize this?\" Suddenly the line went out. \"I take that as a no.\" David put his phone on air-plane mode, put it away, then headed in the direction of the interview room. It became apparent to Okun that the Transporter had to be taken apart. There were some other scientists who were not spending Christmas at home due to their family being dead, their loved ones being dead, or that their life was not as bright at home. There were many scientists here that believed spending it here was better than nothing. They felt like a dysfunctional family. One that Isaacs likely briefly met when making his way to Okun's room. Piece by piece they took the transporter apart learning how to rebuild it by how it was built, its schematics, and design flaws that could be fixed with the newer technology. How come they didn't think of this earlier? The sphere-no, Carter-had left during the conversation that was being shared by Okun and David. Well, that was just typical . Carter abruptly leaving. She had a bad habit of doing so. So much that those who were in the hall in her line of sight had to jump into other rooms so they wouldn't be wrecking balled down line a balling pin struck by a bowling ball. There was even a announcement coined by those who were in the proximity of her in the hall being \"Sphere in the hall!\" which would be shortly there after empty. One time,Rain Lao, a visitor then with her boyfriend, youtubed the scenario. That earned nine-three thousand forty-three hundred twenty-nine hits with six hundred thousand five hundred twenty-two likes and four hundred dislikes. \"Hello, Carter.\" Okun said, as he was in the process of casting the steel over a long curly 'c' edge to the transporter pad using the Okun Steelizer. It was in the shape of a large pen. \"I have taken the time to thoroughly research your name. You are named after a great, fond woman named Samantha Carter who risked her life to save civilizations and humanity. Just like you.\" \"That is intriguing,\" Carter said. \"I like the name.\" \"And she invented Warp Drive.\" Okun said. \"Warp drive?\" Carter said. \"With Naquadah. Very dense. You do not want to mess with naquadah. Whole world can detonate if you explode a naquada bomb. Thank god we do not have naquadah deposits.\" Okun said. \"Carter,shouldn't you be with the programmers?\" The sounds of the machinery were loud. \"They are the ones focusing on the whole body being moved from one place to the other.\" \"I have all ready done so. The machine will be connected electronically to the devices you refer to as ipads.\" Carter said. \"My hearing is superior to those of regular humans when being in a loud environment. It is a benefit of my . . . advancement.\" \"Uh huh.\" Okun said. \"And I would like to offer you a once in a lifetime chance.\" Carter said. \"We are all ready constructing Starships with the best construction workers.\" Okun said. \"It can only be used once and it will never operate.\" Carter said. \"They say your life mate was all you had.\" Okun stopped sliding his helmet to the top of his head. \"He was.\" Okun said. \"And you are offering me to bring back the man I love?\" \"He died a senseless death, I recall.\" Carter said. His anger had hit the breaking point. \"I SAVED YOUR ASS!\" Okun roared. \"THERE WAS NOTHING SENSELESS ABOUT IT! HIS DEATH MEANS SOMETHING. IT MEANS SOMETHING TO ME AND IT WASN'T A USELESS DEATH, EITHER. YOU ARE STILL HERE, CARTER!HE IS NOT THE FIRST MAN I LOST AND HE WILL NOT BE LAST, EITHER!\" \"You have him in a stasis pod.\" Carter said. \"I knew him for fifteen years!\" Okun said. \"It's hard letting go. He wants his body cremated! I respect his wish. And I am waiting for the nearby cremation factory to be rebuilt. I suppose it has been too long since you lost someone you loved.\" \"It has. Three thousand four hundred eighty-three years,\" Carter said. \"Thank you for bringing it to my attention.\" \"Carter,\" Okun said. \"Leave me alone.\" \"I will be waiting.\" Carter said, floating her way out of the lab. The other scientists were having lunch. Okun could feel himself trembling. He could feel something dripping on his cheek. His eyes was watering up. He took out a piece of kleanex then blew into it. In fact,Okun remembered just how he met Isaacs. Coming straight into Area 51, shaking hands, being so young then. His hair wasn't as long then but it grew out. Okun looked so handsome but his partner looked adorable cute. Old age did come with its perks. Okun just should be sharing it with Isaacs. The End. ","Summary":" There was a new Area 51 built. Rebuilt, specifically, from the attack of the Harvester Queen. It ha"},{"Movie":"Independence Day","Title":"Did we win?","Author":"TFALokiwriter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12020511","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Did we win?\" Okun asked. Isaacs had a pause contemplating that answer. It was a long story. So straight to the answer would be acceptable for Okun. Isaacs could tell Okun the complete story the doctors give him the clear to be up and about. Then again, Okun would be working even when he was sick. There was that one time he came in with the flu and got Isaacs and a few other scientists infected in Area 51 so they were forced to wear masks until the flu season ended. \"Yes, we did,honey.\" Isaacs said, taking the hand of Okun. \"Anything major I need to know?\" Okun asked. \"We can come out of the closet.\" Isaacs said. \"And we have a woman for president.\" Okun gasped, mostly in shock, at Isaac's announcement. \"We can?\" Okun said. Isaacs nodded. \"Gays have been accepted into society and gay marriage was allowed three years ago.\" Isaacs said. A wide smile grew on the scientists face. \"Baby,\" Okun said, as he squeezed Isaac's hand. \"Do you know a general around here who can get us married?\" \"Well, there is a ill judge down the hall.\" Isaacs said. \"Good!\" Okun said, bolting upright. \"Let's make it a quickie!\" God, had Isaacs missed his life partner. There is nothing that Isaacs would change about seventy three hundred days of waiting for his long-term partner to wake up. Fifteen years he had spent working side by side in Area-51 with him. Twenty years he spent waiting by his side. Then again, he was the one who patiently waited for Okun to make the first move. Five years into their fifteen year employment. About time they got married. The End. ","Summary":" \"Did we win?\" Okun asked. Isaacs had a pause contemplating that answer. It was a long story. So s"},{"Movie":"Independence Day","Title":"A New Friendship and So Much More (Brackisphere)","Author":"Antamaurora Silvalanda","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12201697","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 20 years. That's how long Dr. Brackish Okun had been placed in a coma. Ever since the War of 96, his lifelong friend and partner, Dr. Milton Isaacs, visited him almost everyday, adorning his hospital room with all assortments of flowers, especially orchids, Brackish's favorite flower. On July 3, 2016, Dr. Issacs entered the room, greeting his lover as if he were wake. Only he wasn't. Dr. Isaacs spoke to his partner, as he set a crystal vase filled with a spotted orchid near the window along the display of exotic plants and sprayed the delicate lavender petals with water. Milton then walked over to Brackish's bedside and wrapped a knitted scarf around his neck, securing it with a small bronze button. All of a sudden, Brackish woke up screaming. Milton was taken back in surprise and screamed in return. He held his partner's arm and helped him to calm down. \"It's all right, baby\", said Milton. \"Eric, get the medical team in here! He's awake!\" \"Did we win?\" Was all Brackish could say. He then realized his vision was nothing but a blur of distorted images and asked nervously where his glasses were. Dr. Isaacs reached for Dr. Okun's glasses on the nightstand and handed them to Brackish, who's vision improved once he put them one. \"How long was I out?\" Asked Brackish. \"A long time, baby\", said Milton. \"A long time.\" Brackish looked up and down at his partner, and said to him, \"I'll say. Babe, you got a bit fat. And really bald.\" Nervously, Brackish placed a trembling hand upon his head, fearing what had become of his own hair. He felt nothing but the soft touch of silvery locks, long and wavy as they still were 20 years ago. Brackish laughed in such sweet relief, as Dr. Isaacs helped him to lie back down. \"But you still look great\", said Brackish to Milton. Brackish briefly rekindled with old friends, David Levinson and Thomas Whitmore, and was quite surprised to learn that there was now a woman serving as president. When he learned from David about a spaceship that had been shot down and that he had retrieved a strange metal box from the moon, Dr. Okun wasted no time in getting started on finding out what the strange object contained inside was. Milton urged him to put on a pair of pants before jumping back into work, to which Brackish replied with, \"Why didn't you tell me my butt was hanging out?\", as he grabbed the opened back of his hospital gown, trying to cover up his exposed buttocks. After being given a pair of pants by Dr. Isaacs, Brackish rushed over to a chamber, which revealed a huge laser device he had named the Okun Laser. He had a couple of young men help him carry it over to the alien-like structure, as Milton replied with concern, \"What is that thing doing here?\" \"Be a good boy and go stand over there\", Brackish replied, as he ushered his fellow scientist out of the way. The bright-eyed scientist strapped on a pair of googles and activated the Okun Laser, shooting a laser beam at the glass covering on the front of the extraterrestrial structure. After about ten minutes or so, a young accountant by the name of Floyd Rosenberg warned the scientist that the Okun Laser was smoking. Brackish shut the darn thing off and said, \"Tell the boys to rip this thing apart!\" The box was split in half by a crane, as a giant spherical object crashed through the glass and rolled out, stopping just a few inches away from Brackish, who stared up in awe at the beautiful Sphere. It was pearly-white with a black horizontal line around its middle. Little did Brackish know was that the giant Sphere was looking at him, scanning him using scientific graphics to detect his every move. \"Hello, gorgeous\", said Brackish. The Sphere zoomed in on Brackish's face with its scanners, taking in every detailed feature of his face. He looked nothing like any of the other alien beings from its travels across the universe, for the Sphere had never seen a human before, and though it would had loved to interact with this one specimen of the primitive race, the Sphere knew it had to complete its mission first. Brackish ordered to bring everybody to the lab, as he sat himself down at a computer to see if he could detect anything on this spherical objects existence. Nothing came up. By the time David and the others had arrived, Brackish was baffled. Meanwhile, Floyd walked up to the Sphere and placed his hands on the smooth surface of the giant white ball. \"Hey, get your hands off of that!\" Brackish barked at him. David told him to remove his hands, but when Floyd tried removing them, he couldn't. To make matters worse, his hands started sinking into the Sphere's wall, as if it were made out of a glue-like paste. \"All right, just don't panic\", said David. \"I'm being eaten alive and your reaction is not to panic?!\" Floyd shouted. Suddenly, two bright orange graphics appeared on the Sphere where Floyd's hands were trapped and the young accountant felt his hands become free. Everyone gasped as they watched the Sphere float a few feet above the ground and release a wave of bright blue light around itself, looking like a plasma globe. The black line around it also glowed a bright white. \"He turned it on just by touching it\", said Brackish with disbelief. \" I activated myself when I detected your biological signature to be different from theirs \", the Sphere spoke in a female robotic voice. \"It speaks!\" Brackish laughed with enthusiasm. \"In English, too.\" \" I deconstructed your primitive language \", said the Sphere. Brackish felt shock by this and asked it, \"We're primitive?\" \" Correct \", the Sphere answered, as it explained how its species shed their existence thousands of years ago. It also explained that when it became aware of the distress call from the aliens, the Sphere took it as a mission upon itself to evacuate as many humans as it could, but then the humans took down the Sphere's spaceship with the same weapons the aliens used on the Sphere's home planet. The Sphere also explained how the aliens had been extracting molten cores from other planets and that its kind had fought them for thousands of years, but then the aliens destroyed all of their ships, leaving the Sphere the sole survivor. \"Oh, I'm so sorry to hear that\", said Brackish with sympathy. The silver-haired scientist asked the Sphere if it had a plan, to which it told of a hidden planet where the Sphere taught beings from other worlds how to build weapons with new-found technology that would eradicate the aliens for good. \" But now that I am activated, the Queen will detect my signature and hunt me down \", said the Sphere. \" You must terminate me or she will get the coordinates to the refugee planet. \" Brackish didn't know what to do. He did not want the Sphere to be destroyed. This thing held so much helpful information to the human race, he could not just let the Sphere be wiped from existence. Luckily, David asked if the Queen could be killed, to which the Sphere replied with, \" No one has ever killed a Harvester Queen before. \" \"That's encouraging\", Brackish said under his breath. All of a sudden, David had an idea: if they could replicate the Sphere's signature, they could lure the Queen into a trap and kill her. Therefore, the Sphere wouldn't have to be destroyed. With that said and done, the newly-elected President, General Adams, gave the approval for David and the rest of the team to prepare themselves and make ready for the final showdown. While the humans combated outside of Area 51 to take down the Queen, the Sphere was safely secured inside the isolation chamber, along with Dr. Okun and Dr. Isaacs. Curious to see what else this thing knew, Brackish gently placed his hands on the Sphere, who floated a few inches above the ground. He asked it questions about physics and wormholes, to which the Sphere answered him by displaying holographic images of stunning visuals. Dr. Okun's eyes gazed upon the advance science the Sphere's \"hard-drive\" had to offer, making him crazy with excitement. Milton ushered for the overly-excited Brackish to calm down, but the bright-eyed scientist only wanted to learn more. Unfortunately, this remarkable discovery was cut short, as the isolation chamber shook violently, forcing the Sphere to deactivate itself. Two guards protecting the chamber moved outside, before the doors to the room concealed itself. Little did Brackish and Milton know was that there had been a breach in cell block five, in which two dozen alien had escaped their prison cells. It wasn't long before the doors to the isolation chamber were reopened, in which two aliens entered the room. They both saw the Sphere standing still and motionless behind their next two targets: Dr. Okun and Dr. Isaacs. All hope seemed lost, as Brackish clutched a shaking hand onto Dr. Isaacs, his lips trembling in fright and his eyes filled with terror. But just as the aliens started firing at the two lovers behind the glass doors, Floyd Rosenberg and the mighty warlord Dikembe Umbutu burst into the room and began firing at the two extraterrestrials. Brackish felt no trace of pain in his body and looked up at the two men who had just saved him and Milton. He stood up and chuckled with glee. \"Baby, we're safe!\" Brackish cried triumphantly. Sadly, it was too good to be true. As he looked over at his lover lying on the floor, Brackish saw that Milton was bleeding from his chest. \"They...got me\", said Dr. Isaacs, weakly. \"Oh, no\", said Brackish with concern, as he walked over to Milton and dropped to his knees, placing one hand under his head and the other on his lover's injury. \"Don't worry\", Brackish whispered. \"I'm gonna get you to the sickbay.\" \"Don't worry\", Milton choked. \"I'm not gonna make it.\" \"Wait a minute. Wait, wait\", Brackish begged him, trying to hold back tears. \"You can't go. Who's gonna water the orchids?\" \"Who's gonna make sure you put your pants on in the morning?\" Milton joked, as he and Brackish shared one last laugh together, before the poor man succumbed to his injury. \"Oh, no, no\", Brackish cried, tears welding up inside his bright blue eyes. \"Oh, no. No. God, no.\" Brackish buried his face into Milton's neck, hot tears running down his face and trickling down his nose, as he wept over the death of his one and only lover. The Sphere, though it seemed deactivated, still detected this new range of emotion the long-haired scientist was displaying. Hearing the soft gasping noises that came from Brackish's throat made the Sphere wished it was human in order to understand the pain that Brackish was going through, as he held onto the mortal husk of what was once Dr. Milton Isaacs, his best friend and lover. Brackish had not too long to grieve, as the isolation chamber shook again. The heart-broken scientist looked up and realized the Queen was here, trying to break through the roof. \"More are coming\", he heard Dikembe say, as more aliens with gun were about to enter the room. Enraged over the death of his lover, Brackish grabbed the alien gun from Floyd and began firing at the oncoming squad of aliens, yelling as a new-found rage filled his veins with fury. It only took two minutes for Brackish to take them all down, but the agitated scientist didn't stop and kept firing at the alien corpses. It took a pat on the shoulder from Floyd to make him stop and bring him back to reality. \"It's over\", said Floyd. \"You got 'em all.\" Suddenly, and without warning, the Queen broke through the roof of the isolation chamber and grasped a slimy hand around the Sphere, taking it up and out of the chamber, while the three men stared up in horror. \"Except that one\", said Floyd. Fearing of loosing the Sphere next, Dr. Okun rushed out of the room as fast as he could, unaware that the Queen was being taken down by a couple of alien fighters that were hijacked by Captain Dylan Hiller and his friends. When he stepped outside for the first time in 20 years, Dr. Okun saw the Queen's body lying not too far from the base, her biosuit was split open, revealing to him her incredulous ugly face with dead eyes. The Sphere laid next to her hand. Brackish ran over to the Sphere, who sensed the Queen's death and reactivated itself, floating a few inches above the ground. As Floyd and Dikembe walked over to the dead Queen, Brackish stood in front of the Sphere, who sensed his presence and locked its faceless gaze onto him, the black line around it glowing bright as if it were smiling. \"Are you okay?\" Brackish asked with concern. \" I am. Thanks to you \", said the Sphere, gratefully. Brackish bowed his head and sighed with relief. \" You humans are a remarkable species \", said the Sphere. \"Not so primitive after all, huh?\" Said Brackish. Afterwards, Brackish went back to the isolation chamber, or at least what was left of it, and dropped to his knees, as he held the dead body of his beloved Milton in his arms. The eccentric, silver-haired scientist had been awake for no more than two days and had already began to make plans for him and Dr. Isaacs to start a future together, but now it was never to be. Brackish had lost his one true lover forever. Nevermore to spend the rest of his life with him. Nevermore to hold his hand. Nevermore to hear his voice ever again. Brackish let silent tears run down his face, as he lowered himself to place a kiss on Milton's forehead. The Sphere floated silently over to the heart-broken Brackish, who knew it was there, but paid no attention to it. \" I am sorry for the death of your friend \", said the Sphere. \" If there were some kind of technology that could bring him back, I could help you. \" Brackish slowly looked up from his dead lover and said to the Sphere, \"You mean there isn't any?\" \" Correct \", said the Sphere. \" Once a living specimen has died, the body can no longer be resurrected. \" Brackish's glasses seemed to fog up, as he let more tears run down his face and lowered his head. He carefully set Milton's body back down on the floor and stood up on uneasy legs. The Sphere floated over to him, as Brackish leaned his head against its faceless front and cried softly, his body shaking like a leaf. \"I've got nobody in this world anymore\", Brackish whispered to himself. The Sphere sensed his feelings of grief and loss, and displayed for Brackish a sea of holographic, bright blue stars around the room, hoping the regal splendor would bring him some comfort. \" Incorrect \", said the Sphere. Brackish looked up at the Sphere with watery eyes, staring up at the giant orb with a kind of sense and beauty like he had never seen before. Was he feeling something for the Sphere that he never felt with Dr. Isaacs? No! It can never be! Brackish thought to himself. \"W-what?\" Brackish asked it. \" You were the first human I ever saw \", said the Sphere. \" Therefore, I have imprinted myself onto you. I am fully aware that I am not human, but I have detected that your species has feelings and emotions, something that is new to me. I have agreed to help give your people new weapons and technology to fight their enemies, but if you will allow me to bring peace to your organ called a heart, I can help you fight your enemy known as grief. \" Brackish could hardly believe what he had just heard. Was this the Sphere's way of saying it loved him? Yes, he was curious to learn more from and about the Sphere, but could it give him the same special love Milton gave him? Brackish knew he could never replace him, but the bright-eyed scientist figured that at this point, he had nothing left to loose. \" You are not alone, Brackish Okun \", said the Sphere. \" For I shall be your friend and more. \" Brackish managed a little smile and released a half-sob/half-laugh sound from his lips, as he slowly placed an arm around the smooth, round surface of the spherical artificial intelligence who would never leave his side. The Sphere felt the heat of his body, as Brackish held onto his new best friend, partner, and companion. If the Sphere had arms, it would hug him back in return. ","Summary":" 20 years. That's how long Dr. Brackish Okun had been placed in a coma. Ever since the War of 96, hi"},{"Movie":"Independence Day","Title":"Independence Day III v2","Author":"DrDoc","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11077996","Passage":"[Chapter 1] INDEPENDENCE DAY III v2 Story by: BY LARRY R. KIPP, ELIZABETH R. KIPP & MASTIN KIPP Copyright 2011 by Larry R. Kipp, Elizabeth R. Kipp & Mastin Kipp LOGLINE: Humanity is still recovering from the last alien invasion and learns the main force of over half a billion aliens is speeding towards Earth. CHAPTER 1 DR. Henning is briefing the President, NSA and the Joint Chiefs of Staff about her findings of data taken from the Destroyer Ship they invaded three weeks ago. \"We now know the aliens are coming from Alpha Centari B, an orange dwarf with a mass about 90% that of our sun,\" she states categorically. \"Alpha Centari B is a little under 4.4 light years away,\" she continues. \"We also know the aliens don't travel at light speed but, they do have several types of ships.\" Henning says \"I need to digress here for a moment. We know of the fighters, the Destroyer Ships and the so-called 'mother ship'. But from the log,\" she adds, \"we now know that the so-called 'mother ship' was the equivalent of one of our aircraft carriers. The real Mother Ship is approximately 7,640 miles in diameter and carries a population of close to 800 million aliens.\" The crowd murmurs. Again Henning raises her hand to quiet the group and continues. \"We also know that their Mother Ship is their slowest ship, and the journey from Alpha Centari B to Earth takes about 400 of our years.\" \"Well, that a relief\" says one of the generals in the room followed by chuckling from the audience. Henning raises her hand to quiet him and continues. \"Unfortunately\" she says, looking at the general, \"they left about 395 years ago and for the past 75 years they have been slowing down. Based on the alien log data they have already entered our sun's Oort Cloud. If my calculations are correct, and I had them triple checked by others, I expect them to reach Earth orbit in five years, nine months and 28 days, give or take.\" The President asks the Secretary of State to call a meeting of what's left of the G8 and China. The meeting adjourns. Two days later a Chinese delegation asks permission to land on the western White House lawn. Permission is granted. An old Soviet jetliner with Chinese markings hovers silently over the western White House then lands. The Chinese Premier and his entourage emerge wearing space suits with their helmets under their arms. Upon greeting the President he says that the plane they arrived in has been retrofitted with alien technology, including the alien power and slip-stream systems taken from an alien fighter. He introduces DR. Ai-Ping Liang as the man responsible for making this possible to the President of the United States. The next day Ai-Ping is picking a rose bud with a long stem from a garden when Levinson and Hiller walk up and introduce themselves. Ai-Ping thanks them for recently destroying the aliens in the Ross Sea, then asks if it is time for the meeting. Levinson nods his head and waves his arm towards the doorway. They enter the Western White House compound conference room and find it full of technical nerds and top military brass. Ai-Ping places the rose bud in a vase on the table in front, then walks up to a chalk board and faces the audience. Without introduction he begins to speak. \"We dismantled an intact alien fighter and discovered its power source,\" Ai-Ping begins. He then describes the alien power system, called a ZPO or zero-point orb. Drawing on a chalk board he shows the ZPO consists of a large and small sphere, one inside the other: the smaller one is black and the size of ping pong ball; the other consists of two hemispheres about the size of a soccer ball which are dull black on the inside and metallic on the outside. \"These orbs naturally repel each other through magnetic forces\" he continues. \"Thus, the smaller central sphere when placed inside an intact larger outer sphere, the smaller sphere naturally rests in the center without touching the other one.\" He says, drawing a diagram on the blackboard. He the reaches down into a box and pulls out the actual alien devices. He positions one of the hemispheres of the larger sphere on one side of the rose bud, then positions the small black sphere on the other side. The hemisphere he has placed is damaged, but he shows that the hemisphere is compressible. Ai-Ping states \"This compressibility is crucial for the operation of the ZPO since varying the distance controls the intensity of the effect\". \"What effect?\" asks Levinson. Ai-Ping approaches the vase holding the rosebud in the center of the table. With one hand Ai-Ping holds the alien black ping pong ball-like object; in his other hand he holds one hemisphere of the alien soccer ball-like object. He positions each on either side of the rose bud and slowly brings them ever closer. Suddenly, the rose bud is visibly seen to open. He moves the alien objects closer and the rose petals expand fully. He moves even closer and the petals and leaves fall off and the stem turns brown. During the latter half of this, the air begins to slightly glow. \"When I bring these devices I am holding in my hands closer to one another, in the space between them, time accelerates immensely. The glow you see is the energy being released by pairs of virtual particles rapidly forming and decaying within the accelerated space-time\" says Ai-Ping. He pulls his arms away and taps the hemisphere in his hand on the metallic table and a spark forms. Spfffzzt! \"And this is the energy captured during the annihilation of the virtual particles\" he says. Ai-Ping grabs a stack of papers and begins handing them out. \"This is energy output data I have gathered from twelve of the ZPO's we have reconstructed. As you can see, there is a very large amount of energy that can be generated in a sustained fashion if the outer sphere is compressed sufficiently. We calculate that each ZPO can power a fighter, a jet liner, or a city of 30,000. We have dedicated one to powering the aircraft we arrived on. When that aircraft is not in use we plug in the ZPO to help operate the airbase. Levinson asks \"What do you mean by sustained? How much down-time is there due to maintenance?\" Ai-Ping responds \"Our first ZPO went operational seven months ago. We have not had any reason to perform any maintenance on the ZPO per se , only on equipment down-line from the ZPO\". \"We estimate\" says Ai-Ping, \"that during the original alien attack twelve years ago there were 36 alien attack vessels. Four of those were destroyed recently in the Ross Sea, leaving potentially 32 destroyer ships, each holding up to 500 fighters, each having one ZPO. We need to recover as many downed alien fighters as possible to salvage the ZPO's on-board. Oh, and by the way, we have not had any luck getting any of the ZPO's on the four alien destroyer ships we destroyed in China to work.\" Ai-Ping looks at Hiller, sitting in the front row aisle seat and hands the small black orb to Hiller. \"It's safe. Keep it\" says Ai-Ping. Hiller eyes the black orb, then thanks Ai-Ping for the \"Zippo\" and put it in his pocket. He notices it's heavier than he thought it would be. At a meeting of the President and the Chinese Premier POTUS asks if the Chinese plane outfitted with the alien ZPO would be able to bring members of the G8 together for a conference. The Premier hesitates, then asks the President if we have any spacesuits for the passengers. \"They were all in Houston, so no.\" replies the President. \"In that case\" says the Premier, \"we will have to fly within the atmosphere for the pick-ups. That may take longer, but fuel is not a problem,\" he says smiling. \"Very well\" says the President. CHAPTER 2 At the G8 meeting there is much discussion about how recovering the power cells from the alien fighters will greatly aid the global economic recovery. The British Prime Minister says that our first goal should be to identify the tasks that lay ahead for defending the planet from this new alien invasion. \"We should set up working groups to this end\" he concludes. The Russian premier stands up and angrily says \"It's time to take this war to the aliens\". No one agrees as they point out that we don't have the technology we need. Rebuffed, the Premier gets angrier and reprimands the US for having recently re-commissioned its nuclear subs to battle the Antarctic aliens at the Terror Rift \"without telling us\", and then points his finger at the Chinese Premier for sharing ZPM technology with the US but not Russia. \"We were attacked first. Mother Russia will not let that go unanswered\". As the Russian Premier walks out, he passes a countdown clock that reads \"T-2109 days\". Startled, the British Prime Minister organizes his papers, then says \"I think the first order of business is retrofitting planes as the Chinese have done.\" At a later meeting of General Gray, Levinson, Hiller, Henning and others at the Western White House compound, Gen. Gray announces that the G8 has decided the first order of business is getting our economies back in working order. \"Only then will we be able to adequately strengthen our defenses,\" he says. To accomplish that there are three major tasks: 1) recover and reuse as much alien technology as possible, including their fighters power systems, 2) set up a global defense communications network and 3) use the Zippo technology recovered from their fighters to create Zippo generators that will re-power Earth's cities and manufacturing centers in preparation for manufacturing weapons and space technology, including space-capable fighters. Levinson asks about planetary defense. Gen. Gray says the G8 is working on that. Levinson suggests that with space-capable planes, a very large, extremely low frequency (ELF) array could be set up on the Moon to broadcast anti-permission codes within a large volume of space surrounding the Earth, essentially creating an alien no-fly zone in the space around Earth. Gray asks Levinson for a report with all the details, but is concerned about approval since our resources are stretched right now. POTUS enters the meeting. CONNIE is with him. The President announces that the G8 has tasked the United States to plan and set up a planetary communications system and a planetary defense force of Zippo-powered and slip-stream enabled planes converted from existing stock. He also says that NASA spacesuits have been recovered from Cape Kennedy. Levinson asks what 'slip stream technology' is. POTUS looks at Hiller for help. \"Oh,\" says Hiller, \"Slip stream technology is akin to the aliens' shield technology, which for some reason we can't seem to get to work. Basically, what the 'slip stream force field does is reinforce the body of the plane to allow rapid acceleration. \"Is this like the 'inertial dampeners' in the old Star Trek movies?\" asks Levinson. \"Well\" says Hiller, thinking, \"..uh, yes. It allows us to accelerate without getting our heads smashed against the back plate of the cockpit seat AND protects the structural integrity of the plane body.\" \"That being all\" says POTUS, \"I would like to take this opportunity to promote one of my officers. Colonel Hiller?\" POTUS signals with his hand for Hiller to step forward. Hiller approaches the President and salutes him and says \"Yes sir?\". POTUS reaches into his pocket and pulls out a small box. He opens it and pulls out a pair of two silver stars and places them on Hiller's eupalet. POTUS says \"Congratulations Major General\" and shakes his hand. \"Your first order of business, General, will be to re-form the First Marine Combat Group, but re-named as the First Marine Space Combat Group. The Group is to be based at Area 51. You are also to recruit and train candidates for the new unit. Congratulations...General.\" Everyone claps. After the meeting POTUS pulls Hiller aside and gives him a sealed envelope. \"This is the formal approval of Dylan's application to the US Naval Academy. I regret the Academy has been moved to Pensacola but I think Dylan may not mind it a bit\". POTUS and Hiller shake hands as Hiller thanks him. CHAPTER 3 Hiller enters the door to his home. \"Jasmine!?\" he says as he walks into their bedroom. \"Hi Honey\" she says weakly, still recovering from Alien Syndrome. \"What are those stars on your collar?\" she asks. \"Oh, I got promoted…to GENERAL!\" he says, grinning. \"Also, the President endorsed Dylan's application to the Academy\" Hiller says excitedly. \"Dear,\" says Jasmine, \"you better talk with Dylan about that\" \"You bet!\" says Hiller. Jasmine looks at her husband with a frown, then says \"No dear. . . you better TALK with him.\" \"Oh?\" asks Hiller, confused. He points back towards the bedroom door and turns his head, as if to ask 'is he in?'. Jasmine nods. Hiller turns and begins to leave when Jasmine says \"Be gentle, Honey\". Hiller goes to Dylan's room and raps gently on the door. \"D?\" he asks. \"Yeah, I'm here\" says Dylan, weakly. Just then Aunt Enid walks buy with a load of laundry. Hiller enters. All the blinds are pulled, Hiller can just make out Dylan laying on the bead. Hiller looks at Dylan. \"Did you get up today?\" asks Hiller. \"Yeah, I fixed myself a cup of tea, but it was too bright so I came back here.\" \"That eye sensitivity oughtta be gone by now\" says Hiller. \"I got some news\" says Hiller, softly. \"Oh?\" asks Dylan, barely interested. \"The President signed off on your application to the Naval Academy\" Hiller says softly but excitedly. \"Oh God\" says Dylan. \"Really? What am I going to tell him?\" ask Dylan to himself. \"Steve, I don't think I'm ready for the Academy.\" Dylan gives a smirkful \"Ha!\" \"I mean, Steve, what are we going to be able to do against the aliens when they arrive?\" Hiller sits down on the bed. \"Did I ever tell you about Tun Tavern?\" he asks. \"Tun who?\" asks Dylan. \"Tun Tavern. Captain Samuel Nichols held the first Marine recruitment there, back during the Revolutionary War. The reason they needed Marines was to raid British warships for arms and war supplies to supply General Washington. The first Marines were mainly sailors or fishermen who could also shoot. At Tun's Tavern they recruited the first Marines to raid British warships, and even raided Halifax for supplies. These raids gathered gun powder, cannon and other supplies for General Washington, who sorely needed them, since the Continental Congress didn't have much in the way of money to pay for them. That's what we're doing now, again\" says Hiller. \"By the time the aliens arrive you could be a Marine Aviator flying a space ship. Don't give up on this country yet. We've been here before\". Hiller rises and says \"The Marines will be our first line of defense against these aliens, and I think we have a pretty good chance of beating them, or at least outsmarting them. Stuff doesn't happen unless people take action; life goes on. . .at least until the aliens get here. But it is ultimately your decision.\" Hiller walks to the door. \"You rest now, and give me or Enid a call if you need anything.\" He hesitates, \"Or. . .\" he hesitates, then smiles looking at Dylan's idle basketball sitting in a pulled-out drawer, \". . . we could do some one-on-one. This may be the last time I could beat you\". Dylan grins, gets up, puts on some sunglasses and out they go. The Time Clock reads T-2030 days: Dylan arrives at the Academy in Pensacola for Plebe Summer. A few weeks later he finds himself standing in front of the 'Monkey Climb' next to his new friend Parker; he sees two rows of ropes spaced three feet apart and hanging from a tower 30 feet high in front of him. The goal is to grab the rope from Row 1, swing, then grab another rope from Row 2, swing again and grab a rope from Row 3, etc. Each time you swing you gain a little height on the new rope. When you run out of rope you turn around and work your way up going the other way. Trainees are to keep this up until they reach an elevated platform 20 feet up at the end of the line of ropes, where they finally land. No climbing on a single rope is permitted. A mud puddle is below the lines of ropes. An upper class-man announces that \"Anyone who gets mud on their boots misses chow that night.\" Hiller, Parker and most of the others missed chow that night. CHAPTER 4 Over the next year crews worldwide salvage wrecked alien fighters, recover the Zippos and ship them for retrofitting. Dylan begins his first year at the Academy. Levinson, after some failures, helps rebuild the US's first Zippo powered generator. Once completed it will power Area 51. POTUS tries to convince the Russian Premier to re-join the G8, but the Russian Premier refuses, still angry from the previous meeting. Ai-Ping is in Russia and on the phone with one of his technicians, who is in Ai-Ping's lab in China. Ai-Ping's lab crew is about to put two black orbs together to try and create a more powerful generator. Ai-Ping is giving step-by-step instructions when the line suddenly goes dead. Later he learns his lab was vaporized. A perfectly spherical crater 150 meters wide and 75 meters deep marks the area where Ai-Ping's lab used to be. Word goes to the G8 to keep the smaller recovered black orbs from coming into close proximity with one another. After hearing the news, the Russian Premier directs his General to start making bombs with their recovered Zippos. T-1580: The Area 51 generator is turned on. Hiller is shown a hanger containing six advanced prototype aircraft built before the alien invasion. LT. General Deaveraux informs Hiller that no one has figured out yet how the alien shields work, but the Zippo power sources and the alien anti-gravity and slip-stream technologies adapt to our planes very well. Hiller relays his insistence to the General that shield technology must be developed. T-1375: The French President informs the Russian Premier that the alien Mother Ship has been spotted entering the solar system. The Mother Ship appears to be almost as large as the Earth. He asks the Russian Premier to rejoin the G8. The Russian Premier declines and adds he is developing bombs… \"big bombs\". T-1300: Planes, retrofitted with Zippos and the slip-stream technology, are fabricated world-wide. They are named \"G8's\" regardless of the type of plane being retrofitted (\"G8 fighter\", \"G8 cargo\", etc.). Hiller continues contacting retired Black Knights and other pilots as recruits for the new Black Sky Knights. T-1151: The Mother Ship reaches the orbit of Neptune. T-1030: The first G8 fighter rolls off the assembly line. Hiller is told conclusively that the alien shield technology will probably not be replicated, let alone installed, by the time the aliens arrive. \"Then we have to go to Plan B,\" says Hiller. T-1022: Hiller returns to his home in Sacramento with Jasmine. Jasmine starts throwing up and Hiller fears she may be having a relapse of Alien Syndrome. Jasmine says with a wry smile \"The only 'alien syndrome' I have, I got from you stranger. I'm pregnant!\" After rejoicing, Hiller wonders how he can protect his squadrons, let alone his new baby, from an alien attack without shields. T-1010: Gen. Gray enters Levinson's office and tells him his plan for the ELF array on the Moon has been approved and resources are now at his disposal. T-1005: California Seismological Institute reports a major seismic event in Siberia. G8 spacecraft confirm a perfectly spherical crater twelve miles wide and half a mile deep in the area. The sky is filled with the debris that was vaporized. That night the Russian Premier conducts a conference call with all the G8 members (including China) and announces that Russia has a new Omega Bomb that will destroy the aliens. After the call the Premier instructs his General to make 60 more Omega Bombs. The GENERAL objects saying \"We only recovered 1,722 ZPO's, and with 24 ZPO's/bomb, 60 bombs requires 1,440 of them. We need ZPO's to re-power our cities and to get our economy going again. The Americans and the rest of the G8 are way ahead of us on this.\" The General loses the argument. T-955: Levinson, wearing a spacesuit, steps out of a G8 cargo plane onto the dust of the Moon. He instructs his crew to \"dig here\" to create the underground base. The crew sets up a temporary surface base. Inside, he explains to the Navy Construction Battalion (CB's) unit assigned to him the base's general layout: \"This is an ELF antenna array.\" He unrolls a schematic. \"It has a 28 mile radius and is powered by this…\" (looking out the window and pointing to a big box being removed from a G8 C5A cargo plane) \"…45 megawatt Zippo generator. We're going to use telephone poles to set up the array; it's the quickest way. It turns out, gentlemen, that most of the Moon's surface, once you get beneath the foot or so of fine dust, is hard rubble. Digging the holes is going to be difficult. And we have to place the underground bunker 100 feet below this rubble, so we'll have to go down about 200 feet in total.\" T-927: The Mother Ship reaches the orbit of Uranus. T-733: Jasmine has a BABY BOY. They name him James, after Hiller's best friend, the 'reverend' Jimmy Wilder, who was killed in action by the aliens. T-705: Hiller leads the first Combat Air Patrol (CAP) of G8 fighters. Hiller explains that from now on there will always be a CAP of eight fighters patrolling a volume of space that is twice the distance of the Moon's orbit around Earth. \"We are the eyes and ears of the world, Gentlemen\" he says. As they leave Earth's atmosphere they pass an orbiting G8 cargo plane unloading and placing a communications satellite in orbit. Hiller adds \"Later we'll set up some long range recon patrols, or LRRP's, that will patrol all the way out to Neptune. That way we'll be able to keep an eye on the Mother Ship and any fighters they may have deployed in the Solar System\". T-703: The Mother Ship reaches the orbit of Saturn. For the first time a Carrier Ship (previously thought to be the 'mother ship') is seen accompanying it. T-680: One of the Moon Base installed telephone poles collapses and knocks down several other poles. Levinson implores his crew to recover and reuse as many poles and cables as possible since they have little, if any, reserves available. The CB CORPORAL salutes Levinson. \"Dooooon't salute…. I'm a civilian,\" says Levinson. T-623: The Mother Ship and the Carrier Ship reach the orbit of Jupiter. T-583: Dylan graduates from the Naval Academy. Hiller and Jasmine, holding James, greet him. Dylan says he's applied for G8 flight training, much to Hiller's satisfaction. T-583: The Aliens reach the orbit of Mars. Alien fighters start strafing Earth's cities as a harassment action. Hiller and other G8 fighters engage the alien fighters but the lack of shields means they cannot engage for long. \"Fight them just like I showed you\" says Hiller. A lone Russian fighter comes into the battle and fires a single rocket at a flight formation of five alien fighters. The rocket flies among the formation then suddenly explodes and turns the area white. The alien fighters are vaporized. No alien fighters return after that. Hiller asks the Russian pilot if they can spare any of those missiles. \"Nyet\" is all he hears on his radio. That night the Russian Premier brags on the phone to the French President about the Omega Bomb used in the attack. T-480: POTUS is briefed by Connie that the Mother Ship is entering Earth orbit, but on the opposite side of the Sun. POTUS asks \"Why there?\" and is told that it's a 'good' thing, since the mass of the Mother Ship is so large that approaching Earth would significantly change Earth's and our moon's orbits. T-308: Dylan is at Basic School. He is facing the Monkey Climb again. He jumps at the first rope and begins to swing and work his way up. Then he slips, his feet just missing the mud below. He turns again and works his way up, and finally finds himself on the platform looking down at the ropes. His friend Parker is behind him and finishes too. T-295: Dylan and Parker are accepted for G8 flight school. They and other volunteers get off a bus at the end of the runway at Pensacola Naval Air Station. Several G8 fighters with pilots are waiting for them. Maj. Gen. Hiller welcomes them. They all don spacesuits, then each recruit gets into a G8 fighter and the fighters take off for Area 51. They first do a fly-by of the Moon, much to the delight of the recruits. The entire flight takes 25 minutes. T-206: A LRRP PILOT near Saturn reports that the alien Carrier Ship is departing from the Mother Ship and heading for Earth. T-114: A CAP PILOT observes Russian bombers leaving Earth and heading towards the Carrier Ship. The next day the Russians engage the Carrier Ship, which sends out its own fighters. A space battle ensues. The bombers ignore the fighters and head for the Carrier Ship. One by one the bombers are destroyed, but two get through. There is a huge white explosion followed by another. G8 LRRP OBSERVERS temporarily lose their vision. Once regained, it becomes clear the Carrier Ship has survived the explosion while all the alien fighters and the Russian Bombers were vaporized. The Russian Space Fleet is no more. The Russian Premier is informed by phone of the outcome by Russian Space Command. He hangs up, bitter, and pours himself a vodka. \"It's all over\" he says as he slouches into his chair. T-25: Dylan and Parker graduate from flight school and receive their Naval Flight Officer Astronaut Wings. They are assigned to Space Airborne Early Warning Squadron 1, a Space Rescue Squadron (SVAW-1), nicknamed the Night Hawks. T-10: There is a cave-in at the underground Moon Base access-way. CB's estimate it will take 13 days to remove the rubble and replace the cut cable coming from the base to the array. POTUS, informed of the cave-in by Connie, calls the RUSSIAN PREMIER, who turns out to be a new person. POTUS asks if they might have an alien Mole. The Premier says he will check and get back to him. T-6: The Russian Premier calls POTUS and informs him that he has located the Mole but they will need it returned before the aliens arrive. POTUS asks if they can deliver it directly to the Moon Base. The Premier agrees. T-5: A Russian G8 cargo plane arrives at the Moon Base and Russian technicians unload and activate the Mole. The Mole soon reaches those trapped below, including Levinson in the underground array communications base. Levinson notes three things: first, the Mole's path left a path of dust, so the Mole's path will be the easiest way to the surface; second, they need to seal off the room the Mole entered since some air is leaking; and third, they only have 4 ½ days left before the aliens arrive to get the array operational. T-0: The alien Carrier Ship positions itself in an Earth orbit opposite the Moon. The 36 Destroyer Ships (DSs) deploy and divide into two groups. One group positions itself to hover above the Arctic and the other group positions itself above Antarctica. In the Moon Base the crew is frantically trying to complete the passageway from the base to the surface. Levinson receives a call from a CB corporal working on the cable who reports that the Array won't be operational for another nineteen hours. T+1: Connie informs POTUS that the two groups of DS's are now in position and are preparing to fire their primary weapons at the Poles. POTUS asks for an update on the Moon Base and is told the array will be operational in 12 hours. The DS's open fire, and fire continuously at the Poles. Observers at the US base at McMurdo, Antarctica, go outside and looking south towards the Trans Antarctic Mountains, see the green rays of the alien ships firing and steam billowing on the other side of the mountains. They report this to POTUS. POTUS discusses options with his military brass. One urges him to launch the G8 fighters. Another argues that launching the fighters won't be effective since the aliens have the advantage of shields and we don't. They agree that the only option is to wait for the Array to get up and running with the anti-permission codes. The Moon Base crew re-connect the Array cable. Levinson throws the switch and the Array starts broadcasting. OBSERVERS on the surface of the Moon scan the DS's for any effect. They report there is none. The CB corporal asks why it isn't working. Levinson is in the Moon Base Control Room checking the dials, and replies: \"I keep saying- this is ELF broadcasting-that's extremely low frequency , people. The information transmission rate is very slow, just a few characters per minute. It will take another 75 minutes for the entire message to be broadcast once, then-…hopefully… , Checkmate.\" With seven minutes left to complete the first broadcast of the ELF signal that will revoke the alien ships' permission codes, the DS's, still continuing to fire at the poles, launch fighters that head for the Moon. Hiller is in his G8 fighter tossing his small Zippo sphere up in the air and catching it, enjoying the light gravity on the dark side of the Moon. He receives a radio report of the alien fighter launch and probable target. He places the sphere in his pocket. \"Oh no, you don't,\" says Hiller. \"I thought you might try this.\" He radios his men: \"Black Knights: the hour has come. I know we don't have shields, but we need to buy time for the Moon Base to complete its broadcast. Launch and assume formation Alpha Zulu.\" Twenty-four squadrons of G8 fighters and the six Area 51 fighters launch from their position on the dark side of the Moon. The fighters spread out in all directions to intercept the fanning out alien fighter formation. The six Area 51 fighters head for the Moon Base to provide direct aerial support. The G8 fighters draw nearer and Hiller radios his men to attack the aliens. The G8 fighters begin firing green laser fire at the aliens. A group of alien fighters pulls out and heads for the six Area 51 fighters, engaging them. Other G8 fighters pull out of formation and come to their aid. Russian fighters, coming from Earth, also enter the fray. One minute into the fight the ELF broadcast completes its first cycle of the anti-permission code transmission. In the next minute the DS's cease firing and 30 seconds later the deployed alien fighters stop directed movement and simply drift in space. Some of the alien fighters crash into the Moon. A third of the G8 fighters have been destroyed or damaged, but the Black Knights and the Russians bought enough time to get the ELF transmission sent. Hiller speaks into his microphone: \"Okay, let's get the Night Hawks out here.\" Five larger rescue and recovery spacecraft launch from the dark side of the Moon. They start recovering damaged fighters - alien, G8 and Russian models. Dylan pilots one of the Night Hawk rescue vehicles. Gen. Gray informs POTUS: \"Looks like we beat them Sir. The Destroyer Ships have stopped firing and their polar orbits are decaying. They should begin entering the atmosphere in three to four hours.\" \"What about the Carrier Ship? Wasn't it protected from the ELF broadcast since it is on the opposite side of the Earth from the Moon?\" asks POTUS. \"No sir\" says Gen. Gray. \"The ELF broadcast went right through the Earth. ELF broadcasting was used all the time in mining operations, Sir, and for contacting submarines deep under water. Levinson knew what he was talking about, that's for sure. Right now, the Carrier Ship is drifting, albeit slowly, towards the Sun.\" \"Thank God\" says POTUS. CHAPTER 5 T+2: Dylan's crew is called to pick up the Mole. When they arrive at the Moon Base they find some Russian technicians loading an Omega Bomb into the Mole. Levinson informs Dylan that the Carrier Ship seems to have regained control and is heading towards the Moon. He adds that Gen. Gray ordered us to assist the Russians. The Mole is loaded onto Dylan's rescue spaceship, which looks much like a cargo plane with a retractable boom attached to the top back of the vehicle. Once the Mole is in Dylan's craft, the technicians lift a large ring device that slips onto the back of the Mole. \"What's that?\" asks Dylan, pointing to the ring device. \"That's the spin stabilization and thruster device,\" answers a Russian technician in a heavy Russian accent. \"At launch, this Mole will want to orient nose first towards the Earth. We want it to orient towards that Carrier Ship. This ring will help us do that and provide thrust\". Three large bottles of compressed air are attached to the outside of the Mole. \"This is our fuel\", says the technician. \"But, it's only air\", says Dylan. \"Of course\", says the technician. \"But it's bottled at extremely high pressure\". He pats one of the black bottles. \"Carbon fiber…\" he says, \"… very strong\". \"But what about the shields?\" asks Dylan. \"Oh…easy\" says the Russian. \"The alien shields recognize alien craft, including this Mole, and allow them to pass. Only our ships and missiles can't get through\". The Carrier Ship approaches the Moon and starts firing at the Array. Nearby, Dylan's ship deploys the Mole and launches it towards the Carrier Ship. One of the Russian technicians steers the Mole by remote control. The Mole penetrates the shield, then the hull, and once Dylan's ship is far enough away, the Omega Bomb is detonated. The Carrier Ship explodes. Major celebrations occur after the defeat of the aliens. With no Carrier Ship, nor Destroyer Ships, the aliens can't attack Earth. Earth won! T+7: A G8 fighter on LRRP duty near Neptune detects the Mother Ship initiating a retrograde orbit. The Mother Ship is still in Earth's orbit, but is slowing down, then reverses direction. Scientists warn Connie that in two months the Earth will catch up with the Mother Ship and the alien Mother Ship's gravity will accelerate Earth into an elliptical orbit that will take Earth past Mars. No one knows what to do. T+8: The next day alien ships of a configuration not seen before arrive over Earth. They are observed teleporting drifting alien fighters. A squadron of G8 fighters launches and harasses the alien ships, which have shields but no weapons. Dylan's ship is doing a salvage operation, when he and his ship are teleported by an alien ship into its hold. He sees numerous damaged and disabled alien fighters inside the hold. Aliens enter Dylan's ship. The aliens' ESP forces Dylan and his crew into unconsciousness. Hiller leads a squadron of G8 fighters to affect a rescue. While attempting to rescue his son, Hiller receives a call that the Moon Base is again under attack. As Hiller turns his ship, it is teleported into the alien ship's hold. Then Hiller blacks out. Hiller wakes, finding himself under the mind control of an alien, and is extracted from his ship and taken to a holding area. After Hiller enters the holding cell, the alien releases its mind control and Hiller sees Dylan and his crew there, too. Hours seem to pass. The prisoners hear and feel the alien ship bump against something. \"We must be docking\" says Dylan. Everyone blacks out. Dylan wakes up with a horrendous headache. He is in another holding room, along with just one of his crew, Hiller and Levinson. Levinson relates how the Moon Base was attacked by aliens, that the aliens destroyed the Base and took him prisoner. \"We're in the Mother Ship now\" he says. Dylan is frightened. Hiller wakes up, holds his head and sees Dylan. Hiller stands up and asks if Dylan is alright. Levinson brings Hiller up-to-date about their situation. Levinson relates his trip to the Mother Ship: The alien ship docked with the Mother Ship. Levinson emerged from the ship via alien ESP control. The control is released as he is grasped by two very large aliens. Levinson sees that they are in an enormous hanger. Most of the hanger is filled with a new Carrier Ship being built and almost completed. He sees many other ships he doesn't recognize. They come to a lift with transparent walls. One of the aliens taps in a code set in the lift's door. The lift door opens and they enter. The lift moves them many floors deep into the Mother Ship. On each floor he sees a multitude of aliens busy making things, moving things or running consoles. Finally, the lift stops. The door opens. They walk down a long large hall. The aliens throw Levinson into the holding room. There is Dylan, one of his crew, and Hiller, all passed out. \"So that's the situation\" says Levinson. Hiller, angry, says \"Well, just don't tell me you heard the fat lady sing.\" Hiller reaches into his pocket and pulls out some folded up aluminum foil. He hands it to Dylan and tells him to put it on. Dylan looks confused. \"On your head!\" urges Hiller. \"It will stop the ESP\". Dylan puts the aluminum foil on his head and hides it under his hat. \"I'd still like to know where the rest of my crew is,\" says Dylan. Three aliens arrive. An alien places a device on Levinson's head and one on Hiller's head. The sense of ESP control goes away and the aliens in the room turn away, ignoring them. Hiller and Levinson are free to act on their own again. Hiller shakes his arms and hands. \"Come\" they hear in their heads as an alien uses ESP to talk with them. As they leave, Dylan yells \"Steve!\" Hiller responds saying: \"It's okay 'D'. We'll be back.\" Hiller and Levinson leave the room escorted by two of the aliens. The third alien goes to Dylan's last remaining crew member, pokes him, grabs him, and, using ESP, forces the crew member to walk out of the room like a zombie. The crew member walks down a hall, goes through a door and enters a kitchen area. He sees a large vat of hot oil. A dead alien is rolled into it and the pot roils as it deep fries the alien. Two aliens take Hiller and Levinson to a lift. Levinson observes the alien operating the lift's controls. When the alien is finished, they feel the lift drop down many, many floors. They step into a chamber filled with aliens tending control consoles. From what they can see, they appear to be in a very large Incubator Room. The aliens escorting them leave. Aliens working in the Incubator Room ignore them. They walk freely around the room. They hear, via ESP, \"Welcome hoo-man\" within their heads. They turn and see a very large alien, much like the one that attacked them in the hanger of the DS almost six years earlier. They realize the device on their head allows this alien to 'speak' to them using ESP. Levinson notices that none of the aliens are wearing biosuits, and that the gravity is weak, though stronger than on the Moon. \"You wear the Queens Communicator. As long as you wear it my crew knows you are under my protection\" says the large alien.\" The large alien turns and points to a translucent, back-lit door, one of many, being opened. Two aliens rush to the door and help remove a grown alien clone dripping wet. \"These\" the large alien says, pointing, \"are why we are here\". The newly born alien is placed in a biosuit and taken from the room. A regular-sized alien with a needle comes to the large alien, extracts something from her and injects it into the just-emptied maturation chamber. \"So, you must be the Queen,\" Levinson says. The large alien seems astonished. \"You know of me\" she states. \"Then you know your place, too. You are space bacteria and I will soon fix that. But first, I want to show you just how futile your efforts have been.\" She turns and begins to walk away. Levinson and Hiller follow her. They enter an oriel with an alien guard on either side. A clear curved door closes leaving them alone with the Queen. She pushes some images on the electronic screen teleporting them to a balcony overlooking the enormous construction bay where the new alien Carrier Ship is being finished. \"This ship will soon be completed. We take resources from where ever they may be\" she brags. The Queen pushes some other keys teleporting them to another balcony overlooking a bay containing an enormous mill; in the distance they see piles of ore being fed into the mill. Bragging about her power, the Queen asks how humans thought they could ever prevail against her. \"Humans are no more than pesky space bacteria. They will be eradicated from the Universe, like so many other space bacteria I have eradicated before\" she says. Levinson asks how the aliens can harvest the Earth if they put it in an orbit so far from the Sun. The Queen responds that \"humans think small, for I can harvest planetary bodies in deep space. I don't need the warmth of a star. I merely prefer it.\" The Queen pushes some more buttons and they find themselves in a vast enclosed space. One of the guards in this area gives them bracelets. A guard tells them that the bracelets will allow them to pass through the force field further ahead. \"Do you have force fields?\" sneers the Queen. They walk through the door and enter a balcony, passing through the force field. Levinson and Hiller see just how huge this spherical chamber is, about thirty-five miles to the central black sphere, which itself is at least 100 miles wide. The slightly glowing air illuminates the sphere with arcs of electricity that pass from the empty air to collectors protruding from the room's sides. They see aliens floating weightlessly in the space tending the protrusions. They wear EVA harnesses freeing them to navigate the chamber. They are checking and working on the wall of the outer sphere. Eventually these aliens move off into the distance to continue their work. Hiller, Levinson, the Queen, and the guard stand alone. Levinson gazes at the black sphere that appears to float in the center. It is a giant Zippo. \"This is how I power EVERYTHING\" the Queen brags. \"You have no power that even approaches this. You think so small...just like space bacteria.\" The Queen continues: \"In another of your 'weeks' my Carrier will be ready to launch. Oh, you did delay me by destroying the others, but your planet's iron core will soon give me the materials I need to create not only new Carriers, but a new Home Ship as well.\" \"You mean 'Mother Ship\" says Levinson. \"How quaint\" says the Queen. \"Mother Ship? No, there is no 'Mother', only I. My dominion extends for ages into the past, and ages into the future. My only goal is to rid the galaxy of space bacteria like you, and replace them with...me.\" She waves her hand towards the accompanying guard. \"All my subjects are... me\". In a menacing tone she adds: \"The last thing you will know is me\". She whispers \"space bacteria! Ugh!\" Hiller turns and faces the Queen. \"You know, you really should get to know us better before you start name-calling.\" Levinson addresses the Queen: \"Uh, Queen, I think you underestimate us. The malice and ingenious aggression of those you sent before have prepared us for any treachery you may have in store. We have learned the benefits of Space Power and have learned to cope with your kind when on our planet. We have had,\" he looks at Hiller, \"what is it, uh, yes, almost six years to contemplate your arrival. The things we have done, and are doing, may prove we are able to defend our planet and ride out the woe of your short-lived tyranny. This is what you are up against: every human, every town, every religion, every nation, linked together in a way that's never happened on Earth before, ready to ensure you pay too high a price for threatening us. As I used to say to my Dad: 'Check'\". The Queen says \"What?\" Hiller says \"You heard him, 'Check'.\" He pulls out his little Zippo and shows it to her. The Queen recoils and gasps. \"And this is 'Checkmate'\". He hurls his small Zippo sphere at the big Zippo sphere, 35 miles away. The Queen screams. The guard hurls himself off the balcony and into the space, following the little Zippo sphere, attempting to grasp it. Levinson kicks the Queen's knee and she falls down. The Queen's tentacles reach out to him. He hears her thinking: \"I must get his head piece off\". Levinson dives and rolls to the edge of the balcony next to Hiller. The Queen stands up and lunges for them. Hiller ducks, lifts her legs and heaves her off the balcony into the weightless space off the balcony. She drifts slowly towards the large black and waves her arms and tentacles helplessly. \"Take that, you bitch!\" he yells. Hiller and Levinson run for the teleporter. Levinson says \"I saw her punch in the codes; I think I can get us out of here\". He punches the keyboard and teleports them back to where they first met the Queen. They appear and the guards look at them. Seeing they still have on the head devices, the guards ignore Hiller and Levinson. On the way up in the lift Levinson asks Hiller how fast he threw the Zippo. \"Huh?\" asks Hiller. \"How fast did you throw the Zippo sphere\" asks Levinson. \"Oh, my arm isn't what it used to be. I'd say maybe 50 to 55 miles per hour. It's my shoulder. That's why I can't throw 3-pointers anymore\" says Hiller. \"Why?\" Levinson thinks for a moment and says: \"Okay. That gives us a little over 35 minutes if that big Zippo is actually 35 miles away.\" CHAPTER 6 An alien leads Dylan to the kitchen where he faces a vat of very hot oil. The alien looks at Dylan, realizes the ESP isn't working and grasps Dylan with two of its tentacles. It picks him up and dangles him over the pot of hot oil in a taunting, rocking way. Dylan grasps the alien's tentacles and moves his feet in unison, just like at the Monkey Climb, and kicks the alien in the gut. The alien releases one of Dylan's arms. On the return swing, Dylan grabs another tentacle and raises himself up and onto the back of the alien. He wrings the alien's neck. The alien goes limp and his head falls into the hot oil. Dylan rushes out of the kitchen only to find Hiller and Levinson staring at him. \"Steve!\" he says, \"Boy am I glad to see you!\" Hiller asks Dylan about the whereabouts of his other crew mate. Dylan responds: \"They cooked him!...They cooked all of them!\" Levinson says: \"We've gotta go, c'mon, go go go; there's only one way out of here for us and I'm the only one that knows it.\" He ushers them down the hall to the lift. Once in the lift Levinson pushes some buttons and the lift takes them upwards. The lift opens, unexpectedly, back near the balcony where they fought with the Queen. Another large alien can be seen some distance away, coming their way. \"You have sabotaged the Queen, and I have taken her place\" says the alien in ESP to Hiller and Levinson. \"Seize them!\" she says and three alien guards converge on their position. Hiller pulls out his sidearm and shoots them. The new Queen is startled and backs away. He hears her thoughts that she needs to get a message 'to the top' and 'how she must reach that console to do so'. Hiller spins, removes his alien head device and gives it to Dylan. Hiller takes Dylan's aluminum foil. \"'D', take this. You and Levinson get out of here. Nuth'ins gonna happen unless I take some action….I'm gonna slow down this new Queen.\" \"But Steve!\" yells Dylan. \"Dad!\" Hiller looks at Dylan. This is the first time Dylan has called him 'Dad'. Hiller says \"No ifs, ands, or buts' 'D'. I need you to do this, son. Life goes on.\" Hiller looks at Levinson. Levinson nods then pulls Dylan back into the lift and pushes some buttons. As the door closes, Hiller hears 'D' say \"Daa-!\" The door shuts and cuts off the end of Dylan's plea. They teleport to the balcony overlooking the large bay where the Carrier Ship is being finished. They head for a catwalk. Hiller turns, checks his weapon and runs after the new Queen. She is approaching an electronic device on the far wall. He stops, aims his weapon, fires and it jams. \"Damn!\" he says. He clears the gun, aims and shoots the electronic device just as the Queen is touching the keyboard. The Queen turns, growls and comes at Hiller. Three more aliens file in through a door by the wall device Hiller just shot. \"Damn! Only three shots left\" Hiller whispers. Hiller steels himself, sizes up his prey and says \" Semper fi \". CHAPTER 7 Because they are wearing the Queen's Communicators, no aliens interfere with Dylan and Levinson as they walk along the catwalk. Dylan spots the ship that captured him. He and Levinson make their way to it and enter. Levinson sees an alien sitting at the controls. Startled, Levinson pauses, then thinks \"uhhh…the Queen told us to fly back to our planet to let everyone know we're gonna die.\" The alien pushes a button on the console and a door opens. Levinson and Dylan walk into the ship's hold, locate and get in Dylan's rescue ship and don their space suits. The alien transports Dylan's craft out of the Mother Ship and they depart. Levinson looks at his watch and notes \"We only have a few minutes before thIS ship blows. Can we get on the other side of Venus there?\" he asks, pointing. \"Oh, of course, you didn't know about it. Your Dad threw his little Zippo at the big Zippo in this Mother Ship. We figured it would take about 35 minutes for it to get there, and we have just under fifteen minutes before that happens. Then,\" he makes his hands come together then come apart and says \"Boom\". \"I dunno\" says Dylan. \"Let's see what this baby can do.\" Dylan flies the ship towards the far side of Venus and tries to position it between the Sun and Venus. CHAPTER 8 The weightless alien guard and the small Zippo sphere both head towards the big Zippo sphere. The alien rapidly ages and dies. The weightless Queen continues to wriggle in the Zippo chamber. Two workers in their EVA suits head towards her while guards of the new Queen shoot at them. The small Zippo sphere approaches the big Zippo sphere. The air between the two Zippos begins to glow brighter and brighter. When they almost touch, a huge white light fills the enormous chamber. As Dylan's ship approaches the far side of Venus, the Mother Ship transforms into a white flash as bright as a star in nova. The photon blast hits the tail end of Dylan's ship, vaporizing the tail. His ship is damaged, but the shadow of Venus protects most of it. Dylan tries to retain control of his tumbling ship, which is temporarily facing Venus. He and Levinson see the debris blast strike the far side of Venus and sweep the planet's atmosphere away…towards them! The Sun comes into view as the blast strikes the ship, catastrophically disabling it. Levinson and Dylan are knocked out. A half hour later, Dylan wakes up and finds himself in the cockpit with the roof blown off. There is no ship behind him. Levinson wakes up too. After a moment Levinson looks at Dylan and says \"It looks like you have some smoke over there\" while pointing to Dylan's far side. Dylan looks and finds a small air leak in his suit. He checks his wrist gauge and says \"I'm out of air in fifteen minutes\". Levinson says \"look at that.\" Dylan turns and sees Levinson pointing at the Sun. It has turned from a bright yellow-white to a duller bluish-white as the debris blast strikes the Sun. \"Well, that's a sight…too bad Dad didn't see this\" says Dylan. \"Dad…\" he says in a whisper, as he suddenly becomes very sad. The radio in the earpiece crackles. On the radio they hear: \"Night Hawk three this is Night Hawk seven, over\". \"It's Parker!\" yells Dylan. Parker arrives commanding a salvage ship. Dylan and Levinson get on board and remove their space suit helmets. Dylan asks \"How did you find us\"? Parker replies that a LRRP spotted them heading for Venus just before the big blast. Parker reports that \"General Gray says 'Well done'. We're ordered to head for the western White House lawn.\" They land on the White House lawn at sunrise. Dylan and Levinson get out. Connie runs up to Levinson. Jasmine looks for Hiller, then spots Dylan. He gives her a sad look and shakes his head. Connie informs POTUS that she is told the blue sun is a reaction to the alien ship blowing up and should return to normal soon. POTUS acknowledges Connie, then walks to Dylan and asks about Hiller. Dylan says \"General Hiller is missing in action, Sir!\" and salutes. \"He will be missed,\" says POTUS, saluting. Holding her two-year old son and crying, Jasmine runs up to Dylan and hugs him. They turn and look at the deep blue rising sun and Dylan says to Jasmine: \"Everything's going to be alright, Mom.\" END To my Readers: Your comments and opinions are welcome. A review by someone would be great! It's always nice to get feed back. Thanks! DrDoc ","Summary":" INDEPENDENCE DAY III v2 Story by: BY LARRY R. KIPP, ELIZABETH R. KIPP & MASTIN KIPP Copyright 2011 "},{"Movie":"Winnie the Pooh","Title":"How Stan and Heff Stole Christmas","Author":"ToonFanJoey","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12993951","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Note: Hello, all, it's July, the hottest month of the year and a time where some fans do Christmas projects when they don't feel like waiting until December to get them done. This is a project I've still been wanting to do this for so long. This is a short parody fic of the every Seuss fan's beloved holiday classic, The Grinch, taking place in the Winnie the Pooh franchise. I've been inspired by the Nicktoons commercial spoofing the Grinch (with Angelica from Rugrats in the title role), as well as the opening of the Doug Christmas special, \"Doug's Secret Christmas\", where it spoofed the Grinch (having Roger Klotz in the role), to do this. I was thinking, \"what if Disney decided to have Pooh characters spoof the Grinch story?\" So, I thought I could do one myself. Stan and Heff will be sharing the role of the Grinch, and most of the good animal characters from the Pooh franchise will be in the role of the whos, with Kessie in the role of Cindy Lou-Who, and Francisco the Cat, an OC belonging to a friend of mine who is not on this website, is in the role of Max. So, I own nothing. The story belongs to Dr. Seuss and the Pooh characters belong to Disney and A.A. Milne, with one belonging to my friend, who will remain nameless. Now, to save time and pressure on the brain, I will be excluding a spoof of the famous \"You're a Mean One, Mr. Grinch\" song. My apologies to all fans of the song, I myself am one as well, but I thought it'd save time if I just spoofed the story. Hope you all understand. Maybe I could remake the story when there's more time, and add a song in there. Well, we might as well sit down and read, shall we? \"ToonFanJoe Productions Presents\" \"In Unofficial Association with Disney\" \"How Stan and Heff Stole Christmas\" Our story begins in the Hundred Acre Wood. It was Christmas time, and every animal inhabitant of the Hundred Acre Wood was getting ready for the big day. You see, it was Christmas Eve, and they were all getting some last-minute details finished before the big day: Christmas Day. In one particular house...tree, whichever you prefer, a bear named Winnie the Pooh was having a tree-trimming party, with guests to arrive soon. During this time, Pooh, who was yellowish and had a red t-shirt and a green scarf, was assisted by a young bluebird named Kessie, a white puppy named Buster, and a tiger named Tigger, who wore a teal scarf. A song started, with Kessie taking two candy cane decorations out of the decoration box and placing them on the mantle, as she began to sing. Kessie: Christmas comes tomorrow And we can hardly wait Tigger then shook a present he had with joy. Tigger: For Santy bringing presents Pooh came, carrying a tray full of gingerbread men, fresh from the oven. Pooh: Christmas dinner on my plate Yum! Kessie hanged a golden round ornament on the curtain rod, before swinging the ornament a bit. Kessie: The jingle bells As Pooh sang the next line, he placed the tray down on a counter. Pooh: And Christmas smells Tigger grabbed one of the gingerbread men, taking a bite as he sang next. Tigger: And cookies tasting great Tigger then hung up a wreath on the door, as all three sang next. Trio: Christmas comes tomorrow And we can hardly wait At the house of a small pig named Piglet, he was getting ready for Christmas as well, as he swept around the house with his broom. Piglet: I'm cleaning every corner And dusting every chair Then, a yellow-green rabbit named Rabbit came holding out two plates of vegetables, setting them down. Rabbit: I've got artichokes for Santa And, oh yes, carrots for his deer A bit later, the two came out of Piglet's house, each carrying a small load of presents, as they headed to Pooh's house. Rabbit: With decorations, Celebrations Piglet: All for Sainty Nick Both: Christmas comes tomorrow Piglet: Oh, I Both: Hope it gets here quick With a gloomy grayish-blue donkey named Eeyore, he was trying to decorate his house of sticks, with a star made of sticks. Eeyore: Don't need to be a bother I won't ask Santa twice But if he happens to be coming A present would be nice Of course, a wind came and blew Eeyore's house and star down, much to his disappointment, but his house always gets knocked down, so that's no surprise. He sighed as he saw Piglet and Rabbit walking by, before following them. At another tree, a small brown joey named Roo, who wore a blue t-shirt, played with a car ornament as he sang. Roo: I'm wishing for a race car How he was able to touch the car ornament hanging on the door, was thanks to his friend, a young lavender elephant-like creature (or heffalump) named Heffridge Trumpler Brompet \"Lumpy\" Heffalump IV, lifting him with his trunk. Lumpy: A new kite would be neat They then saw Roo's mother, a kangaroo named Kanga get out a tray of Christmas cookies, fresh from the oven, on a table. Roo: I hope Santa got our letters The two prepared to grab some cookies, but Kanga chuckled a bit. Kanga: They're still too hot to eat Outside, Rabbit, Piglet and Eeyore were passing by, when Kanga, Roo and Lumpy, now donned with hats and scarfs, joined them. Kanga carried a basket of treats along with her. Kanga: With stockings hung, Eeyore: And carols sung, Lumpy: And tons and tons of snow Roo: Christmas comes tomorrow Group: And there's just one night to go Back at Pooh's house, Tigger peeked out the window, waiting for the others to arrive. Tigger: Rein-y-deer are flyin' Santa won't be here 'til dark Kessie: But we'll be ready waiting She then turned to Buster, asking, \"Right, Buster?\" Buster replied with a \"Bark bark bark!\" Of course, he means 'yes' when he says that. Then, they heard a small bell ringing, as Pooh came to his door and opened it up, to let the others, who have just arrived, in. Pooh: It's Christmas time Lumpy: The bestest time Piglet: A joyous time Tigger: (as he shakes a present) A toy-ous time He placed the present onto the pile of presents, as they all came to the finish of their song. All: It's Christmas time and we can't wait As the song ended, the narrator, who had the voice of Sir Michael Caine spoke. \"Every animal in the Hundred Acre Wood liked Christmas a lot But Stan Woozle and Heff Heffalump, the two nuisances of the hundred acres, did not\" Far on the other edges of the Hundred Acre Wood, somewhere in Heffalump Hollow, the places where all heffalumps roam, there was one cave where two figures lived. This place was the one place everyone did their best to steer clear of, for two reasons. One is because the two are nuisances of the Hundred Acre Wood who always come up with schemes to steal the others of their honey for themselves, though each scheme ends up ultimately failing, and the other was because they've been known to hate Christmas, the one holiday everyone else loves. We see the two animals glaring at us readers, as they stood out of their cave. The first was a gray-furred weasel (or \"woozle\") with yellow eyes, light gray fur on his muzzle and chest area, black nose, and with one fang sticking out. He wore a red-brown cap, a red bowtie with white polka dots, a yellow vest, blue pants and black shoes. He was known as Stan Woozle. The second was a big fat orange heffalump with yellow in the inside of his ears, and on his tummy. He had one bucktooth sticking out, and wore only a black vest. He was known as Heff Heffalump, Stan's right-hand heffalump. \"Yes, they've always hated it, will in the future, and do so now. But don't ask me for the answer, no one quite knows just how. Could be perhaps their clothes were on too tight\" The two gave their clothes a bit of a tug, trying to loosen them a bit, but they were still too tight, as our storyteller suggested. (Flashback) We go back to a day when the two fought each-other, though in a comical manner, of course. \"It could be perhaps that they always got in a fight\" (End of Flashback) In the present time, Stan and Heff frowned at us once more, not happy. \"But I think...\" Then Stan interrupted the narrator, snapping, \"Hey, ya mook! The likely reason's obvious! We've never ever managed to steal any honey just for us!\" He continued to rant on, saying (in rhyme), \"And I would not dare betray the woozle code and share with those goodie-goodies...and not even that bear! Oooohhh, on him I'd love to get my hands, for constantly butting in and foiling all our honey-nabbing plans!\" Yes, no matter how many plans Stan and Heff have come up with to steal all the honey, Pooh and his friends have always managed to foil them, and it made the hatred of the two towards the good guys, mostly Stan's hatred, grow more. Also, they would never share, because it's in the nature of Woozles and Heffalumps (except for Lumpy's family and friends) to steal honey and Stan refuses to break his belief. Stan continued, \"And the fact that it is Christmas just emphasizes the fact that we will not, around this time of the year, get that golden gooey snack!\" Then Heff said, \"Duh, but Stan, I think there's one little detail that you missed: we can't even have honey this time of year, because we're on Santa's naughty list!\" Stan replied in annoyance, \"You think I don't know that, bubble-brain?! That is the #1 reason why I say \"humbug\" to this appalling season! It's in our nature to steal honey, but does HE understand?\" Heff scratched his head, saying, trying to think of a good answer, \"Duh...\" But Stan answered for him, saying, \"No he does not! No comprendo, my dim-witted friend!\" Then the woozle pulled out a picture of all the good animals from the Hundred Acre Wood together, but with facial hair and devil horns drawn on them by the foes, showing their hate for them. The narrator spoke, \"So as the two glared at a picture of the animals they despised and scorned, Stan declared.\" Stan said, \"Ah yes, I can just imagine all that will occur with them the very next morn.\" (Daydream) We see a daydream, predicting what will happen in the next morning, as we saw all the good animals of the Hundred Acre Wood unwrapping presents and opening their stockings and cheering for all the stuff they got, showing everyone. As all this happened, Stan's voice explained, \"Once again, they'll wake up and find many presents and treats that Fat Boy has left them, while we get just coal, misery, and back-aches from slipping on sleet.\" We saw the two walking out of the cave angrily and miserably, each holding lumps of coal, before slipping on the icy ground, covered in sleet that had fallen, before they fell on their backs very heard. The two groaned in pain. Back with the other animals, they were somewhere having a big Christmas party, celebrating with all their presents and treats received from Santa, while Stan's voice continued, \"Then, they'll have a big Christmas get-together, in the Hundred Acre Woods, and they'll boast about the rewards for their big hearts: their received Christmas goods!\" The narrator then spoke, \"They would celebrate their good deeds each year, to the villains' worry. And as annually, this activity increases the woozle's fury.\" (End of Daydream) Stan explained, \"Then, there's something else that will come tomorrow. They'll sit down for a Christmas feast and join for a big Yuletide carol to tomorrow.\" Heff then spoke, \"Duh, you know, Stan. I bet if we were Santa Claus, we would mistreat those goodie-goodies.\" The narrator said, \"As Stan heard Heff, he paused.\" Stan did pause, wondering if his sidekick was, for once, onto something brilliant. \"Could it be? In Stan's very own prime, has his lackey actually given a smart possibility this time? A Christmas miracle, it must be. Then the woozle began to smile. A smile came from he.\" Stan started to smile, which was very rare. \"That's it!\" Stan said eagerly. \"Stan exclaimed.\" \"Heff, my for-once inspiration, my muse, you've just fed my head with a new honey-stealing scheme in which we cannot lose!\" Then, Stan grinned wickedly, with Heff grinning evilly as well, though not knowing why, since he's not very intelligent. The narrator said, \"It was then the two got an idea, a fiendish idea. Stan, and eventually Heff, got a magnificently despicable idea.\" A while later, Stan and Heff were working on something, as the narrator continued, \"It took a while for Heff to memorize the plan, due to his miniscule IQ, and after discussing the plan over and over, he finally got it through. Tonight, while our Hundred Acre Wood friends are all snug in their beds, with visions of Christmas goodies dancing in their heads, the two will sneak into each and everyone's houses and steal all their honey. Steal honey from every animal, from the bear to the Tigger to the bunny.\" Stan said, as it looked he was sewing some clothing with a sewing machine, \"First thing is first of the plan.\" The narrator said, \"Said the woozle brute.\" \"We'll make this fast Santa Claus hat and suit.\" As Stan snickered, the narrator continued, \"He snickered so sinisterly, for this plan made him all a-tingle.\" \"With this coat and this hat, I'll look just like Kris Kringle.\" \"I thought you were dressing up as Santa.\" Heff said stupidly. Stan groaned with irritation, \"Same person, cucumber-brain!\" Why must his dumb partner keep forgetting that Santa has more than one name?! \"Oh yeah, I keep forgetting.\" The woozle said sarcastically, \"Oh, ya don't say!\" The narrator said, \"But then Heff objected.\" Heff said, \"Duh, say, why can't I be Santa? I'd fit the role great, on account of my immense and enormous weight.\" The woozle replied, \"That's true.\" The narrator said, \"Said Stan.\" \"But I totally refuse to wear antlers, fake ears or curly, uncomfortable elf shoes! Plus, they're not actually expecting to see us. They're just expecting gifts and treats left in their house, without a single fuss. But don't worry, you can be Santa's assistant elf.\" Heff then looked unsure. \"Heff was unsure about it; he didn't like THAT role himself! Nevertheless, the job must be done to set forth that very night, and ruin the animals' festive yuletide fun.\" (End of Chapter 1) The parody of this Seuss-y Christmas classic has begun. Will Stan and Heff succeed in ruining Pooh and friends' Christmas and taking all their honey? Let's read on! The next chapter is when they find a cat named Francisco, force him to be their reindeer, and they set out to the Hundred Acre Wood on their little spree. The song the Pooh characters sang is \"Christmas Comes Tomorrow\" from My Friends Tigger & Pooh: Super Sleuth Christmas Movie, with Kessie singing Darby's parts, since all the human characters are absent in this story.[Chapter 2] Some time later, after Stan and Heff have finished making the costumes, they had now donned them. Stan was now dressed as Santa Claus, and Heff now in green elf uniform and tights. Amazing how those tights fit a big guy like them. They looked at themselves in the mirror as the narrator spoke again, \"Soon, the two were now the fake Santa Claus and his trusty big elf.\" Stan smirked in the mirror, saying, \"A perfect fit for both of us, if I do say so myself.\" A while later, late in the day to be exact, Stan and Heff came to a hill near their hide-out, while pulling up a rickety old sleigh, loaded with many empty sacks. They grunted and groaned while pulling up the sleigh, but they managed to get it to the top. The narrator said, \"Soon they got ino a rickety old sleigh they found in a junkyard, as well as a load of old empty sacks. To find, they were very hard.\" Stan and Heff hopped into the sleigh, all ready to go. \"So, as Stan and Heff were ready to set out, seeing everything all plain there, Stan suddenly realized...\" Stan's eyes widened in realization as he exclaimed, \"Ah crud! We forgot the reindare...reindeer!\" Heff explained, \"Well, duh, the last time I checked, reindeer are scarce in the Hundred Acre Woods. So I guess we're foiled once again from taking their goods.\" Stan, however, frowned in determination, as the narrator said, \"But he was undaunted, that woozle in the Santa suit.\" Stan exclaimed, \"We'll just have to find the nearest animal we can, and make the dope our reindeer substitute!\" Then, down below, they saw a brown cat wtih black stripes and a green collar, walking along, unaware of the two above. The narrator said, \"But to their luck, they saw down below, a bizarre little cat, by the name of Francisco.\" Stan and Heff looked to each-other, saying in unison, while shrugging, \"He'll do.\" (Note: That's one of the only non-rhyme lines in the story.) The cat, now known as Francisco, walked along through the forest, endlessly trying to look for a place to rest this Christmas. Suddenly, he stopped when he heard a small twig snap, startling him and making him turn around quickly. Fortunately for him, no one was there. However, he was still scared that some creature leap out of nowhere in this part of the Hundred Acre Woods, so he walked cautiously, looking around at each side. But suddenly, Stan and Heff leaped down in front of the cat, making him yelp. The two smirked evilly at the cat, making him laugh nervously. The cat wondered what the two wanted with him, but he was too scared to find out. So before the two got grab him, he was off like a shot! Nevertheless, the two went to chase after him. The two villains wanted to use him as at least one reindeer, and they wouldn't take no for an answer! As they chased Francisco throughout the forest in Heffalump Hollow, the narrator said, \"So they chased after the cat, through every cranny and nook! Every spot of the woods, he was chased by those caniving crooks! They chased him left to right, they chased him there to here, they wanted badly to use him as their reindeer! They'd have to get him quick by the end of the day, if they desire to have any creature to pull their sleigh.\" A bit later, after being chased all throughout Heffalump Hollow, Francisco walked slowly and exhaustedly, panting hardly, as if he were out of breath. He was, from all that running he did, out-running Stan and Heff, managing to avoid capture. He placed himself at the trunk of a tree, thinking he was finally safe. He looked around, before breathing a sigh of relief. Then he did a double take and saw Stan and Heff behind the tree he was at. \"Shhh!\" Heff demanded at the cat, before placing one of the sacks he grabbed from the sleigh over him, in which everything went black. Much later, night had came. After taking the cat back to their lair, Stan and Heff explained their plan and forced him to work for them as their reindeer. They threatened to shave all his fur off and leave him naked alone in the cold if he didn't cooperate, so he reluctantly agreed. He was now at the top of the hill, feeling miserable and embarrassed, having to wear a big branch tied to his head, as well as a harness around him. The narrator explained, \"So after taking him back to their lair, they explained their plan to him, and that chances of his survival if he did not cooperate were very slim. If he did not agree to be their reindeer and aid in stealing everyone's food, they would shave off all his fur, and leave him out alone in the cold, in the nude.\" Francisco was harnessed up to the sleigh, like a reindeer, as they planned. The narrator said, \"When Francisco was reigned up, Stan shouted...\" Stan snapped, \"Alright, dumb cat! Hyah!\" He used a whip to hit the cat, making him yelp and jump up in pain. The narrator continued, \"And they started on their journey to ruin Christmas from a part of the Woods a-far.\" He started sliding down the edge of the steep hill they were at, but then stopped in concern. He looked at the two foes, who glared at them madly. The sled soon went down the hill fast, forcing Francisco to run out the way. As this happened, the narrator said, \"They rode down the hilll near their hide-out and started to slide.\" The sled rode down a curve of the hill, as Francisco tried to run down the hill very fast. Then, the sled zoomed so fast, that it scooped up the cat and landed him near Stan and Heff. \"Soon it quickly became a bumpy ride.\" Yes, it quickly became a bumpy ride indeed, especially while whizzing through their half of the Hundred Acre Woods. They were going so fast, the three started to feel uncomfortable. A dizzy and pale Heff, who looked green, said, \"Duh, Stan, I'm going to be sick! I think I'm going to barf!\" An alarmed Stan exclaimed, \"Well, wherever you do so, don't on my good winter scarf!\" Stan is really hoping his partner won't puke on his good winter scarf that he's had every winter! Heff then saw something with them as he picked it up, thinking it was something to throw up in, saying, \"Oh, here's something I could use.\" Stan gasped in alarm for some reason, as he quickly exclaimed, \"No, wait, Fruitcake! That's not a...\" But the woozle winced and turned away when his partner was heard throwing up into whatever he had. When Heff was done, Stan finished dryly, \"barf bag.\" The narrator said, \"He threw up in Stan's hat.\" Stan groaned, \"Oh, what a drag.\" His partner picked his favorite everyday hat to puke in. Once Heff was done, he sniffed a bit and wiped away a tear, as well as wiping his face. He then offered Stan his hat, but the disgusted woozle said, \"Keep it.\" Now that his hat has been puked in, he may never want to wear it again. This grossed Francisco out as well, and he also felt sick from the ride and the puking, but he did his best to hold it in. A while later, after a rigorous ride through the side with Heffalump Hollow, and going through a secret passage way to the Hundred Acre Wood, the foes and Francisco arrived in the part of the woods where all the good animals like Pooh and friends lived. \"The ride was nauseating, it caused major frustration, but it wasn't long before they finally reached their destination. Though I shan't kid you, the ride was rather edgy, for Heff had moaned.\" Heff got out of the sleigh, moaning, and feeling uncomfortable as he got up and complained to his partner, \"D'oh, I think that ride gave me a wedgie!\" He tried to walk off the uncomfortable cramp in his rear, though he groaned and moaned in pain as he did. The narrator said, \"All of the Hundred Acre Wood filled with silence, no one knew of their presence. Everyone was sound asleep, dreaming sweetly of the next morning presents.\" Yes, all houses in the Hundred Acre Woods were dark and no one was awake, they were all asleep in their beds, dreaming sweetly of the treats and presents left in their homes the next morning, unaware of Stan and Heff's plans.[Chapter 3] Stan turned to his partner and said, \"Come on, Heff. Our first stop is this quaint little house.\" Then Heff gasped with fear as he recognized the home, \"Oh but Stan, this is the home of that giant mouse!\" The \"giant mouse\" he was referring to was Roo, and since Heff's similar to an elephant, he was afraid of mice, but he couldn't tell the difference between a mouse and a kangaroo Joey. He quivered in fear, as Stan sighed in annoyance and rolled his eyes. So typical of his partner to be stupid and scared. The narrator said, \"It looked like Stan will have to raid Kanga and Roo's home by himself, without any aid of his sniveling, cowardly elf.\" So Stan grabbed a few empty sacks, took a ladder he found nearby, and then climbed up it, all the way to the roof of the Kangaroos' home. Once he was up there, he hopped into the chimney and slid down it. Once he was inside the house, he dusted the chimney soot off of him. He crawled out of the chimney corner, holding all of the bags. He then crept quietly around the house. The narrator said quietly, \"So the fake Santa woozle sneaked quietly around, to look for the honey stash. He then crept over into the kitchen, and crept like a flash.\" Yes, he dashed into the kitchen, but dashed quietly so neither Kanga nor Roo could hear him. He smiled in delight and greed as he saw all the honey pots all standing up neatly, around the kitchen, some empty, some full, and some in-between. The narrator continued, \"The greedy woozle saw them, yes, he had definitely found all of the Kangaroos' honey pots, big or small, thin or round. All the honey was usually used by Kanga for her famous holiday honey desserts. The woozle chuckled greedily,\" Stan chuckled greedily, \"Guess stealing ALL of these honey pots wouldn't hurt.\" As the Santa-disguised woozle began grabbing every last honey pot in the room and stuffing them into his bag carefully, the narrator said \"So with great speed and grace, he swiped every pot and stuffed them inside the sack. Any pots remaining, there were not.\" We now see Stan slithering like an eel around the living room with a disturbing-looking smirk. \"Then, he slithered like an eel, with a smirk so disturbing and shocking, around the living room, and arrived then to the stockings.\" Stan stopped where Kanga and Roo's stockings hung, grabbing both stockings, removing them carefully and dumping all their contents into another one of his sacks, which consisted mostly of candy or fruits or both. \"He emptied all the contents of both stockings into the sack, all fruits and desserts, and maybe some non-edible nick-knacks. As of that, both stockings were left completely bare, and he hung them back up, as if St. Nick never visited there.\" He then sneaked behind the tree, with a greedy grin, staring at the cookies hung on the tree as ornaments. \"That woozle saw some of Kanga's cookies hung on the tree, and hence, While still there, He swiftly swiped every last cookie ornament!\" With great speed, Stan grabbed every last cookie ornament off the tree and stuffed them in one of the sacks. A while later, the sacks were thrown up the chimney and each landed on the roof. \"And after Stan cleaned the food out of their refrigerator, as well, He stuffed all them in bags, like the others, one by one in a manner very swell. The next thing that happened is the woozle, very nimbly, stuffing every bag, one by one, up the chimney.\" The woozle came up out of the chimney, peeking over the edge, and whistling to Heff and Francisco, who prepared themselves to catch the bags, and then Heff managed to catch one of the bags, while the other sacks were thrown right onto Francisco. Any pots contained in the bags remained not cracked, most likely due to the soft snow the cat was standing on. Soon, the thieves and Francisco made it to another house of one of the Hundred Acre animals, this one belonged to Rabbit. The Santa-dressed woozle and elf-dressed heffalump hopped out of the sleigh, and grabbed some sacks. \"Rabbit's home was the next house on the two foes' thieving route, They plan to steal every one of his delicacies, without a doubt\" The two found a ladder and climbed to the roof, then Heff eagerly made it to the chimney and prepared to get in, but due to his massive girth, he got stuck, with his top half sticking out. He grunted, trying to get himself unstuck, while Stan groaned in annoyance, as the woozle walked over to the chimney and got out a plunger he had with him in the sleigh, stuck it on his colleague's head and pushed down hard on him a couple times. He even jumped on the plunger with his feet a couple times, and soon, Heff was unstuck as he began sliding down the chimney, taking Stan with him, and they both landed with a big thud. The noise was loud that Rabbit, who was in his bed, heard it and was muttering in his sleep, but went back to sleep. Stan saw no one was coming, as he turned to his colleague and shushed him in annoyance. \"Sorry, Stan, I can't help my water weight. It always goes right to my waist.\" Heff apologized sheepishly. The woozle said, \"Enough of that now, we gotta get to the kitchen, with no time to waste!\" So the two crept menacingly to Rabbit's kitchen. \"Then the two crept up to Rabbit's refrigerator,\" Stan opened the fridge and he and Heff gazed in delight at all the goodies Rabbit had packed in there, and began cleaning out all food like mad. \"And they commenced their 2ND refrigerator raid. They stole Rabbit's freshly-grown veggies, and even his lemonade.\" As the two continued cleaning out the fridge, they threw all non-food items in the sacks. Stan even got out a turkey, raising his eyebrow symmetrically at the readers. \"They also pilfered his turkey, his figgy pudding, his berries, And a special ice-cream parfait sundae, Hold the cherry.\" Heff managed to grab a big parfait ice cream sundae from the freezer, resulting in the cherry to fall off and remain there, until he sucked it up with his trunk. \"It wasn't long as they cleaned out Rabbit's entire refrigerator, Why those two fiends even took his dish of sweet po-taters!\" Yes, Stan and Heff even took out the last item, which was a dish of sweet potatoes, covered in marshmallows, and with that, the whole fridge was empty. A bit later, after stealing and stuffing food from the stockings into their sacks, the two threw the sacks, along with the sacks containing the food no longer in the fridge, up the chimney, as they landed on the roof. \"Then they stuffed all the food in sacks up the chimney with glee\" \"And now\" Stan said, turning to his assistant. \"Grinned that woozle.\" \"Let's make off with all that rabbit's honey!\" The two then made it to the closet where Rabbit kept his honey pots stashed in, and managed to put them all in the sack, one by one. After stuffing them all in, the two prepared to head to the chimney. \"They were to head to the chimney, and stuff up the bags, when they heard a tiny voice letting out a small...\" \"Ahem,\" said a small female voice, to the two's alarm. \"Eeek!\" The two quietly yelped, as they set down the bag gently and nervously turned to who was in the room responsible for the voice, and that was a certain bluebird. Yes, it was Kessie (who was woken up earlier by the noise probably), looking at the two curiously and saw the honey pots sticking out at the top of the bag. The two villains were caught in the act! \"They saw Rabbit's little adopted bird, Kessie or Kessie Lou-Hoo, as Tigger called her, staring at the two, And she asked, with a curious twinkle in her eyes...\" The little bluebird asked the two, \"Santa, why are you and your unusually big elf taking all our honey pots? Why?\" For some reason, she couldn't tell it was really those two, but that an elf like Heff would be bigger than elves usually are, but probably because she was too young. The woozle and heffalump looked worried as they bit their nails (well, if Heff had any), knowing they were in a tight spot. \"Well, those two had to think of a lie to get them out, And had no time to stall.\" Then a light-bulb appeared over each of their heads, making them smile as they both got an idea. \"Then they both thought up a lie, And in hardly any time at all.\" Heff then blurted out, \"Duh, Brave is the best Pixar movie yet!\" This left the bluebird confused at what the dummy said. The annoyed Stan elbowed the heffalump, while scowling, \"No, no, no, you nitwit! I'll handle this!\" Yes, the woozle has a much more convincing lie than that statement Heff just said. The woozle straightened himself and cleared his throat, before smiling and trying to act jolly like Santa himself as he said in the best Santa impersonation he could do, \"Haw haw haw! Why, it's quite simple, my sweet little birdie,\" The narrator said, \"The Santa impostor woozle lied.\" \"One of the pots has honey leaking through some cracks at one side. So, my elf and I are taking them back to the workshop for inspection and fixing too, We'll fix the cracks in the pots up there, and bring them all back, good as new.\" Kessie smiled, to the two's relief, as the woozle patted her head. Looks like she actually believes the two are Santa and his elf trying to help fix some cracks in the pots. \"And the white lie fooled the child, and the woozle patted her head,\" Heff was able to get some birdseed and a drink, before the two waved her hand, gesturing her to go back to bed, so she flew back into Rabbit's bedroom whom she was sharing with. \"Then they got her some bird seeds and a drink to go with, and sent her to bed.\" A bit later, after making sure Kessie was back into bed and sleep, they closed the door, not waking her or Rabbit up. \"And when the two scoundrels saw she was in bed with her cup and bag of bird seed,\" They smirked evilly as they went back to the chimney and shoved the bag of honey up the chimney, which landed on the roof. \"They crept to the chimney, and stuffed up the bag of that sticky golden feed.\" After getting out of the house (via the window so Heff wouldn't get stuck in the chimney again), Stan was strapping the sacks down so they wouldn't break free. \"Heff, then suggested...\" Heff said, \"Deugh, hey, Stan, stealing honey and treats are fun and all, But I know a way to extend our yuletide haul!\" \"The woozle queried,\" \"What'd that be?\" Stan asked in his normal voice. Heff explained, \"Well, maybe we could steal the stuff they have that's all Christmas-y, Like all their trees, mistletoe, stockings and presents.\" Stan pondered a bit before smiling at his friend's idea and exclaimed to him, \"Of course! We'll REALLY stick it to 'em that way and make their Christmas unpleasant! Once again this Christmas, you have had brilliance struck in your tiny cranium and have given us better luck!\" Stan and Heff chuckled greedily while rubbing their own paws together, before Heff stopped, asking stupidly, \"Duh, how am I brilliant again?\" The woozle groaned in annoyance again, so typical of his partner to forget another one of his own plans! \"So after discussing Heff's second plan multiple times, They have now installed a new step in their Christmas crime! It's not just the honey and other food they will plunder, But also every present, tree and Christmas decoration everyone has...\" Stan remarked to finish the narrator's sentence, \"And we do not intend to blunder!\" They decided to go back into Rabbit's house to save a trip, and they both carried empty sacks on their backs ready to steal anything Christmas-related from his house, including presents the real Santa left for Rabbit and Kessie. \"So, with not a lot of time killed, They stuffed the tree and decorations, With superb skill. They also packed away the presents St. Nick left, as you can bet,\" During the present-robbing, Heff used his trunk to brush away a tea set resembling Mrs. Potts and the cups from \"Beauty & The Beast\" into the sack. \"which included Rabbit's newly-received and fine tea set.\" The two thieves, with Francisco helping pulling the sled and keeping the sacks down, continued their Christmas thievery spree all around every home, stealing every tree, decoration, present and food from every Hundred Acre Wood animal, as we see a montage of each robbery. \"It wasn't long before those two were robbing every last furry creature from the Hundred Acre Woods. They stole every last decorated Christmas feature, from trees to mistletoe to garlands to wreaths, as well as trinkets, trappings, ribbons and little artificial holly leaves.\" We now see a montage of Stan and Heff stealing food and presents from every last Hundred Acre Wood animal, including but not limited to a ball, jacks, a kite, skateboards, toy race-cars, toy versions of the Seven Dwarves, Mickey Mouse, Nessie, a monster named Sulley, as well as figurines of a mermaid named Ariel, a candlestick, a clock and a genie's lamp. \"You can also wager they robbed everyone else of their gifts and food, And here are who some of who they robbed, just to name a view.\" We see glimpses of the presents being stuffed in the sacks during the foes' visits, while the narrator named them. Some of them we see with the animals asleep, unaware that they were being robbed. \"The squirrels were being deprived of their acorns, Piglet was deprived of his new earmuffs and hay-corns. Tigger of his toys with springs And anything else he had in those packages tied up in strings. Owl his new books, Gopher his new underground gear And poor gloomy Eeyore will not see any gift this year.\" The two, and reluctant Francisco, had even robbed Eeyore, who was sleeping in his house, which he managed to get back up, totally unaware of the three's presence. However it wouldn't have mattered, because as Stan and Heff got in the sleigh, and the woozle made a whip cracking sound to signal Francisco to pull the sleigh away from the area, the sleigh accidentally hit the house in the process, knocking them all down...again, making Eeyore shiver a bit from the cold. We see them also stealing a present from a sleeping Beaver in his dam, and a sleeping Skunk in his home. \"They swiped a case of toothpicks Beaver got from St. Nick, And stole a present from Skunk, leaving his home very quick.\" Yes, they had to leave to avoid Skunk waking up and spraying them with his odor. Next, we see them back in Kanga and Roo's house, stuffing their decorations and presents in more sacks of theirs. \"They even stole presents that belonged to Kanga and Roo,\" We see the two fiends now robbing a certain bear's house of his decor, presents, and treats, but most of all...his honey, stuffing them in sacks as well. \"Not to mention, gifts and honey from our sweet lovable bear, Winnie the Pooh.\" Pooh, meanwhile was sleeping in his bedroom, while muttering in his sleep, \"Sweet honey...\" \"And before they left Pooh Bear's humble home, they even sneaked away Buster's special Christmas dog bone.\" Yes, Stan managed to steal Buster's dog bone wrapped in a bow from the sleeping puppy. Notes: What Heff said about Brave was a reference to Thurgood Stubbs's off-topic lie in the Christmas episode of The PJ's that spoofed the Grinch story. If some of you don't know that show, it's a stop-motion cartoon for adults, starring Eddie Murphy. Since there are often references to other Disney films in most of Disney's work, as well as Pixar's, I thought of including some in this story, such as toys of the Seven Dwarves, Ariel, Sulley, and Mickey, as well as cameos of the Beast/Adam's servants' objects forms and Genie's lamp. Now, yes, Kessie was older when she first met Stan and Heff, so this would be messing with the continuity, but then again, Disney's made some continuity errors in the Winnie the Pooh franchise themselves.[Chapter 4] It is nearing daybreak, and both Stan and Heff have their sleigh stuffed to the brim with oversized bags of their ill-gotten haul. The residents are due to wake up at any given minute now. \"It was near daybreak, And so far, not a single animal is awake. Before anyone could arise, They had to make their escape, With all their ill-gotten gains Of every different size, color and shape.\" Stan got out his whip and hit Francisco with it, making him yelp as he started pulling away from that part of the woods like the wind, to the point of burrowing deep in the snow to the point of only his antler being visible in the snow. Of course, Francisco kept pulling the sled and villains out of the area. Realizing that they were barely getting anywhere, Stan pushed Heff out of the sled and made him co-pull the sleigh as well. Eventually, the sleigh stopped near a gorge distanced from the homes. The woozle then hopped off the sled, dancing around with victory. He's stolen everything his enemies loved, including the honey, and now THEY'LL be the ones suffering in defeat. The narrator said, \"Whilst stopping near a gorge, Stan felt as his victory was to finally dawn.\" Stan said slyly to his sidekicks, \"Just imagine their reaction, boys, when they find out all their stuff is gone. They're getting up now, those pathetic jerks. First, they'll be stunned, and then, cue the waterworks.\" Back in the Hundred Acre Woods, all the animals all awoke to find their food, decorations and presents all had been stolen. They all ran out of their houses, with most in their pajamas, shouting and panicking like mad. The narrator then continued, \"In the woods, though no waterworks were triggered as Stan had thought, Everyone woke up, panicking in alarm, devastation and distraught! Tigger cried...\" \"We was robbed!\" Tigger panicked. \"With Kanga inquiring,\" \"Who would steal from us without any respect?\" Kanga asked. \"Then Rabbit concluded abruptly,\" \"It must be the Pack Rats who are the prime suspect...s!\" Rabbit declared to everyone, suspecting the Pack Rats, the rat trio who have taken stuff from the animals in the past, were the culprits. \"Well, I was close to the rhyme.\" \"Owl interjected,\" \"No, Rabbit, it can't be, they always leave a walnut in the stolen object's place. Whoever stole our belongings have not left a trace,\" explained Owl. Yes, Stan was even smart enough to brush out sleigh tracks from the snow as they left the house. The Pack Rats then hopped up and down, chattering in panic as the narrator said, \"Yes, the Pack Rats explained That they were robbed of their treasure, their walnuts. They were not the thieves this time, No questions, if's, and's, or but's. They all felt miserable from losing everything, From their gifts to their wreaths, And they could not find the trail Connected to the thieves.\" The downheartened animals hung their heads and began to head into their respective homes, ready to face a disappointing Christmas. As Roo then hopped aboard a mound of snow, the narrator continued, \"Then little Roo spoke up...\" Roo spoke to everyone, \"Now wait, everyone, maybe we don't need those things To remind us of all the heartfelt goodness That the Christmas season brings. After all, Christmas isn't about the fun gifts and treats Or lights we hang up year after year, It's about spending time with our friends and families, Everyone we hold dear.\" All the animals were moved by Roo's speech. They had briefly forgotten what Christmas was REALLY about, but what Roo had just established reminded them. They all had warm smiles, and Tigger was so touched by the words from his little hopping buddy, he wiped away a tear. \"And when hearing the little Roo's moving speech, Tigger wiped away a little tear.\" Where the thieves were, Stan awaited to hear the sound of sadness to travel all the way to where they were. \"Meanwhile, Stan and Heff stood there, awaiting to hear The sounds of their victims' devastated tears. Then they did hear a floating from the distance, And the sound of sadness he hoped for was nonexistent.\" Stan and Heff were confused to hear the sounds of singing. In the woods, the animals were standing together, holding paws and singing a reprise of \"Christmas Comes Tomorrow\". \"They had heard a sound of joyful singing, and not one of the animals cried or wailed. It seems as though the two foes' mission for revenge has ultimately failed. Every animal friend whom Pooh Bear knew, the tall and the small, Were singing, without any presents at all.\" Stan stood in the snow with anger. How could this be happening? He and Heff stole their honey and Christmas items and they're still happy! How is that possible? \"How could this happen?\" Stan asked in disbelief. \"The flabbergasted woozle asked in disbelief.\" \"I thought for sure once we'd steal their stuff, They'd be sad and we'd be even and in relief.\" Then Heff winced, getting a weird feeling in his brain. It's as if the dumb heffalump was receiving an epiphany. \"Then a strange feeling was felt inside Heff's brain, It seemed he was thinking, miraculously again. And with Heff, Well in the Hundred Acre Woods, they say...\" We then see an X-ray appear over where Heff's brain was, and it had a hole in it, but we see it shrinking, as the narrator continued, \"That the hole in his head shrank three sizes that Christmas day. Then he said to his colleague...\" The x-ray disappeared as Heff spoke to Stan, \"Duh, Stan, I know you seem sore, But I just thought of something That I hadn't thought before.\" \"You remembered your own name?\" Stan asked dryly. \"No, it's maybe that Christmas isn't about honey and lights galore But maybe Christmas, perhaps, means a little bit more.\" Francisco, warmed by what Heff said, had a warm smile grown across his face. Stan, however, was not moved by Heff's words. The narrator said, \"But the woozle objected...\" \"Well you can keep that mushy family crud, you hapless fat elf! I've waited too long for the honey, And I'll enjoy it even if I have to myself!\" Then Stan started to grab the sled and pull it away from the area, when one gift fell out of one of the sacks, to Stan's notice. It seemed rather bulky-looking and round, and it had a card attached to it. The narrator then explained, \"Then a gift fell out from the sacks, One wrapped, bluky and round. The woozle crept up to the wrapped object, And he especially found A little message attached to the front. Although Stan thought this was absurd, He picked up the gift's note and had read it, Read the whole note, word for word.\" Stan picked up the note and started reading its words, \"To Stan Woozle, who may seem like a crook And one of the crummiest thieves in the book. However, some of us feel he's just misunderstood, And hopefully that this present will do him good. I hope that this will lead him and Heff down the right way, And that they shall have a rather pleasant holiday.\" \"And the woozle was even surprised further to see what was at the card's end.\" \"Merry Christmas from Winnie the Pooh and his friends.\" Stan began to feel touched that inspite of the trouble the two gave Pooh and his friends in the past, the good animals would give him a Christmas present. So he unwrapped it and the present turned out to be a honey pot. \"He was surprised at one of the gifts he had taken was to him from them, And also at the fact that it was his most long-coveted and craved item. It was a honey pot, and as reaction, the woozle began to employ Some new tender feelings as that of a touched youthful boy.\" Stan had a new warm feeling inside him he's never had before, and something else rare has happened: he started to smile warmly, and tears of joy began to fill in the bottoms of his eyes. \"He even began to process tears of joy,\" the narrator concluded. However, the moment was interrupted when the sled began to drift off the edge, about to plumett into the gorge below. Stan, Heff and Francisco quickly noticed, gasping in alarm as Stan put his honey pot down and they rushed to the sled's back, trying to pull it back and stop it from falling. The trio's feet dragged as they struggled to keep it from falling. \"Unnnnggghhh!\" the trio moaned, straining from pulling the heavy-weighted sleigh. \"Then, with the true Christmas spirit still in their minds, Stan and Heff soon adopted the strength of ten heffalumps and woozles combined!\" Yes, thanks to their newfound Christmas spirit, Stan and Heff were able to gain strength enough to hold the sled above themselves with Francisco holding on as well. They actually saved the Christmas stuff and honey before it was too late! Now it's time to return the stolen goods. The sled began to slide all the way back to where Pooh and his friends live, with Heff playing his nose joyfully like a trumpet. \"And so the two whizzed with their load through the bright morning light, Finally with their spirits so high and bright!\" They arrived back to where Pooh and his friends were, with some animals moving out of the way for the sled to slide to a complete stop. Stan and Heff smiled as they and Francisco gave back the decorations, presents, food and honey they stolen to everyone. As this happened, the narrator said, \"When returning to the animals, they brought back the honey To Pooh Bear, Kanga, Roo, Owl, Gopher, and even the bunny. They also brought back the toys, trinkets, trappings, and figurines. Brought back their wreaths, stockings, doilies, and trees. After explaining all that happened, the two had apologized for the deeds, And Pooh Bear and his friends forgave and let them join, in deed. The two even brought back the food, mostly the ones for the feast.\" Later, the two passed out stocking stuffer treats to everyone around, including Francisco. \"And they, themselves, Stan and Heff, passed out the best treats. Christmas time is here now You feel it in the air With friends, and songs, and families, and laughter everywhere It's Christmas time A special time, a mystifying time A satisfying time An absolutely positively electrifying time Christmas time is finally here\" As Stan and Heff kept passing out treats, the camera moves back all the way to outside, and even pulls back far enough to give a whole view of the Hundred Acre Woods with snowflakes falling as the holiday continued. The End \"In Memory of Chuck McCann (1934-2018)\" ","Summary":" Note: Hello, all, it's July, the hottest month of the year and a time where some fans do Christmas "},{"Movie":"Winnie the Pooh","Title":"Forever and Ever","Author":"875265","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12907146","Passage":"[Chapter 1] At long last, our time with our favorite characters deep in the Hundred Acre Wood the time has come to an end. 'Twas for the best. And it was not that the people of our world necessarily wanted to grow up. But without old how can there be young? Without father, how can we have son? Ever since— Excuse me, Mr. Narrator? I think I'll take it from here. Oh, forgive me. Go right ahead. Thank you. Tucking in my shirt and smoothing down my jacket, I took a final look at myself in the mirror. I checked my watch; the train would be leaving in twenty minutes. I had a special appointment. I said I would come back every weekend, but days at the boarding school stretched and flew by, and dare I say I actually started to have fun. But soon after that I graduated and then I went right into college and then work and the years went by and by… One day I looked in this same mirror and found that I was twenty-eight. When did that happen? The other day, as a matter of fact. It was then that I knew what I must do. My last year of school, I met a lovely woman named Lesley and she asked me to leave for Dartmouth with her. Halfway across the country. Unfortunately, physical distance meant nothing anymore, as lately, it had been getting harder and harder to close my eyes and remember everyone's faces. My friends; Eeyore and Piglet and Rabbit and Tigger and Owl and Gopher and Kanga and Little Roo. But most of all Winnie the Pooh. My stops at the Hundred Acre Wood had been growing less and less frequent throughout the years, so I woke up one day and resolutely decided I had to do something. The right thing. And I thanked my lucky stars that I had one last chance.[Chapter 2] The instant I set foot inside the Hundred Acre Wood, I was enveloped. It all came flooding back to me. The sounds, the smells, the memories of a child. Pretty soon, Kanga and Roo, Tigger and Rabbit, Eeyore and Owl, Piglet and even Gopher came bounding out from beyond the hill. \"Welcome back, Christopher Robin!\" they chorused. They never seemed to notice that I aged; I guess they always saw me as that imaginative little chap. That's who I would always be in this place. \"Hello, everyone… \" \"How was boring school?\" Tigger asked, bouncing in a circle around me. \"Is it really boring?\" I chuckled, thinking of the slackers who snored at the front of the class. \"Some people certainly seem to think so.\" \"Is it better than tigger school?\" \"Tigger school doesn't even exist,\" Rabbit retorted. \"Well, rabbit school doesn't exist either!\" \"I didn't even say it… okay.\" I'd counted in my head; everyone was there. Except. \"Where is Pooh Bear?\" \"I think he got stuck in a tree again, didn't he, Mama?\" Roo asked. \"He's been up there all day.\" Rabbit shook his head. \"That bear is too big. He came into my house earlier and ate everything but the floorboards. Doesn't he have any food of his own? Nope, never mind; he probably ate that too.\" \"Why Christopher.\" Kanga took notice of my face and hopped a bit closer. \"Why do you look so sad?\" \"Because he's not coming back here anymore.\" Everyone gasped with horror at the slow, somber voice coming from the back. \"Why, Eeyore,\" Rabbit said. \"What would make you say such a thing?\" Eeyore shrugged sloppily. \"I was just guessing.\" \"Well don't be guessing anymore.\" \"But it's true.\" My shoulders sagged a little. \"I'm going across the country tomorrow. And I don't think I'll be back. Ever.\" There was a long silence. Owl seemed to puzzle over that word as Gopher's jaw dropped. Anything finite was a mystery to the Hundred Acre Wood, and I guess that's still how I like it. \"Now it really won't be that bad,\" I encouraged. \"I'm going to get married. I'll get a job and pretty soon will be settling down.\" \"Christopher, how wonderful!\" Kanga clasped her hands together with joy. \"Might you even have a child?\" \"Ew!\" Roo shouted then looked up from his mother's pouch. \"Wait, how does that even work?\" \"Uhhmmm…\" Kanga looked at me, laughing nervously. \"Who's my dad?\" \"B-b-b-but you can't go!\" Piglet protested and wrapped himself around my knee. \"Oh d-d-d-dear. What will we d-d-d-do without you?\" \"Who will I talk to?\" Rabbit said, scraping Piglet off. \"Who won't walk the S e area S in S isting I have a S peech di S order?\" Gopher asked. \"Who will instruct me on the ways of life by the mere impact of his intellect?\" Owl demanded. \"Who will scratch my tummy,\" Eeyore said, but it was more like a miserable statement than a question. \"I can do that for you, buddy boy!\" Tigger replied, reaching for his underside. \"No you most certainly won't,\" Rabbit snapped, smacking his hands away. \"He needs to be around someone who makes him feel better.\" Tigger blinked. \"I can make him feel better. I can, I will, I'll, Eeyore want me to spank your butt—?\" \"Guys, please listen.\" I cleared my throat and began again. \"Remember how I told you that sometimes in life, people need to go away? It's part of growing up, is all. And at some point, all friends have to say goodbye.\" \"B-b-but I d-d-d-d-don't want you to g-g-g-go,\" Piglet wailed, bursting into tears and re-attaching himself to my leg. \"I'm gonna m-m-m-miss you!\" \"Oh Piglet,\" I begged, the force knocking me to the ground. \"I'm going to miss you too, very much.\" \"Well hey I'm going to miss him too!\" Tigger chimed in. \"I'll miss him more.\" It was even more heartbreaking to see Rabbit let his guard down. \"Don't forget about me,\" Eeyore moped. \" I'll miss the only sane one here, as well,\" Owl said haughtily. \"Don't leave me behind with these people, Christopher.\" \"I'm a tigger.\" \"We will all miss you, Christopher,\" Kanga said warmly. And that was the part when they all piled on top of me in a colorful, heavy group hug. Eeyore was on my hand and Tigger kept rocking the pile, but I didn't mind. \"Can I come with you?\" Roo's little voice put a lump in my throat, and I had to wait a few seconds to give him an answer. \"It doesn't quite work that way.\" Especially given that the Hundred Acre Wood was not a place you could always reach by train. \"Well, at least promise to think of us when things get, you know, too boring?\" \"Always.\" \"Forever,\" Owl challenged. I grinned. \"Yes, Owl. Forever and always.\"[Chapter 3] I had only hiked for a little ways when sure enough, the silly old bear's legs were sticking out from a high tree, limp like he had stopped resisting a while ago. How he got up there could be a mystery, but I effortlessly climbed up and yanked him down in one pull. I was going to miss this agility, for sure. From us both. The bear patted his round stomach. \"Hoo, thanks, Tigger. I didn't realize you had to climb so high just to get a little bit of… Why, Christopher Robin!\" Pooh's eyes immediately shone. \"What a nice surprise.\" \"Yes, it's me.\" \"I like these surprises.\" \"Honey again?\" \"As always. These bees don't like to share. So I figured I'd help them out just a little.\" Soon Pooh got distracted as jumped up and down, trying to catch an elusive butterfly. \"Mmm…\" I said as I collapsed on my back to watch the clouds. I was stalling, I knew, but I began to laugh. \"Do you remember when you got stuck in Rabbit's house, and we had to wait overnight until you got thin again? Only to have Rabbit push you out, sending you flying into that same tree above our heads.\" Pooh blinked. \"That's exactly what just happened a few hours ago.\" Then this was good; nothing had changed too drastically while I was away. Maybe it never would. \"Wanna walk by the creek with me one last time?\" He turned around, a big smile on his face, that delightfully cheerful laugh. \"Ab-so- lutely!\" Pooh Bear told me about all the time I'd missed and I told him about my days at the boarding school. But before we reached the water, all of a sudden, he looked up at me. \"Christopher Robin; if I recall correctly, did you say last walk to the creek?\" I sighed. \"Pooh Bear… \" I led him to a spot of shade underneath a tree and plopped him in my lap. \"I'm going away for a while.\" \"Again?\" Pooh asked. \"Is this the same while that you were gone when you were away at boring school?\" I chuckled. \"Kind of. Except this while might be… a little while longer… \" \"Hmm.\" Pooh put a hand to his chin. \"Let's see… How long will this while be? For a day this time?\" \"Well, more like. Forever.\" \"Forever?\" He began to pace round and round in a circle with his hands behind his back. \"Bother; that will certainly put a wrench in my plans. How long is forever—a week?\" \"Oh, no.\" Silly old bear. \"Forever as in…\" I chose my words carefully. \"Well, it'll be quite difficult to come back.\" \"Where will you be?\" \"Quite far, old friend.\" \"Then I shall come and visit you,\" Pooh said resolutely. \"No, Pooh, you don't understand.\" Hesitating, I spat it out. \"I just mean that it will be very hard to come back-ever.\" (Even though I had explained the same thing to him three times, I got the feeling that Pooh could not entirely conceive of the word \"ever,\" so I just left it at that.) \"But even though you won't be able to see me, I won't really be gone. I'll always be able to visit this place. Visit you.\" I tapped my temples with both hands. \"In here.\" \"In the sides of your head?\" I laughed, in earnest for the first time since I'd been there. \"In my thoughts.\" \"Well…\" Pooh rocked all the way back and landed on two feet. \"I'm not a smart bear, so I probably won't get how long this 'forever' is. But promise you won't forget me?\" My smile faded. \"I could never Pooh,\" I swore. \"I promise.\" He held out his stuffed arms and I wasted no time going in for a hug. It was so soft in there I never wanted to let go. I just remember holding on for so long that when we pulled apart, I wondered what day it was. Pooh studied me, cocking his head. For a moment, he looked wiser than me and he patted my head. \"Don't have water in your eyes, Christopher Robin.\" I buried my face in the crook of my arm, slightly embarrassed, a bloke my age. But Pooh was never one to judge—and that was what I loved about him—and he held out a paw. \"Let's go get some honey before you have to go again. Let me send you off with a full stomach.\" \"Mm-hmm.\" By that point, I was done talking; I was so choked up that I let the bear lead the way. (\"Let's see if Rabbit perhaps got some more honey while I was away.\") And down the path we went.[Chapter 4] At long last, the orderlies deemed me able to hold Clare in the hospital lobby as Lesley slept. That was great, because after fifteen or so hours of pacing and sweating, fretting and knocking back cup after cup of coffee, I was suited for nothing else. My sweet little girl came into this world in Otterton, September 5th, 1956, and as I looked into her blue eyes I knew there was absolutely nothing I wouldn't do for her. I danced with her, sat with her, walked the halls stopping to catch a glimpse of the sun beginning its journey outside. What a wonderful life we would share together. But who was I kidding? My heart was fluttering like a moth in a cage. I didn't know the first thing about being a father. If only my friends, the ones who helped raise me, were here to guide me, perhaps my mind would be at ease. But I couldn't remember anything about them; hard as I tried. All I could conjure up were their names. It was eight years ago, I believe, that I said goodbye. The faintest traces had gone away of Rabbit and Tigger and Eeyore and Piglet and Gopher and Owl and Kanga and little Roo… but most of all good old Winnie the Pooh. After moving to Dartmouth, it had gotten harder and harder to recollect, to lie in bed and imagine everyone's faces so much that over time, they completely disappeared. I walked Clare over to the window. I had to focus on the light panel on the ceiling in an effort to keep the tears back, because I didn't want her to see me and then get upset. Where have you gone? But I knew precisely where they were. It's not like I had a right to miss them, for I had sold their stuffed likenesses of to the New York Public Library a long time ago, to be enjoyed by American children who neither I or my daughter would ever know. I started to wonder, why if I could entertain Clare with stories of the silly old bear, of his fondness for honey, of his red shirt and rotund belly. If she could smile back at me, doing that little coo of hers. I could raise her the way my father raised me. But then again, maybe not. \"I was a lonely child,\" I began, talking idly. \"I didn't have many friends growing up. My father was always busy and Mother was estranged, so I clung to Nanny. She was always kind.\" I didn't want to Clare to have a nanny, nor did I want pay for one. My job wasn't very generous, but most of all, I did not want her to be so alone. Like me. \"But you're not going to be like me,\" I said aloud. \"You're going to have so many friends you won't know what to do with them.\" Even earlier as I'd watched other fathers running by—some tapping their wristwatches, others holding their children—I couldn't stop myself from thinking that thought I'd buried in the back of my mind for years: Silly old bear. Wouldn't it be nice if you were here? What a wonderful friend for a child. Every single one of them. I had fun, guys. I really, truly did. The light filtered in and swallowed my baby's face as an idea came to mind. Maybe being like my father, her being like me didn't have to be such a bad thing. \"As a matter of fact, when you get old enough,\" I told Clare, \"I have a few people I want to introduce you too.\" ","Summary":" At long last, our time with our favorite characters deep in the Hundred Acre Wood the time has come"},{"Movie":"Independence Day","Title":"Independence Day: The Avenged","Author":"LucaTheDevilCat","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11974179","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The alarm clock beeped its usual tone, Jake Morrison in his middle twenties looked up and turned the alarm off. His forehead covered in sweat from last night's party at the Earth bar. He looked up to see that his room was messy from all the alcohol and friends around especially Marcus Rowan, the Englishman had helped him throughout his adult life after moving out of the orphanage for good. And then of course there's Jim Huntman, the lad from Montreal who befriended him at ESD training alongside Marcus himself, and finally there's Patricia Whitmore, the former first daughter and Jake's secret love interest, he couldn't remember anything last night other than too much beer and a laugh. Suddenly, his phone vibrated, Jake groaned and slumped his hand on the phone and picked it up, it said \"Emergency meeting by Director Levinson, don't be late!\" \"We have to go to work, Levinson's just called an emergency meeting\" he sleepily said to his friends, \"Really?! Now? \" Jim complained rubbing his eyes. Marcus nearly fell of the couch, groaning from the alcohol last night, as it had been after all a long night whilst Jim stood up to get dressed \"What's so important Jake?\" cried Lieutenant Rowan. Jake Morrison lazily got up and walked over to front door to get his shoes, \"Emergency meeting by the director\" he answered simply. The boys eyed at him suspiciously as if this were a joke, but Jakes hurried looks made it clear that this was an emergency \"You can not be serious, David Levinson himself?!\" Huntman nearly shouted, \"Well we better get a move on\" suggested Marcus, and of they went. Their car they used was quite expensive for it's type mostly because it was outfitted with the latest tech, including holographic projectors and VR headsets for those who weren't driving, it was a long ride for humanity after the war of 96. Ever since President Whitmore gave his \"Survival Day\" speech the whole world seemed to follow in his footsteps. Reconstruction of the cities was rough and expensive during the post war years. The US government temporally moved to Columbus, Ohio whilst the UK government went to Manchester. There seemed to be a great depletion of people, money and recourses and it appeared that life wasn't going to return to normal. Food all over the world was rationed with children getting the most nourishment. There was also a death penalty for the simplest crimes such as theft. What used to be elementary schools, churches and shops were now converted to refugee camps, thankfully the Earth Space Defence was created to ensure a united front against a possible future enemy.[Chapter 2] It only took 20 minutes to drive to the conference as much of the pilots in the Legacy Squadron took the time off for the oncoming Survival Day celebrations, there was much anticipation for this moment as there were recent rumours of another attack by the Tentakeln (Name choice for aliens explained later). Jake, Marcus and the rest of the squadron sat down with some worried faces. Truthfully they had every right to be anxious as the ESD recently lost contact with a military satellite orbiting Pluto just 3 days earlier, and if they were to come back, Earth would have to at least be ready to have a fighting chance. The major contributors to the ESD programme included: The United States, China, Russia, The United Kingdom, Japan, India, France and Canada. When the war ended on the 24th of July 1996, there was much worry that the recently defeated alien invaders who survived would take over the Earth the hard way, thankfully Joshua T Adams stopped them before they could build what many scientists called a \"Plasma Drill\" was diving for the Earth's core. Their ruthless fighting techniques, their fearlessness of war and their overwhelming technology and physical strength had what earned them the name Tentakeln which comes from the German word \"Tentacles\" as the Germans were first to encounter a live alien face to face. A German astronomer working for the European Space Agency by the name of Heinz Schulz was chosen to perform an autopsy of the strange body. \"Wow look at those tentacles!\" beamed the scientist in German, unfortunately those were his last words as the alien woke up and killed all people in the operating room, a similar death happened in America with the death of Brackish Okun, this time however he was used as a communicator between the alien and the president, after the incident he never woke up. Jake scanned the room looking for a clue about what was going on, he then noticed his fiancé Patricia Whitmore (Mae Whitman) and Marcus's secret crush Rain Lao. He then eyed Dylan Hiller who was sitting just 6 seats away from him he had multiple confrontations between him but they would have to wait as the ESD Director walked onto the stage. The man cleared his throat as all muttering amongst the crowd came to a halt. \"Uh, good morning ladies and gentlemen\" Everyone noticed he wasn't in his cheerful mood as he went on, \"As you know 22 years ago, a race we like to call the Tentakeln launched an all out attack on Earth, 500-900 million souls perished in this dreadful event. A screen began to show footage of the destruction of the white house, the US Bank tower, the Empire state building, Buckingham Palace and the Eiffel Tower. Everyone in the room looked in horror \"However from that destruction, the UN created the Earth Space Defence Program to protect our precious planet against future threats, now I am aware that there are rumor saying that contact with a military satellite in Pluto's orbit has been lost, well I regret to say that they are true\" Murmurs and shouting began flooding the room and even a few women began crying, even David Levinson was being uneasy , no one in the Legacy Squadron could believe what they were hearing. \"Please report to Area 51 immediately\" ","Summary":" The alarm clock beeped its usual tone, Jake Morrison in his middle twenties looked up and turned th"},{"Movie":"Independence Day","Title":"Mind of the Locusts","Author":"H.G.Wells","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11884609","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Mind of the Locusts (I) From the shadows of the never-ending gulf of space, they came. They travelled through the airless void, all together as one in their floating hive. They slept as one mind while they did so, a whole civilisation laid dormant and hibernating. They were always of one mind. Sleeping together. Dreaming together. Thinking together. Sharing the same memories. Seeing everything that they all saw, knowing everything they all knew. One mind. One race. Undivided. Invincible . The great ship that was their home journeyed on through the endless blackness. The only light came from distant stars and nebulae shining in the cosmic panorama. Viewed from afar, it looked like a black, faceless leviathan, a beast spawned from the darkness of space itself. The destination was always the same. Another world. The next world. Any world - so long as it had food and fuel. The voyage to the next world might take months, years, centuries, even millennia - but it would be completed. Those aboard the ship would sleep for any length of time before the next world was found. The hiveship itself was hibernating, like all those on board. All non-essential systems had shut down, resting until the time came again. None of the power and fuel built up at the last feeding ground was to be wasted. Survival depended on that. Only a few systems that were left functioning during the long journeys between worlds. This included the life-support which kept the whole swarm alive as they slept, the propulsion systems that kept them moving on through space and, most important of all, the navigator. The navigator was a semi-organic mind, a living computer fused to the heart of the ship. It too was part of the great mind of all who lived aboard. It was also the only one of that mind currently awake. The navigator had been bred to direct the ship while the others slept. It kept the hive moving on its endless journey, ensuring that there would be enough power to keep ship and swarm alive throughout the voyage. With due diligence it kept the shields up, protecting the swarm from micro-meteoroids as well as the lethal effects of radiation and cosmic rays, also using the automated defence systems to burn away the odd rogue asteroid or comet in the ship's path. Most importantly, it would keep an eye out for new food. The ship had sensor and scanning systems powerful beyond imagining - enough to sense a ripe new planet many light years away. The navigator kept the homeship on a path to a potential new feeding ground, ensuring the journeys between were as short as possible. Scout ships were dispatched ahead, their pilots awoken before the rest of the hive, in order to locate and probe a suitable world. Their findings would be diligently reported; the scouts would have made a thorough scan of the planet in full, testing the thickness and suitability of the meat on the new morsel. Once the results read positive, the great ship would draw closer. When the ship finally got close enough to the new planet in the swarm's path, a signal would be sent throughout the great mind. Then the swarm would wake. Billions of lights would turn on, bringing the interior to life. Billions of eyes would open, ready for life once more. The swarm would emerge from its slumber. The single, terrible mind which all of its members formed would be filled with the readings of the new world. Of the life that filled it. Then the hunger would come. That crushing hunger, that drove them ever on to new conquests, to new plunder. A hunger that would never end, that would never be satisfied, that had consumed so many stars in its wake. They had been asleep for so long. Perhaps Eons. After all that time they had awoken famished, warriors hungry and ready to do battle once more for new food. This planet was filled with life-giving water. Surrounded by clean, refreshing air. Powered by the rich energy of a burning, shining star. Teeming with life waiting to be processed into abundant food. Heated from within by a raging core of magma and molten metal - all just waiting to be sucked out like a vampire would drain blood from its victim. The swarm needed all of this, and it needed it now. The natives of this world were primitive. Insignificant. Barely out of their lush cradle of a world. They would resist, of course. But they would fail. As so many others, on so many other worlds, had resisted the swarm before and failed. To resist the swarm meant only destruction. The natives were nothing but vermin. Obstacles to food and power, which rightfully belonged to a superior race. Mere pests that infested the new fields of harvest, waiting to be exterminated. The swarm was numberless, united and advanced beyond their feeble comprehension. So many worlds had fallen to them, so many worlds and species consumed. The native vermin would not survive. The main systems of their mothership powered up, readying it for the latest in the long line of countless wars the swarm had waged across the stars. Within the planetoid-sized interior, ships were readied, weapons prepared, warriors marshalled. They would descend upon this world. Cities of vermin would burn, primitive armies would be shattered. This world would be settled, harvested like so many others before it. Then, after many years, all this world had to offer would be gone. The swarm would move on. The Earth would be left a lifeless husk - a barren, airless rock, with only the ashes and bones of its former inhabitants covering the lifeless surface. Flashing forward in time, he strode upon this surface now. Seeing all life drained from it. Seeing the shattered ruins left in the invaders' wake. Seeing all around him the bones of his race, wiped out and consumed like so many others before them. There was nothing here, in this lifeless hellscape of death. It was almost like the surface of the moon - the only difference was knowing this had once been a bountiful world, full of promise. Happening upon a pile of shrivelled corpses, he was drawn to a single one among them. The corpse was emaciated, drained of all fluids and shrivelled, as if the invaders had sucked out all it could offer the same way they had done with the whole planet. Perhaps they fed on the humans themselves as well as the Earth. Yet in spite of all, the face on the corpse was still recognisable. He screamed with horror and despair the moment he saw it. It was the face of his lost wife. February 21st, 2001 US Airspace, en route to Area 51 Thomas Whitmore woke up that instant, his body covered in sweat. Nearly five years now, and he still wasn't able to exorcise his recurring nightmares. He likely never would. \"God damn it...\" Whitmore ran a hand through his sticky hair, cleaning his soaked forehead as he did so. He was back in the real world now - he'd escaped the nightmare. But the escape was only temporary, and he knew it. The dreams would return the next time he slept, as they always did. He slowly reached for a glass of water close to his bed, secured in a cup-holder but still slightly vibrating with the turbulence outside. Simultaneously, he swung his legs to his right and sat up on the side of the bed, breathing heavily. The tormented man took a large sip of the cool water, sending it down his throat with a glug. He felt the drink cool his body as he returned to caressing his aching lobes. However much he tried, he couldn't banish the images he had seen in his sleep moments ago. Feeling those memories while awake was just as bad as living them in a dream. Whitmore had so many painful memories from the events of '96, so many ghosts that he wished to stay away but knew would always return. Cities of slaughtered innocents that he kept telling himself he should have evacuated, always cursing himself for his indecision that fateful July 2nd. Those young pilots he'd fought alongside, who had fallen in defence of their planet. The wounded face of his daughter, her innocence forever shattered along with that of the rest of humanity. Then the tearful face of his dying wife, Marilyn Whitmore. Thomas was grateful that he had been reunited with her before the end - another debt to one Colonel Steven Hiller that he would never be able to repay. But she had died in his arms - and he, who people always believed to be the most powerful man in the world, had been unable to save her...the pain from seeing her face in his mind was unbearable. There was one other face, though, that rivalled the face of his lost wife. One he saw in his dreams far more. This face did not stir sorrow or anguish in him. Only revulsion and fear, an overpowering anger combined into a burning hatred that would never die; for that face and everything it's kind had done to him, to people all over the world. It was the face that had personally given him these damned nightmares, this mental hell he was forced to journey through for the rest of his life. The face of the alien pilot who had tried to escape Area 51, who Hiller had shot down and taken prisoner that July 3rd. The dark, soulless eyes of the monster who had telepathically raped his mind, filling it with these images that plagued Whitmore to this day...those eyes would appear at the beginning of every one of his nightmares. The eyes would then suddenly light up - Whitmore would see them as clear as light of day - and then he would hear Dr. Okun's possessed voice echoing once more, before the images he'd received from the mind-rape came again. \"No peace...die...die...\" Whitmore guessed it was a small introduction from the author of those visions. A telepathic implant, a reminder that the aliens had not taken Earth, but they had left Whitmore, his people and the whole planet permanently scarred. Not even the President of the United States came out unscathed. They would be in his mind forever, an invasion just as brutal as their attack on the planet. Guess they won there , Whitmore though bitterly. They lost Earth - but my brain's the consolation. The aircraft shook with the turbulence once more, forcing Whitmore from his thoughts. He couldn't have been more grateful, and felt even better when the bedside phone rang. Anything to distract me. Get me the hell out of my head... He picked up the phone. \"Hello?\" \"Good morning Mr President. We're approaching Area 51 now.\" Whitmore took the news from his secret service bodyguard calmly. It was good to know they were close to landing; the former Marine pilot and commander-in-chief had developed a phobia of flying as a passenger, ever since the narrow escape from Andrews Air Force Base during the aliens' first attack. Another unwelcome scar from the invasion. Yet the announcement did little to ease the sense of dread of what he would have to face soon after landing. An ordeal that only now, a month after ending his term of office, he had agreed to undertake. \"Thank you George. I'll be right down.\" He then put the phone back in the holster, sighing and caressing his head once more. Almost everyone had begged him not to go through with this. It had been out of the question when he was still in the oval office, in those uncertain years after the aliens' defeat. The nation needed its commander-in-chief intact - it didn't help that at the time he had already been suffering the after-effects of the violent mental contact with the downed alien. Now that he had left the White House, Whitmore was free to go through with the process that faced him at his destination. Yet still he had been urged against doing so. General William Grey - now the serving President - ever-loyal and concerned for his old friend's safety, had practically begged his predecessor to walk away from it. \"We still don't understand what happened in that lab - what in the hell it was they did to you!\" Grey's face had been torn with emotion - something Whitmore would never have imagined with the iron-clad general. \"You don't know what might happen !\" Thomas smiled at the thought of Grey. Tough as nails, no-nonsense, loyal to a fault - that was the General William Grey he knew and loved. During the Gulf War, Grey had been one of Whitmore's high-ranking superiors - it had been something of a leap to have him as a subordinate in the White House. But he had adapted to the change with a dedication that was nothing short of admirable. When the aliens arrived and began their attack, he had been a stable and reliable presence by the president's side. Whitmore knew that he couldn't have lasted those days without him, and could never repay him for his efforts. Though the former head of US Space Command had been a key figure during the War of 1996, he also played an even larger role in the post-war administration and reconstruction. He'd helped to co-ordinate the rebuilding efforts not just in the United States, but throughout the world. The Grey Plan had stimulated this endeavour, ensuring America did its part in building the new world that would follow the near-extinction of the human race. Already Grey was being praised by commentators across the world as the present generation's George Marshall or Dwight D. Eisenhower. Now he was at the helm of the nation, with Thomas knowing he couldn't have left his office in more capable hands. Which made going against his advice all the more painful. Thomas had convinced the newly elected President Grey - firmly against the latter's better judgement - to permit his journey to Area 51, along with his participation in this latest project of the burgeoning Earth Space Defense program. Whitmore had put all of his diplomatic effort after the war to unite every government in the world. He had fought to ensure that the ESD became a reality. For that reason he was fully committed to the continuation of their research, for there lay the keys to humanity's survival. Now, he was about to do more than secure them another huge slice of public funding. For this project, he was ready to risk his own life. The plane touched down with a bump. Within a few seconds of landing, Whitmore emerged from his berth, fully dressed. He gazed down at the first pair of eyes that greeted him. \"We're here daddy.\" Patricia, his only child. Now eleven years old - yet Thomas could tell that the events surrounding the loss of her mother had forced her into growing up lightning fast and far beyond her years, reaching an unnatural level of maturity. Now that he was officially retired he almost felt like his little girl had become the grown-up woman in his life, the personal carer that kept him out of trouble. Not even she had been able to talk him out of this. But he hadn't been able to talk her out of being here to support him, to stand by his side. \"Thanks munchkin.\" Even as she grew, Thomas knew he would never throw that nickname away. Patricia didn't mind - but her face was still filled with heartfelt worry. \"Dad, you know you don't have to do this. It's not too late to pull out.\" He looked down at her, trying to put on a brave face. His daughter had lost so much at six-years old. Now there was a chance she would lose everything she had left. \"This is something I have to do, honey. I'll be fine. Don't worry.\" She stepped forward, her hand grasping his own. Though it was much smaller, her grip felt like iron. Her glazing, watery blue eyes gazed deep into his. \"Promise me that.\" By the time Thomas could bring himself to respond, his voice was so strained to a whisper that he could barely hear himself. \"I promise, munchkin.\" He couldn't fathom any other response to give. Area 51, Nevada, United States of America ESD Deputy Director and Head of Research David Levinson watched the VIP jet touch down on the obscure runway of the Groom Lake Weapons Testing Facility, better known as Area 51. Major Sanchez, Mitchell's successor following the latter's promotion, stood ram-rod straight by his side, together with a honour guard of soldiers. But even his military mask couldn't hide the anxiety everyone on base felt about the upcoming experiment. The former president's jet didn't waste time in taxiing into a parking position. Within moments, a gangway was prepared and the cabin door opened. The Whitmores, both the former president and his eleven-year old daughter, sallied forth. The latter stuck to her father like a second shadow, keeping his hand in a firm grip as she lead the ex-POTUS down the steps. David could only imagine what she would become once she reached adulthood. Former President Thomas Whitmore had left office just last month - yet the strain of his term in power clearly manifested itself to a point where he was starting to become physically unrecognisable. David still remembered the sight of the cocky-looking young senator he'd brawled with after catching him with Connie one fateful afternoon, the photos of the poster-boy fighter pilot from the Gulf War, the idealistic young politician in all those speeches, debates and campaign ads. The youngest commander-in-chief since John F. Kennedy, Whitmore had certainly looked the part in the first year of his presidency. But the horror of the invasion, along with the strain of running a devastated country and helping to rebuild a devastated world, had visibly taken a heavy toll on him. David could see that blotches of Whitmore's finely combed, slick hair was now gaining streaks of silvery grey. His once smooth, immaculate forehead was now wrinkled with several crease lines. Salt and pepper-coloured stubble was forming across his chin. His eyes were now old and tired, sinking into their sockets and ringed with dark circles, almost permanently bloodshot. His eyes and posture still held the same confidence he always did - but he moved as if he were already two decades older. All this, and the man was still only in his late forties. Add to that having his mind violated by a hostile alien intelligence - not for the first time, David did not envy him. He still tried to look the part of a strong politician, decked out in his smart suit and tie. He put on the image well, as a now-veteran politician. But David knew he was looking at a man who had suffered heavily. The Whitmores strode down the gangway stairs, crossing the tarmac to where Levinson and the soldiers waited. David adjusted his glasses in a final effort to make himself as presentable as possible. Fortunately, Whitmore was in an informal mood. \"Good to see you again David,\" he greeted, shaking his hand. \"You seem to go from strength to strength each time we meet.\" Then, he let out a low chuckle before lowring his voice to a conspiratorial whisper. \"But there's always room to move higher.\" However often David tried, he could find little, if any relation to his life before the invasion and after. Before, he'd been - in Connie's own words - 'chronically unambitious', a high-scoring MIT graduate content to live as a humble cable repairman. He'd been getting good pay from a low-profile job, and even the fact he'd almost lost a marriage over that decision hadn't bothered him. He didn't see how helpful he could be in a place higher than Compact Cable. Then the invasion had come. Like the whole human race, David had been brutally forced into change. At Whitmore's insistence, he had become heavily involved with the Earth Space Defense program, right from its creation. It was probably the biggest career jump in history, but he'd accepted it with no second thoughts. \"Now he gets ambitious\", Connie had said. But it wasn't personal ambition that drove him now - it was the desire to make the full use of his knowledge and ability to ensure the planet and humanity had a chance of survival in the future. Humanity needed to be able to meet the second challenge from the invaders, when it inevitably came. After so many years of drifting, sitting around and chasing his tail - years he now knew he'd wasted - David was committed to making a difference. But he still wasn't ready for the full responsibility. In spite of Whitmore's repeated urgings, he had not taken the job of full director of the ESD. He was content to influence things as best he could from where he was, and that worked well. He wasn't a leader. He couldn't trust himself to be the director of Earth's whole defence system. So, he avoided Whitmore's jab as best he could. \"Thank you Mr President. We're glad to see you too.\" After the invasion's dramatic climax, David's respect for the president had steadily increased in the years that followed. Before, he hadn't understood Connie's belief in the young POTUS. As far as he had been concerned at the time, Whitmore was just another politician - a charming man who promised but never delivered, who preached but never listened. As a humble member of Compact Cable, David had never put much faith in politicians. He'd never voted at all, never mind for Whitmore. Maybe that was one reason why he didn't want to rise to any high places - he didn't want to end up anywhere close to politics, another sore point with Connie. It also hadn't helped that David had seen Whitmore as being partly responsible for that coming divorce. During the worst of the invasion, he seemed like someone who cracked under pressure. Then came July 4th, and David found himself being forced to change his opinion. The president had gone with his plan in the face of objections from the Secretary of Defence and long odds - a decision he still couldn't thank him enough for. The alternative had been to wait until the aliens landed and started colonising the planet for harvest - at which point the plan was to ambush the settling aliens with nuclear weapons. Such a strategy might well have worked - but it would have left the planet poisoned and the human race dead along with the invaders. Whitmore's decision to go with a higher-risk plan had saved the planet, both from the aliens and human desperation. On top of that, he'd lead the defence himself. That proved to David that without a doubt, Whitmore was no ordinary politician. He was glad to assist the president in the post-war effort. He respected Whitmore's latest decision just as much. But still, the danger was beyond question. \"It's still not too late to back out,\" he whispered conspiratorially. \"Not happening,\" Whitmore's reply was filled with iron certainty. \"Let's get to it. It's the only way to find out exactly what they know.\" This was somewhat true - most of the alien databases were still indecipherable, many having being automatically purged in the final moments of their masters' defeat. Whitmore's brain held the largest amount of accessible knowledge on the invaders known to humanity - through that telepathic link the aliens' simple, terrible purpose of stripping worlds of all life and resources had been discovered. Now Levinson and the rest of the ESD scientific leadership wanted to know more. The proposal for what Whitmore was now about to undertake had been made a few months after the War of '96 - but had been rejected because he had still held office and the post-war government wanted to avoid any destabilisation caused by the president's health. Since Whitmore had left office, that risk was removed. The risk to his mental state, perhaps even his life, still remained. But David knew he would not be deterred. \"Right this way.\" Escorted by Major Sanchez, the two men made their way into the bowels of Area 51. Patricia followed, clasping her father's hand as they proceeded together. No matter how many times he visited this place, Whitmore was always amazed by how much this once obscure, non-descript facility had changed following the war. Now the ESD's main centre of operations and research, the construction work and the development of the employees' town around Area 51 had proceeded like wildfire. This was Whitmore's first visit after just four months - and there were plenty of new buildings he didn't recognise. After taking the elevator down, they strode through the same clean room he'd barged into five years ago. They didn't go the hangar this time - the alien attacker had been salvaged following Hiller and Levinson's escape from the mothership and crash-landing in the Nevada desert, but Whitmore had seen what was left of it dozens of times. It was no longer the showpiece of Area 51's collection, anyway - it had since been joined by countless other alien artefacts and debris. There was also a darker secret - one that the ESD had been keen to restrict to rumour in the public domain. On the lower levels, in high-security vaults, there were live alien prisoners under heavy guard and surveillance. It was just one more reason for the increased military presence here. Despite hoping he'd make sure there would be no more secrets, Whitmore had ended up hiding the truth as previous governments had. He would be kept well away from the alien prison vaults - there were too many uncertainties about how deep the telepathic link went. Even so, the aliens would be heavily monitored for possible side-effects while the president underwent the coming procedure. Gaining an observation of their behaviour was decided to be worth the risk of carrying out this experiment here. There were still holdouts in Africa, even five years on; and while their captive comrades were inert most of the time, they displayed occasional bursts of activity. In any case, they could not be trusted. Security had been tightened ahead of Whitmore's latest visit. The party preceded through a narrow corridor that branched away from the hangar, until they finally came to a secure door near the end of the passage. David gestured to it with an inviting hand. \"She's waiting, sir. No turning back now.\" Whitmore nodded. \"I take it you'll be watching?\" \"In the next room, through a two-way mirror. This is as secure as it gets - the ones we captured were interrogated here before we built the holding cells downstairs. If I see anything I don't like in there...\" \"I'm seeing this through, Levinson,\" the president replied, his tone formal enough to make clear he would not be deterred, \"whatever it takes.\" The ESD deputy director nodded, before pushing his key card into the lock and opening the door. Thomas turned to look back at his daughter, who was now looking increasingly distraught. \"Stay in the next room Pat.\" \"Dad...\" \"I'll be fine. David will be there. He'll take care of you. I trust this doctor he's hired - it'll be just like another check-up.\" He clapped his daughter on the shoulder, smiling as confidently as he could. She could only offer a small smile in return - but Thomas looked into her eyes and knew her thoughts were different, same as his. David opened the door, allowing the former POTUS to enter. The room was bare save for the two-way mirror on one wall, a table and two chairs. A typical interrogation room. In one chair sat a primly dressed woman with dark blonde hair tied back, notebook at the ready. A medical officer was also present, tending to a brainwave monitor the president would be hooked up to during this session. All other medical monitoring and recording equipment was set up in the room on the other side of the two-way mirror. Aside from the medic, the president and the woman would be alone during this interview. \"Mr President, this is Dr. Irene Saunders, mental health expert and qualified hypnotherapist. She'll be taking your case.\" Whitmore directed his gaze to the attentive psychiatrist. \"You've done this before, I take it?\" \"With a number of pre-war abductees who survived '96. It was only after all that I started to take their stories seriously.\" \"I just hope you know what it is you're getting into.\" \"I read Dr. Wells' file, sir - and yours. I know what to expect.\" Dr. Immanuel Wells, the original head of the Area 51 research programme and Okun's most prominent predecessor, had been present at the internment of the recovered attacker and its occupants following the Roswell crash of 1947. Like Whitmore, he had also made a telepathic link with the alien hive mind, through the sole survivor of that crash. The link had been severed following that survivor's death - but Wells retained the memories and recorded them in detail in Area 51's files. They now served as a crucial piece of evidence. In contrast to the violence of Whitmore's experience, the creature Dr. Wells interacted with had posed as a harmless and peaceful being, filling his head with soft and calming thoughts. A similar experience had been described by pre-invasion abductees - the aliens had not worn their fearsome bio-armour, had harmed no-one and gave every indication to their test subjects that they were a peaceful species. Wells, however, had come to a different conclusion decades before the invasion of '96. During the mental exchanges, he claimed to have seen a planet the aliens had previously visited - possibly, he speculated, the one where they had obtained the species which they used for their bio-mechanical suits. He had seen visions of that initially lush jungle world becoming a barren wasteland, to the point that the creatures were hollowing out the core for metals and feeding off the mosses and lichens that grew beneath the surface. The Roswell alien claimed to be showing Wells their homeworld - that his people were refugees from a lost world and that he was a simple scientist, like his human 'friend'. But Wells surmised that the once jungle-like environment of the planet he saw would have better supported the species used as an exoskeleton, with its strong limbs and grappling tentacles, rather than the fragile masters within. The alien survivor had insisted that his people came from this planet - but Wells soon worked out that did not mean he was being shown the visitors' homeworld. His suspicions were further raised by the fact that the alien hadn't indicated how the planet was reduced to a barren state. The visitors, he concluded, were conquerors - they'd plundered that world for all it had been worth until the environment had been ruined beyond recognition. They used the looted resources to feed themselves and grow, to manufacture new tools, ships and weapons for future conquests; the bio-mechanical suit was just one of these. Then, they would move on to the next world. Earth. In the decades that followed, Wells had strongly argued that the aliens were hostile. In meeting after meeting at Project Smudge, the main government program surrounding alien phenomena, he had stressed that an invasion was imminent and military preparations had to be made as soon as possible. He even advocated breaking the story to the public, if necessary. His concerns became stronger as it became apparent that most genuine UFO sightings took place over military or other vital installations. The Roswell craft was clearly part of a larger reconnaissance picket, a vanguard tasked with scouting ahead of the main force. Wells was predictably met with opposition. Most officials who were part of Smudge dismissed his views as alarmist, and the few who agreed with him still preferred to keep the aliens' existence under wraps. Furthermore, in the decades after his telepathic experience Wells' health had suffered heavily. He had been diagnosed - as Whitmore had been - with a form of PTSD. It was easy to dismiss his ideas as the ramblings of a lunatic. Wells' direct style in comparison to many of his peers at Smudge, along with his increasingly erratic behaviour, fiery rhetoric and radical beliefs steadily alienated him from that committee. Soon enough, they saw him as a potential threat to the secrecy of the project. This was enough for one Albert Nimziki - then Deputy Director of the CIA - to force his resignation and disappearance in the early 70s. Wells was officially marked as deceased while confined to a mental institution, where he died some time after. Whitmore had read the file on Dr. Wells, had heard of his own visions and trauma. He could certainly empathise easily - but it must have been even worse for that man, to know the terrible truth and not be able to speak it out loud. When he could speak it behind closed doors, no-one wished to hear or believe. The man who had seen it coming had been completely dismissed. His already low opinion of Nimziki became even lower when he read of the circumstances of the 'resignation' of Dr. Wells. Whitmore took himself out of his inner thoughts to look the psychiatrist in the eye. \"You might not like what's in my head. It's hell every time I see it.\" He winced as he remembered the roughly five-second mental download from the alien's mind. It had felt like his nerves were on fire, that his cranium would explode. But what he had seen had helped the human race know their enemy well. Dr. Saunders nodded. \"I knew what they are as much as everyone else, sir. My husband and parents are dead because of them.\" She sniffed, briefly turning her gaze to the floor. \"My daughter is all I have left, now.\" Whitmore frowned. Almost every living human had lost someone to the invaders. He'd met so many people like this - people who reminded him that he was not alone in his losses, who reminded him not to withdraw into self-pity. That was what gave him the resolve to continue. \"Let's get to it.\" Dr. Saunders sat him down and took her position on the opposite side of the table. The ESD M.D. didn't waste time in hooking the former president up to the brainwave monitor. The session was ready to begin. Once again, Thomas Whitmore steeled himself for what was to come. David watched through the two-way mirror in the monitoring room as the session began. Dr. Isaacs, once Okun's faithful deputy and now Director of Research at Area 51 since his predecessor entered a deep coma, stood to his right. Isaacs had his eyes fixed on the monitors that informed the monitoring team inside this adjoining room of Whitmore's vital signs; heart-rate, blood pressure, nerves and most importantly, brainwave activity. Not only did they hope to keep them alive, they also hoped to gain some insight into the nature of the alien hive mind - along with whatever secrets Whitmore's mind rape may have given away to humanity. It was hoped, through hypnotherapy provided by Dr. Saunders, that Whitmore would be able to recover additional memories from the mental link that was believed to still be active. What was on a couple of other screens gave David goosebumps. These screens were linked to security cameras in the alien holding cells. The inmates were also being heavily monitored - their reactions to this interview, if any, would be clearly recorded, along with any change in their vital signs. If they were affected by this session, David and his team would know instantly. Worse, David knew there was a chance if the imprisoned aliens would sense what was going on in here, they might try to stop it. If the readings indicated any telepathic interference on their part in this session, he'd pull the plug. David felt Patricia shuffle nervously behind him. It clearly distressed her, seeing her father hooked up to all those chords and wires. It was taking all of her willpower to allow this to go ahead, and David admired her for it. Hypnotherapy was always a controversial medication. The effect it could leave on the patient's medical well-being was always unpredictable, and in some cases it could leave lasting damage. David didn't pretend to understand hypnosis in full - he certainly didn't understand the procedures that Dr. Saunders was undertaking that very moment. Nevertheless, he did know that hypnosis was instrumental in recovering lost memories - or in this case, memories that were not known in detail. Memories that had been rapidly implanted by a hostile intelligence, compressed like zipped computer files in a high-speed download. It was hoped that hypnosis would open those files, make them viewable - that the president would be able to see all the memories the alien had shared with him in full. It was a tried and tested procedure. Subjects of alien abductions, who had their memories wiped after their experiences, were able to recall the events of their ordeals in full while undergoing hypnosis. The Betty and Barney Hill case came to mind, as did that of Arizona logger Travis Walton, along with so many others. However, these patients went through considerable mental agony during their sessions - the nature of Whitmore's case would make it even more painful. But David trusted Dr. Saunders to carry the procedure through safely. He could see that she was taking it slow, gradually inducing Whitmore into a relaxed, hypnotic state. He could hear her soft voice through the speakers, speaking her lines and asking questions as cautiously as she could, slowly securing her subject with what looked to be a well-practiced procedure. Then she began the questioning. \"Part of your mind is behind a closed door. We're going to open that door - slowly, crack by crack...I want you to tell me what you see...\" Whitmore mumbled something in response - something that didn't register on the speakers. \"Now...what was the first thing you saw on July 3rd, at 3:30 pm?\" Whitmore spoke, his voice steady, eyes closed. He recounted, word for word, his entrance into the vault with the preserved alien bodies. The containment lab on the other side of the glass, obscured by sparks and smoke. Mitchell calling for Dr. Okun in vain over the intercom. Then, with a start, he recalled Okun's body being slammed against the glass. The terror he'd felt in that split-second. The appearance of the alien, alive and conscious. It's demands for release. His attempt at negotiation, rebuffed. Then the mental contact had begun. \"What was the first thought you had?\" Whitmore hesitated. Then he tensed up, becoming straight as a board in a millisecond. Disgust. Hatred. Contempt. Loathing. He felt it bombarding his mind like a sledgehammer, every toxic thought he received desiring his death. Those black eyes lit up with malevolence, filling his mind with the poison. \"Die...Die...\" He was a member of a lesser species - little more than animals. Insects, of no value whatsoever. Insignificant beyond their own pathetic comprehension. There would be no mercy for such worthless vermin - his kind were filthy little things that needed to be exterminated. They contaminated this resourceful world like bacteria, ruining what the swarm needed. There was no other action to take other than to wipe them all out. It was disgusting to even commune with this primitive mind. Humanity would be burned away, city by city, like the filth they were... Whitmore immediately cried out, recoiling from those very first thoughts he'd received from the alien pilot. Even today, they caused his mind to burn with pain with their venom. He nearly burst out of the chair, before he was restrained, steadied and slowly calmed by the medical aide. It took some time before he was calmed enough to speak again. He moaned out the answer to Saunders' question, giving voice to the overwhelming viciousness and malevolence he'd felt from the creature that day. He gave voice to his thoughts, becoming more delirious with each word, speaking over the doctor's attempts to calm him. \"We're nothing to them...nothing...insignificant...we're in their way...no mercy...we're nothing to them...vermin...disgusting...pests...maggots...flies on their food...germs...they want us all dead...we all need to die...\" \"Why?\" \"We're in their way...they want this planet, like all the others...we're next...\" \"So there were ones before?\" Whitmore managed to bring himself under control. He seemed to pull himself through the malevolence that accompanied his telepathic link, like a swimmer struggling from deep water to the surface for air in a storm-racked sea. Finally, he broke through it all, and strained out two words. \"Many...worlds.\" At that moment, Dr. Saunders straightened at Deputy Director Levinson's voice in her earpiece. \"We're not hearing anything we haven't heard already. Try to change tack - ask about those other planets. He's only touched on those before - let's hear more about them.\" The Director sounded so calm, so matter-of-fact. Irene Saunders knew she should probably have expected that, from one of the two men who'd infiltrated the alien mothership in one of the alien fighter craft alone. Yet she could sense his deep concern, and could only imagine how the president's daughter was reacting right now. On the other side of the glass, David was more than concerned. He was terrified, in spite of all his efforts not to show it. The former-president's brainwave activity had spiked dramatically - almost off the charts - in that moment he'd cried out. David had immediately ordered Saunders to calm him by any means necessary. He was just glad that she didn't need to apply any sedative - there was no telling what effect drugs might have on this procedure. Clearly the telepathic link Whitmore possessed in his mind was still very potent. This was also indicated by a much more disturbing side-effect. Surveillance footage of the captive aliens showed them stirring at the moment of Whitmore's outburst - their readings spiked almost in exact parallel. David immediately sent an order for their guards to be put on high alert. Tranquiliser gas was prepared, ready to be pumped into the cells if the captives tried anything. While he was sure they didn't cause that first outburst, David couldn't underestimate what the aliens could be capable of, with their still not-quite-known mental abilities. He was then pulled out of his thoughts by Isaacs, whose face was tinged with concern. \"Do we still risk it, sir? We can't foresee how extreme any other reactions may be...\" \"We go ahead.\" David's voice was final. He then addressed Saunders through the mike of his headset. \"Press on with the questions, Irene.\" He hoped to sound as soft, as human as possible, but this was serious business. On the other side of the glass, Dr. Saunders gazed guiltily at her troubled charge. She felt awful, putting this man through so much pain after he'd suffered so much already. But he was willing to go every step of the way. Irene knew she had to be willing to do the same. \"Tell me about these other worlds.\" Whitmore swallowed. His voice became airy, distant. \"There were so many...\" \"Tell me about some of them. Just a few.\" Then a new thought came to her. \"Were they inhabited too?\" Whitmore's voice rose a little. \"There were battles...battles just like ours...\" \"Describe them.\" Whitmore continued, regaining his voice in full - as he began to unzip his implanted memories. All the time throughout the session, he kept his eyes closed. He seemed to fly through time, with no idea of the timescale of the events he was witnessing. For all he knew, they could be decades, centuries, milennia, even millions of years apart. Nor could he possibly give any idea of the precise locations of where these events took place. The images were too vague - a star here, a nebula there, a planet in between. He could not tell if the invaders had even begun their endless journey through space in this galaxy, the milky way. The worlds they had visited were so numerous, diverse and scattered throughout space that he struggled to tell them apart. All he could say with certainty was that everything he witnessed had happened - every world he saw had existed. He was witnessing memories from the invaders' long and savage history, events preserved for posterity not in the pages of books or manuscripts like humans would, but in their vast communal intelligence as gestalt memories. The memories were preserved so that the swarm could draw on their experience from previous battles, remembering their many victories and massacres. They could all remember the tactics and strategies that lead to those victories, however far back in time - thus keeping their deadly warrior skills sharp as ever. What he saw was a depressing, terrifying indication of the invaders' power and ruthlessness. They had consumed so many worlds - and encountered other species of vermin that opposed them. The thoughts that surrounded the memories of these other races were the same as those directed at humanity. They had also been in the way of the invaders, obstructed their access to new food. In every instance, the swarm had responded with deadly force. He first saw a lush world, covered in a blanket of dense jungle - it looked to be the same world that Dr. Wells had described in his visions. This was confirmed when he saw the same creatures the invaders used for their exoskeletons, using their long arms and tentacles to move through the trees, suspending themselves in the jungle canopy, swinging and leaping from branch to branch like monstrous primates. These beings had no eyes, as was already known from the exoskeletons. They lived beneath a planet-wide jungle thicker than any on Earth; the lower stories beneath the canopy were in near-twilight conditions. The ground floor was in a state of total, perpetual darkness. The inhabitants of this world used a form of echolocation in place of sight, like bats on Earth. Whitmore even saw they had some bioluminiscent features, which they lit up when moving through the jungle's dark zone. The invaders, for whatever reason, did not make use of these in their exoskeletons. The aliens of the jungle world had been primitive when the invaders arrived. They were armed with little more than wooden spears and javelins, which they could multi-wield using their tentacles as well as their arms. They dwelt in looked to be villages, towns of tree-houses, gathered in clans or tribes. By all rights, they should have been an easy conquest - as easy as the natives of the Bahamas had been for Christopher Columbus. Nevertheless, the had put up a fight - the invaders could not use their fire beams for fear of destroying the resources this world bore. Though they had used their smaller attacker craft, they were forced to use ground forces - the latter were frequently ambushed in the dense jungle. Whitmore saw visions of the smaller invaders taking cover as spears rained down on them from the natives in the trees, desperately fighting back with their own weapons and psychic powers, or using what looked to be drones of some sort. He saw with satisfaction that the invaders frequently suffered casualties, dying on the poisoned tips of the native spears, or crushed hand-to-hand by the stronger natives. The natives waged a long guerrilla war, fighting relentlessly. Whitmore could empathise - they had been fighting for their survival of their people and their world, just as humanity had. But it was all for naught; in the end, the superior technology, sheer determination and ruthlessness of the invaders prevailed. Whitmore saw the native villages burning, whole groups of warriors shot down in cold blood, either by the invaders or their automated minions. This world was apparently one of the first to be conquered. Unusually, the swarm acknowledged the fighting prowess of the natives and found a purpose for them other than annihilation. It was then that the greatest gain of this past conquest came to pass - a horrific conclusion that took place before his eyes. As the planet was exploited, with the invaders' colonies fully established on the surface and the jungle slowly giving way to ruined wasteland, Whitmore saw hundreds, thousands of the native beings herded like cattle, coerced by robotic overseers and imprisoned in camps surrounded by crackling energy fields. They were kept in overcrowded conditions, and though the invaders provided them with food it was no more than humans would provide to livestock. Perhaps the natives had thought they were only destined for a life of grim slavery, that their race would survive in spite of everything, even as lowly subjects of their new masters from the sky. They could never have imagined the darker purpose behind their enslavement. The natives were gathered in groups, herded into what looked to be high-tech processing facilities. There they were slaughtered - their bodies gutted, filleted and modified for use. The invaders tried on their new bio-suits, experimenting with the exoskeleton until the design was perfected. From that point on, the natives of the jungle-world became the invaders' livestock - cloned, bred and reared aboard their giant ships like cattle. The invaders left their world behind, another airless rock stripped bare. David listened as Whitmore continued to slowly describe his implanted memories, his voice steady under the influence of the hypnosis. So far, he'd confirmed what had been speculated about the aliens' exoskeletons - their chemical make-up and physiology suggested that separate species came from a humid and wet environment, the kind that you would find in a rainforest. According to cranial analysis of the exoskeletons, they had been an intelligent species in their own right - which supported Whitmore's vision, even though their stage of development had been close to prehistoric humans. Furthermore, the very nature of the memories he was reciting was yet another confirmation that there was little, if any sense of individuality within the invaders' society. Whitmore was clearly not reciting the memories of that one alien pilot. They were shared memories of their whole race, which they experienced as one entity. They were a hive mind, that much was clear. The intelligence level of each individual alien was a matter of speculation. It was possible that they had different castes, with some existing only as simple drones and others bred to have more complex thought patterns. According to analysis of their bodies, they did artificially bio-engineer themselves for different tasks and settings. This helped them to survive both life in space and a planetary environment once they left their low-gravity, low-oxygen home. But David was sure that there were no true individuals within the alien swarm - another sign that they could not be reasoned with. That mothership that had come to Earth had effectively been a single massive organism, bent only on consuming any world in its path. What truly scared David was that, according to Whitmore's memories, they all seemed to feel an overriding sense of hunger - a powerful shared emotion that drove them on. The ESD deputy director had no way of knowing whether this was an artificial emotion engineered to drive them further in battle, a natural feeling they all felt from birth and could never overcome, or whether their population had reached such a point that they were almost always short of food, especially from constantly travelling through space. What was clear was that their entire civilisation now existed only to consume all worlds in its path - stripping them of resources and biomass, then moving on and repeating the process, so that the hive could feed itself and grow. They had clearly been doing this for a very long time, and David considered it unlikely they would ever stop. Right now, he was hearing about those other worlds that had fallen in their path. But had any resisted successfully? As soon as Whitmore had finished talking about the jungle planet, he made sure to remind Dr. Saunders to ask this question. In every battle he saw, the outcome was the same. He saw another world of red skies, scoured by great rivers which produced immense valleys, bordered by snow-capped mountains. Here the natives had reached a roughly post-medieval state, their civilisation boasting fabulous cities connected by an intricate network of paved roads and canals. Their cities were protected by towering curtain walls, imposing fortresses and even primitive gunpowder weapons. Like the natives of the jungle world, these beings were far behind Earth in terms of development, contrary to what science fiction often depicted. Yet Whitmore could see in the magnificence of their marble cities and buildings, with their towering spires and domes, along with the beautiful ships that plied their canals, that they had been a people of much potential. Potential that was now lost forever. In the images of the conquest of this strange world, he saw the blue-skinned natives - roughly humanoid in form but larger, broader and stronger - firing cannons and throwing black-powder bombs down onto the invaders from their castle walls. The natives wore steel armour that made him think of soldiers in the Thirty Years War of sixteenth century Europe, and fought relentlessly to defend their world. He saw them charge the invaders on the ground head-on with oversized swords, pikes, halberds and pipe-like firearms which looked like overpowered riot guns. These large beings had put up a fight, but it had not saved them. The invaders used what looked to be earlier versions of their huge city-destroyers to level the native cities and castles - this seemed to be the first time they had used such devastating weapons. Those fortresses that could not be reached were strafed with single-ships or stormed with ground forces. The outcome was predictable - the planet was stripped bare and the large blue aliens were burned to extinction. Their technology had just simply been too primitive, even more outclassed than humanity's had been. For the invaders, such a battle was like spraying an ant nest. In every instance, there had been no mercy. The invaders had no care or respect for any other lifeforms at all; Whitmore knew this for certain and saw nothing in any of their memories that said otherwise. He could not sense a shred of remorse about the slaughter of so many species, so many unique civilisations. They only saw food and resources to claim for themselves. One memory showed him a gas giant, populated by floating life-forms of immense size, beauty and wonder. Some looked like huge living balloons, others like soaring gossamer kites, gliding dragons or sky-whales. Whitmore watched the majestic beasts as they floated and soared colourfully through the alien sky. This was the kind of life speculated about by the likes of Carl Sagan, like something from the pages of a fantasy novel. To see that it really existed - he was almost brought to tears at the sight of it all. But none of those wonders, none of that beauty, meant anything to the invaders. They simply hunted and slaughtered the great beasts like merciless whalers, harvesting all life on that planet and leaving the great clouds barren and polluted from mass gas mining. Most of the other alien species Whitmore saw being conquered and slaughtered had been primitive - the invaders probably would not have reached their current level of power if they hadn't devoured a lot of poorly-defended worlds. Yet there were others who were far more advanced - races with technology decades, centuries, even milennia ahead of Earth's. As he moved further down the swarm's memories, Whitmore saw more of these. There was one battle he recalled glimpsing during his telepathic contact in the vault. This one actually took place in space, above a world of glistening ice. He also saw several other space battles that took place with what looked to be the same species, above other worlds - which suggested these other former enemies of the swarm had colonised other planets, having achieved faster-than-light travel. The invaders had been met by great warships in space, vessels that almost looked to be made out of solid crystal. They glistened among the stars like floating diamonds - nothing like the menacing dark hulks the invaders favoured. They seemed to be constantly shining, as if charged with some unknowable power. Whatever form of energy these vessels used, it was also lethal - as the battle memories showed. The invaders had launched huge flotillas of their city destroyers against these magnificent, mysterious native ships, intending to drown them in superior numbers. But, Whitmore noted with satisfaction, they received more than they bargained for. From these beautiful ships smote shining beams of deadly energy, which burned through space at long-range. Whatever powerful, unknowable weapon this was, it succeeded where humanity's most destructive devices had failed. Whitmore saw one beam burn straight through the already weakened shields of a city destroyer, boring a red-hot hole through the frontal control tower and neatly emerging out the other side. The stricken destroyer shuddered and convulsed, fiery cracks spreading through its hull as the destructive energy burned it inside out before ballooning outwards, blasting the city-sized spacecraft apart from within in a single cataclysmic explosion. When the flash cleared, only scattered fragments of white hot hull and clouds of carbonised ashes remained. Similar scenes were repeated throughout the attacking fleets, in all these different duels in space, as the defenders fired their brilliant beams of light across the void, holding the lines above their worlds. But the invaders could always count on superior numbers, as well as their technology. After suffering heavy losses, in each battle enough of the destroyer craft got through to unleash waves of attackers that swarmed out of the giant ships like great clouds of hornets. These swift little craft - so feared by Earth's pilots during the war of 1996 - literally engulfed the crystal warships like swarms of carnivorous ants devouring a herd of elephants. The outnumbered native starfighters were soon overwhelmed. The shining battleships were repeatedly strafed from all sides until their crystalline forms were left shattered in the vacuum. Soon enough, they were pushed back to their icy homeworld. Whitmore saw the battles on the surface of that world; witnessed the desperate resistance of the furry, pale-skinned, strong, agile inhabitants. They fought the invaders in the ruined streets of their once-beautiful cities of crystal, ice and stone, fortifying their own homes and fighting building-by-building, room-by-room, an extraterrestrial re-enactment of Stalingrad performed hundreds, thousands, perhaps millions of light years away. Like that battle, the carnage and destruction had been horrific. The dogged resistance of the natives prolonged their war for survival by many years. The invaders paid a heavy price for every inch of native territory captured. Yet for all the amazing achievements of this civilisation; all their advanced technology, ships, weapons, war machines and the courage of their warriors, it had been to no avail. Whitmore watched with utter horror and disgust as the beautiful crystal cities literally shattered and melted under the fiery-beams of the city destroyers. The defenders had been fighting in the ruins left behind, which lead to the scenes of incredible bravery he had seen. No amount of courage, however, could stop the invaders. They made the people of this world pay for their defiance. Whitmore saw the broken crystal cities, where any captured inhabitants were herded together in large groups, surrounded by armed invaders and their assisting drones, driven into what looked like holding camps. He felt his guts stir - he remembered those pictures he'd seen from the worst of humanity's history. He knew what was coming. Once the natives were all together they were set upon by the invaders in their bio-suits, who gunned them down with rapid-fire energy bolts, boiled their minds with psychic power or tore them apart hand-to-hand with their tentacles and claws, showing no mercy even to crying younglings and mothers. Yet for all their viciousness, the invaders were seldom wasteful. The bodies of those they slaughtered were gathered up and taken into what looked like processing facilities; here they were dissolved in pools of fluid, or sifted and pulped in great machines. The resulting product looked like some form of soup or gruel - the invader's food... Whitmore almost vomited in disgust at the scenes of utter barbarism. The visions of the invaders' repeated atrocities filled him with rage and revulsion - but he knew that he needed to see this, as this was exactly what would have happened had humanity lost its own battle for survival. It was what could very well happen in the future, when they finally came back. The invaders overran every bastion they came across with sheer numbers, murdering all in their path. Whitmore saw some refugee fleets of those crystal ships fleeing their doomed world - some of the natives had survived, if not many. Their faster-than-light technology had saved them, unlike others. However, it could not save their world. The swarm had no regard for its sanctity and melted down the immense reserves of ice to feed their water supplies. The once shining world was strip-mined, ruined like every other the invaders descended upon. It was the same story with all the others. He saw a desert world populated by an insectoid race, united by a hive mind just like the invaders. Swarms of them flew from underground cities, which on the surface looked like giant termite mounds or ant-hills reinforced with advanced technology. Their warriors swarmed in the air, on both their own wings and in their own fighter-craft, meeting the invaders head on. The invaders swatted them from the sky, before burning their hives with all the thoroughness of pest control experts. He saw a world of great oceans and sparse land, where the octopus-like natives lived in vast underwater cities deep under the ocean. The invaders adapted their city destroyers for undersea operations, burning the magnificent underwater metropolises like monstrous submarines. He saw another world where the inhabitants had fortified their world with armoured artificial rings that surrounded the whole planet. The rings had been fortified with huge long-range orbital guns, keeping the massive ships of the invading swarm at bay. The invaders had used their countless attackers and boarding craft to overwhelm the rings; which they then destroyed, directing the monstrous wreckage to crash into the continent-sized cities on the surface. Then they conquered and harvested the planet. So many had stood against this hellish swarm, fought bravely and relentlessly - and they had failed. It was dumb luck in so many ways that Earth survived. Once more, Whitmore felt the malevolence of the hive mind in his memories. To resist us is destruction. Every world we come to, becomes our food. None have ever stopped us. None shall ever stop us. We. Are. DEATH. He felt those thoughts in his mind now, burning like a red hot iron. He clutched his forehead, moaning and screaming with pain. A/N: Hi guys, a bit of an editorial decision. I decided to split this fic into two parts, just to make it easier for you all to read. Since this numbers over 18,000 words, it's effectively a small novella, anyway. Fell free to review any time! :)[Chapter 2] Mind of the Locusts (II) In the observation room, David felt the trickling sweat on his brow, his pulse quickening. Beside him, Patricia could barely watch her father's ordeal; she was being consoled by a nearby aide while her father moaned in pain, thrashing in his chair while Saunders and the medical orderly tried to calm him again. The president's readings were climbing again, along with those of the captive aliens. They were linked, no question about it. Were they the cause of these spikes? David couldn't discount that possibility. Eventually, they managed to calm him down to speak again, and he resumed talking. Most of their questions now focused on the nature of the invaders' ships, as well as their society, culture - anything that could be gleaned. David was quick to note that the captives' readings stabilised simultaneously with the president's. Clearly whatever hive mind these beings possessed was formed from a combination all of their individual consciousnesses, every one of them linked together to form a single psychic mass that coalesced into a single intelligence. In such a communal arrangement, emotions, feelings, thoughts and memories were all shared among every member of the race, through their immense psychic network which transmitted constantly across every mind in the swarm. The nature of the signal David had uncovered as a cable repairman was based on the same principle - every ship in the fleet was linked and co-ordinated by it, none were kept out of the loop. That same signal powered all of their ships in unison, each constantly transmitting to the other in a vast web of power, hence the reason why they always flew in large groups; the Roswell attacker had only been powered up and flyable once the other vessels arrived. Whether that power-signal network was in some way linked to the natural hive mind was still a matter of speculation, but David saw such a theory as being reasonable - after all, the invaders' technology was part-organic. Thomas was already describing something called \"the navigator\" aboard each of their motherships - an artificial brain-creature or perhaps even an enhanced caste of alien - which served as major conduits in their psychic network and directed each mothership through their constant journey through space while the rest of the aliens slept in stasis. No bodies of these navigators had been recovered - they had likely perished with the mothership - but from what Whitmore was able to reveal, they were dominant beings, with mental powers even greater than those possessed by regular aliens. David decided it was better they hadn't been encountered. Other castes of alien that Whitmore described were already known about. Among the alien bodies that had been recovered there were taller individuals, no different from regular drones other than their height - they were as tall as humans outside of their suits. During the ground war they had been seen operating as field commanders, likely as lower-level conduits for the hive mind. One such 'tall one' had been encountered by Dr. Okun during a previously unpublished encounter in Mexico during the early '70s. Whitmore moved his description onto these creatures, which he called 'protectors' - perhaps they were elite warriors as well as commanders. He implied that both the navigators and protectors were linked to something greater, perhaps at the very heart of the invader's civilisation - but what this could be remained elusive. David guessed that alien pilot had probably been very selective in terms of how many memories in shot into the president's mind. Nevertheless, Whitmore had somehow become part of their vast communal mind - at least in a small part of his brain that Dr. Saunders was helping to activate through her hypnosis. That was how he was able to see and describe the memories in such visceral detail. To activate the link, it was decided that the experiment had to take place close to living aliens - which was why Area 51 was chosen as the location for this experiment. As the ESD research team was finding out, such a procedure was extremely dangerous. But David still wanted answers. Now that his team had a bit more about the invaders, he wanted to take a side-track for a moment and try to find out about the other species they'd encountered. What they had all heard so far had been fascinating; so many alien civilisations, more than humanity could ever have imagined existed even after 1996. Some of those the invaders previously encountered boasted technology that sounded far in advance of Earth's. And all of them were now gone. David was beginning to surmise one reason why SETI had such little luck picking up alien radio signals before the invaders arrived. Like the Mongol hordes of Genghis Khan on Earth, the invaders had likely caused a demographic imbalance in the galaxy, leaving behind a vast empty void in their wake. So far Whitmore had described many of these other alien races in rich detail - but the outlook was bleak so far. Nearly every other battle the invaders had fought had lead to their enemies' extinction. Was Earth really the only planet in the galaxy to fight for its survival and win? David refused to believe that - the odds in favour of that being the case were as astronomically low as those for the idea that humanity had been the only intelligent species in the universe, even before July 1996. His own idea had saved the human race - and David knew it to be a feat of dumb luck in so many ways. There were too many things that could have gone wrong. Humanity had been on the verge of destruction at the hands of a vastly superior opponent, with only so much time given to strike while the virus had worked it's magic. The final battle on July 4th had been a last-ditch attempt that succeeded against all the odds. If the aliens had come with a larger fleet, they would have had enough time to recover from the virus and launch a counter-attack. David knew they would not make the same mistakes when they returned. Perhaps humanity would soon join those other doomed races, now lost to history. He fought to keep those thoughts in the dark corner of his mind. There would still be time to ponder the alien distress signal when this experiment was over. Right now, he needed to focus on the task at hand. Once more, he addressed Dr Saunders through his headset. \"Is he absolutely sure there were no other races that managed to fight them off? No other battles where they lost, anywhere else?\" He heard the hypnotherapist ask the question. Whitmore had recovered from the mental-spike...somewhat...but his words didn't come out. David heard Thomas mumble heavily, as if he was trying to clear the alien mental activity from his own mind. Saunders repeated the question, but was again met with more incoherent grunting. She looked at the two-way mirror, shrugging in the direction of her superiors. David was on the verge of giving up. There was always the risk of permanent brain damage, and David was determined not to let that happen. If the readings got any worse, he'd pull the plug. It was increasingly looking that way. Then Whitmore's voice rose. \"Wait...\" Well, his voice did rise - but it was still croaking from the strain of keeping his mind together. \"I can see...\" He gasped out his words. \"Others...fighting back...holding...fighting...on so many worlds...\" David's attention immediately perked up. Now they were on to something. Irene caught on as well, not wasting any time. \"Who?\" Saunders pushed her advantage. \"Who is fighting them off?\" Whitmore rasped out the words, forcing them out of his mouth with immense strain and difficulty - almost as if something was trying to keep them from leaving his throat. \"The...great...enemy...\" And then he resumed. He saw more battles in space, just like those with the people of the ice world - only these were larger, bloodier and far more pitched. Furthermore, this enemy was different. He saw the invaders' armada - which terrifyingly enough, was made up of what looked to be dozens, maybe hundreds of the same class of mothership which assaulted Earth. At the centre was a much larger vessel, almost the size of a planet. Thousands of city destroyers surrounded the core of the invading fleet, gargantuan drones protecting their queen. They were advancing on a blue-green world, much like Earth. The only difference was that this world was protected. Parked in orbit and in clear defensive formation, a great fleet stood as one to oppose the invaders. Whitmore had thought the crystalline warships of the ice world amazing - but these craft blew his mind with their alien beauty and form. These vessels were more than a contrast to the invaders' dark monoliths - if anything, they were the polar opposite. The armada of gold, silver and bronze spacecraft shone like divine beings in the light of the burning white star at the centre of this system, even more than the crystal ships had done. Their design made them look more like works of art than technology; they were so inhumanly elegant and graceful that Whitmore found his eyes watering at the sight. Their builders clearly viewed technology as art, not cold utility - this applied all the way to their warships. Their triangular prows ended in what looked for all the world like sharpened battering rams. Their unearthly aesthetic applied to the way they moved, too - swift, precise, with little effort and no margin for error. Their manoeuvring capabilities showed nothing but perfection as they gathered into fighting formation and advanced on the invaders. Some of them - manta-like craft which looked to be the command ships - came close to the standard invading motherships in size, but most were smaller than the ships they confronted. Yet this did not deter them. The monolithic hiveships closed with their enemy, moving slowly and inexorably toward yet another world. They neatly outnumbered their opponents three to one. Yet this mysterious new enemy did not even flinch - their vessels advanced in turn. Furthermore, the invaders could sense the feelings of the enemies they faced, through their hive mind. Whitmore recalled what they'd sensed from their previous victims - there had been determination and resistance, but the most common emotion had been fear, and above all terror. The knowledge every race had that they were doomed. The swarm had always taken satisfaction from this, seeing it as proof of their inevitable victory each time. The great enemy was different. The collective mind of the invaders could only sense a determination stronger than any other they had encountered - a pure, unbending zeal that allowed for no possibility of defeat or retreat. This was not just because the great enemy was inherently zealous, with inherently greater willpower. Whitmore could feel in the memories of the swarm that their greatest foe possessed strong minds, stronger than any the swarm had encountered before. Strong enough to resist. Their mental power blazed among their ships like the raging fires of a star, a white hot inferno that could not be put out. It was almost as strong the mental power of the swarm. The swarm clearly viewed them as a serious threat. To Whitmore's satisfaction, he could feel a twinge of fear in the invaders' minds at the sight of these ships. Whitmore saw the maginificent yet outnumbered vessels draw closer with the invading craft. The invaders launched their attacker swarms, those clouds of deadly stingrays that had overwhelmed so many enemies. The newcomers did not flinch. Instead, their largest vessels began charging their weapons. Spheres of shimmering energy appeared at the prows of these ships, growing larger and brighter with every second. Without warning, they sent these great balls of energy hurtling towards the vast clouds of attackers. Whitmore watched in awe as the spheres burst in the midst of the stingray swarms, dissolving and collapsing in a flash of light. At first he thought the attackers would be destroyed by the explosion - but what actually happened was even more mind-boggling. Clearly, these newcomers were advanced - perhaps even more so than the invaders. The spheres of energy collapsed in on themselves, becoming artificial black holes which sucked the swarms of attackers into their gaping maws, compressing and crushing them into a tiny pocket dimension, where they could not possibly survive or escape. Whitmore saw dozens of the destroyers and even a few of the motherships caught in the maelstroms, ripped apart by the immense gravitational forces caused by the sudden appearance of multiple black holes in their midst. As quickly as the black holes were created, they vanished in flashes of light - as if someone had banished them with the flick of a switch, before they could become uncontrollably dangerous to all sides. The craft they devoured vanished with them, lost forever in artificial pocket universes. The ruins of multiple city destroyers floated away in the vacuum, forming a vast debris field. Whitmore was awestruck at what he'd just witnessed. Somehow - he would never be able to understand or comprehend this alien science - these new beings knew how to manipulate stellar energy for their own ends. They could probably build artificial stars as well, and were thus able to apply that engineering in war, to devastating effect. Those black holes had destroyed countless attackers - but the invaders could always count on their numbers. New attacker swarms arrived to take their place, quickly compensating for their losses. Those black hole launchers clearly took time to be ready for firing again - and the swarm took advantage of this to resume their advance. But the great enemy did not relent. As the new wave of attackers crossed the void between the two fleets, they were met by vast squadrons of golden fighters, which moved with even greater speed and elegance than the stingrays. The newcomers' fighters were outnumbered, but they more than made up for this with their advanced technology. Whitmore saw them exchanging laser fire with the invaders, but they also possessed yet another extraordinary weapon. The golden fighters launched expanding bubbles of energy at their foes, trapping multiple stingray attackers and freezing them in space within a gravitational field. Whitmore was reminded of those Roman gladiators who used nets to trap their enemies before killing them, as the trapped and helpless attackers were destroyed by the dozen with plasma fire. The pilots of the great enemy were skilled, and their fighters advanced to near-perfection. If human fighters had been helpless against the shielded stingrays, Whitmore didn't want to think about how they would fare against the golden craft. But even these advanced fighters couldn't hold the invaders forever - they were steadily getting shot down and it would only be a matter of time before they were overwhelmed, after taking plentiful attackers down with them. Yet the great enemy remained focused and steadfast, their resolve not wavering in the slightest. Their larger ships advanced on the destroyers and motherships of the swarm, unleashing volleys of plasma torpedoes and burning beams from long-range. The invaders returned fire with their own deadly green beams. Shields flared, hulls were breached, ships were burned and broken on both sides. The golden fleet suffered losses, yet they stubbornly continued to advance. They closed distance, and once at close range the newcomers unleashed yet another of their advanced weapons. The golden cruisers drew close with the destroyers, and from their triangular prows poured huge torrents of flaming purple energy. Whitmore wasn't sure if that was some sort of flammable liquid, an advanced extraterrestrial napalm - or whether the purple fire was pure energy. For all he knew, it could be some combination of the two. Whatever it was, it was sure as hell deadly . The flaming stuff billowed from the golden ships like dragon fire, burning through the shields of the destroyers and melting their dark hulls; accomplishing what nuclear weapons had failed to do on Earth. As Whitmore watched, he was almost reminded of Greek Fire, a still unknown substance used by the Byzantine Empire in their naval battles. It was some sort of medieval napalm, with the ability to burn even on water, and had been key to Byzantine control of the Mediterranean. All the other nations of the medieval world had fought to get their hands on it, as a key to military dominance. Perhaps this substance, whatever it was, was prized the same way. It clearly gave these newcomers an edge in this fight. The purple fire poured forth, engulfing anything in its path. Those destroyers that were not reduced to burning, molten hulks floating dead in space had their weakened hulls rammed through by the sharp rams on those golden prows, taking them out of the fight permanently. Some of the shining ships were destroyed as they rammed their enemies - for some it was a suicidal last charge after suffering fatal damage. These beings clearly didn't believe in dying in failure. Other ships engaged the destroyers with broadsides of torpedoes and laser fire, suffering losses but persisting until the ships of the swarm fell. The great enemy was driven by an immense zeal, a near-fanatical devotion that ignored all adversity. It was as if fear was a completely foreign concept to them - Whitmore saw they were completely fatalistic in battle. That was what made them such dangerous opposition to the invaders. The newcomers took out many of the destroyers, breaching the line. Whitmore saw they had also neutralised the attackers swarms from these destroyers, and the remaining golden fighter squadrons rejoined the fleet as they advanced through the breach in the invaders' line. Now they had to face the great motherships - and they were another matter. Once the line of destroyers was breached, the newcomers faced them dead on. The motherships unleashed more swarms of attackers. The newcomers in turn once more unleashed their black hole launchers, devouring and erasing those swarms from space and tearing several of the motherships apart. Enough motherships survived to release more attackers, but Whitmore saw the intention of the great enemy's black hole attack - they had punched a hole straight towards the main mothership, that planet-sized monstrosity that dwarfed the hiveship that had assaulted Earth. He could feel in the invaders' memory that this ship contained something vital - someone or something of supreme importance. It could not be allowed to fall. The new swarms of attackers tried to fill the hole with their collective zeal, but were taken by surprise as more golden ships appeared in the midst of their motherships with a flash of blue energy. Some form of FTL jump or teleport had allowed them to arrived in their enemy's midst, and soon purple fire and shining torpedoes smote towards the motherships. The great enemy's reinforcements would not last long against the giant motherships and their countless swarms - but Whitmore saw that they were only meant to last as long as they were needed to. They were just a distraction, enough to allow the main force to push on to the central hiveship. Swarms of attackers broke off to face this new threat, distracted from their giant charge at the centre of the invading fleet. The newcomers pushed their advantage. With their great ships and remaining fighters, the great enemy ploughed through the remaining screen of attackers guarding the central ship. Whitmore briefly noted that these alien attackers were different in design from the ones he had fought on Earth. Perhaps they belonged to some form of elite guard, charged with protecting whatever was inside the main hiveship. The crux of his attention, however, was drawn to that central ship, that gargantuan vessel at the heart of the invading hive fleet. This ship, had it been present at Earth, would have spanned the Atlantic Ocean. Had such a ship arrived in 1996, Whitmore was certain the human race would not have survived. By this point, the golden fleet was heavily depleted - only three of the great manta ships remained, along with their escorting cruisers and other smaller vessels. But still they pushed on, even as they continued to take losses. Once they got close enough to the main invading ship, the manta-shaped planetoid ships unleashed hordes of dart-like craft the size of buildings, which shot out towards the great dark ship like missiles. The lasers of the central mothership swatted many of these away, but most of the defensive systems were distracted by the golden fighters and cruisers. The surviving darts penetrated the hull of the mothership like mosquitoes, before opening like gold and silver flowers, securing themselves with elegant clamps at their tails. Boarding craft , Whitmore realised. His vision then shifted to multiple battles with similar ships above other worlds, then to air battles with those same golden fighters in the atmosphere. Whitmore didn't know if the battle he had first seen was part of a greater campaign, with simultaneous battles spanning multiple worlds and systems which he was now witnessing, or whether these other battles were separate, each from a completely different point in time. What was clear from the disparate visions was that this particular race had been a persistent adversary of the invaders for quite some time. He also saw ground battles, hordes of the bio-suited invaders swarming through alien cities like warrior ants as their numbers were thinned by energy projectiles which burst open with that same deadly purple fire. And just up ahead, shimmers of golden figures moving at an impossible speed, slaughtering the invaders hand-to-hand in a deadly dance, cutting them down left and right. Amidst these scenes, Whitmore almost thought he could see something else - a globe or a sphere of some kind - but the image was fuzzy and it hurt so much to look at it; as if those that had given him these visions didn't want him to see it. The very sight of this strange shape - nothing more than a simple circle - gave him even more pain than he'd felt in all his visions, so much so that he couldn't even voice it, and thus was not recorded. But what about the first battle , he heard Saunders say. That huge ship - you said it was boarded? Whitmore felt his implanted memories shift back to that battle. It still felt painful - as if something didn't want him to see what took place there. Clearly, he was getting into more dangerous territory. That ship...something was on that ship, something the invaders wanted to keep alive. He could see the interior of that great ship now, that same green-tinged, misted interior Hiller and Levinson had described inside the mothership at Earth. There was a battle, raging inside that ship. Swarms of the invaders rushed at the great enemy who had dared to trespass this sacred place. The zeal of both sides was unfathomable as they tore into each other. The invaders, swarming their enemy relentlessly. The great enemy, outnumbered but undaunted as they fought on. From the invaders' perspective, Whitmore struggled to see the mysterious beings they faced. For one thing, these beings moved so fast and with such deadly precision that they seemed almost like shimmers and shadows in the distance. Sometimes these shimmers would disappear into silver-blue flashes of light, then suddenly reappear in a completely different place with another flash. Some form of teleport, perhaps? These beings seemed to possess all forms of strange tech. There was definitely teleportation involved here; Whitmore could see the tips of the huge, pointed boarding craft jutting through the titanic bulkheads of the hiveship. Larger flashes appeared below them; perhaps indicating whole armies of the elusive enemy appearing within milliseconds. It seemed the great darts were not conventional boarding craft at all, but teleport relays, connecting to the huge golden ships of the great enemy's fleet. It was much harder to see your enemy in infantry combat than it was in a naval or air battle, and Whitmore could only see memories that captured the enemy beings from a distance - perhaps the aliens didn't want him to see memories that captured them in more detail. The beings didn't allow the swarm to get too close, either - he saw those same spherical energy fields loaded with the purple fire landing and bursting open into the invaders' midst, keeping them at bay. Yet the great enemy had much more than this. Whitmore thought he could see bolts of energy, flashes of lighting erupting from their lines into the masses of rushing invaders. He also saw waves of the swarm inexplicably thrown back, scores of the invaders sent flying as if by some invisible hand. At first he thought this might be some new technology - but then something even more inexplicable happened. Storms of that same crackling energy erupted in the midst of the charging swarm, engulfing and striking down hundreds. From the lines of the great enemy, Whitmore though he could see the energy that powered these storms flowing from shining figures in the distance, as if they were sorcerers casting spells. That had to be impossible... Impossible or not, the invaders saw it - and Whitmore could tell they feared it. Now he was beginning to understand why these mysterious beings were considered the great enemy to them. But what was on that ship? Saunders' voice shook him from his thoughts. He tried to sift through the memory, to discover what it was the invaders had been fighting to defend that day. He never got the chance. Within their featureless cells, they stirred. They could all sense it. The presence of a primitive mind in the thoughts of their community. A mind that did not belong. A mind that was seeing things it shouldn't. Seeking secrets that must be protected. They had felt such strange readings in their sea of thoughts for the past few hours - but now they had pinpointed the source, as the readings increased in intensity. The natives were prying. They had to be stopped. If they delved further, they would find out about her existence. She could not be exposed, not before she arrived to bring vengeance to this primitive world. More was at risk. They could now sense the thoughts, the exact memories that the native mind was sifting through. The Great Enemy. The Sphere . If the natives found out about it ...about them ...If they became involved... This could not be allowed. They focused their minds as one, joining together and strengthening their power, bringing their thoughts to bear on the mind that did not belong. They struck as one. The pain struck Whitmore, greater than any other pain he'd felt since the initial mind-rape. His forehead felt as if it was being struck repeatedly with a crowbar. His ears rang with pure energy, feeling as if steel needles were being slowly pushed through them, straight through the eardrums, all the way through his skull and into his fragile, unprotected brain. This time he was thrown out of the chair, straight onto the cold, hard floor. The monitor wires he was hooked up to were torn from their sockets, flailing about on the floor as they fell with him. The monitor machine was nearly toppled over. The neatly placed jug and glasses of water were thrown off the table, spilling their contents and shattering all over the floor. Dr. Saunders threw herself back, shouting for intervention and medical aid as the sole attendant struggled to calm the president as he screamed on the floor in unbearable agony, making sounds she never thought a human could make, and never hoped to hear again. On the other side of the two-way, Patricia was screaming in terror, the secret service agents trying in vain to calm her. David immediately saw from the monitors that the aliens had collectively stirred - the readings showed increased activity on their part. \"GAS THEM, RIGHT NOW!\" He screamed into the ears of Dr Isaacs, who immediately sent the order to security. The tranquilising gas was pumped into the alien holding cells without delay. Its effects could be clearly seen on the security cameras; a thick white mist that sent them toppling and tumbling to the deck, straight into a deep sleep. As they did so, Whitmore calmed. David wiped a mop of sweat from his brow, as he steadied his voice to speak again. \"Pull the plug. I'm not risking him any further. Now that they're all sleeping, he won't be able to open the link with the hive-mind again.\" He then pulled off the headset and sat down, his chest heaving. Isaacs was now in the interrogation room, stabilising the former president with the newly arrived medical team. Beside him, Patricia was in tears, with an aide consoling her as best she could. Whitmore would live. He just barely registered the positive medical evaluation given by Isaacs on the intercom. But David's mind was stirring with everything he'd just seen and heard. The aliens didn't want anyone knowing the rest of that memory - that much was certain, as obvious as their intervention in this experiment. There was something they wanted to keep a secret. Whether that something was whoever or whatever was on that huge ship Whitmore had talked about, or the outcome of that particular battle, he couldn't say for certain. Perhaps the mothership navigators were linked to whatever was aboard the central vessel. However, David's main thoughts were focused on that powerful, mysterious race that the memory had described. Armed with power and technology that sounded almost god-like in capability and even more advanced than the invaders themselves, perhaps one of the few to repel their invasions. The aliens clearly remembered them well - and from what Thomas had described in his implanted memories, they were scared of them. David felt sick as he considered another thought - maybe we should be scared too. He guessed that another reason the aliens had been quick to shut down the hypnosis experiment was because they didn't want humans knowing too much about this other race - which meant that this 'great enemy' was likely still out there. David didn't even want to think what the intentions of this other race might be if they discovered Earth - and he certainly didn't want to imagine what humanity's odds of survival would be then. They had barely survived an invasion from one advanced alien race. These others, judging from Whitmore's vivid descriptions, sounded even more advanced - and thus even more dangerous. They might just already know about us. David felt his blood run cold at that thought. There was something he remembered, something that - he was realising to his horror - might just be linked to this. He would have to review it, once this all settled down. Many hours passed. The baking sun had long set over the Nevada mountains outside, leaving the vast deserts of Groom Lake cold and bathed in the light of the moon and the multitudes of stars in the beautiful skies above. The sky was truly lit up that night, a brilliant spectacle of the many lights in the great ocean of space. Shooting stars blinked here and there, in a sporadic meteor shower, adding to the amazing view. Perhaps it was all in recognition of the events that had taken place beneath the sands, an omen of what had been revealed, or maybe of what was still yet to come. Whitmore was sent to Area 51's infirmary, Patricia by his side. Dr. Saunders attended, ready to bring his mental state back into stability. Isaacs left Dr. Matthews, the best MD at Area 51 besides himself, to bring the ex-POTUS to full health, having done the best he could. Isaacs was required to attend a meeting David had called in the main conference room. It was roughly 8:30 p.m. by the time the meeting began - attending to the stricken POTUS had taken up most of his time, and Deputy Director Levinson made sure that full transcripts of the hypnosis were printed and sent to every attendee at this conference. He would be sure to send a full report to his immediate superior, ESD Director Robert Strain, who was currently away from the action on some promotional tour abroad. Strain had left everything at Area 51 to David in a hasty, last minute notice. David brushed that away - he couldn't afford to be distracted by the many professional problems he had with Strain. This was an important meeting. Sure enough, he was joined by ESD's other senior scientists, who filed in around the solid oak table, taking their seats in silence. They had all heard of what had taken place during the Whitmore hypnosis. All of them knew this meeting would be serious business. David had summoned them all to Area 51 in advance of Whitmore's arrival, anticipating the findings of the hypnosis experiment and hoping to discuss the results as soon as possible. He took his seat at the head of the table, after greeting all of the scientists in turn. They all had paper copies of the hypnosis transcript in front of them. David had insisted they all read them before this meeting began, particularly the passages towards the end. That was the topic he was most keen to address first. \"We obviously have to allow for the fact that these memories may be vague, that there may be room for error due to former-president Whitmore's mental condition. Hypnosis is always unpredictable.\" He kept his voice calm as he could - quite a feat in light of what had taken place earlier in the day. \"But that doesn't mean we shouldn't take its results seriously. I wouldn't have given the go for this experiment if I thought that way.\" He looked at them all seriously. \"And neither would you.\" They all took a moment to think on that. David was pleased to see that Dr. Simm was next to speak, his northern English accent echoing off the acoustic walls. \"I take it you'll want to go through all the archives again, sir? You'll want me to find more, I'm guessing.\" David smiled. Simm was astute, observant - exactly as his profile said, the reason why David and Director Strain had recruited him from the campus of York University. He was the exact kind of man suited to the task of overseeing the alien archive project - which was the reason for his attendance. David had a feeling that whatever the hypnosis uncovered, it would lead back to the historical record of their visits to Earth. And perhaps, the visits of others. \"Pretty much, Howard.\" David liked to be informal as he could, even as a key player in Earth's first line of defence against alien invasion. \"As you know, I hired you to deal with records of every confirmed alien visitation, sighting or incident we know about, from every archive compiled across the world. We've compiled it all onto computer databases, thanks to you. I'm especially grateful for that; I'd have hated dealing with piles of folders and filing cabinets for the rest of my life.\" Everyone in the room chuckled at the joke. \"Thanks to you, we've got our hands on all remaining CIA, NSA, FBI and military records - at least the ones that asshole Nimziki didn't shred to keep all of this 'plausibly deniable'. Who knows what else he was keeping under his robes. He sure isn't one for sharing, as we all know.\" Former Secretary of Defense Albert Nimziki had suffered another massive reversal in his political career back in 2000, losing by a landslide to Grey in the presidential election that year. On the surface he had left politics, now living in comfortable retirement somewhere in suburban Connecticut. From what David heard he was mostly friendless these days; after the war he had been publicly exposed to the world as the man who had kept the existence of the aliens secret. In spite of this, he was still rumoured to hold a degree of influence behind the scenes - much to both Whitmore and Levinson's frustration. In his last months in office, Whitmore had to fight off a few accusations from both Nimziki and media conspiracy theorists about foul play in the election of 2000. Even after everything that had happened, the man still didn't have the decency to take responsibility for his actions. Not that it surprised David or Whitmore in the least. Yet in spite of his sacking and public disgrace, Nimziki still had many well-entrenched disciples in the intelligence community - most of them in high places - who ensured he was not interrogated. These people still insisted on greater secrecy and more focus on US interests, frequently clashing with the ESD over its open, international policy. Nimziki remained a thorn in David's side even to this day. He continued, following a brief pause. \"Plus, in the past five years, we've managed to look at other government records from around the world, which before all this started we would never have had any hope of getting a hold of. The Russians have revealed their own UFO records, dating all the way back through the Soviet era. The Chinese have followed suit. We're still going through all that new material, but from everything we've dug up, we know the aliens were coming to this planet for quite some time before...\" One of the scientists interrupted David with a cough. Dr. Hurst, twenty years his senior and one of the more sceptical voices among his subordinates. \"With respect, Deputy Levinson, as you said, we already know they were coming here before '96. We knew that well before it happened, well before we got hold of all these new records. Ever since Roswell, all those confirmed sightings; not to mention Dr. Okun's little misadventure in Mexico back in the '70s. What else would we find out from sifting through more archives?\" \"Good question Sid.\" David didn't mind being questioned or interrupted - it allowed discussion and debate to flow. That was where he was at his best. \"First of all, we might find some things about the aliens and their tech that we didn't know before. And I didn't just mean before '96 - from the KGB records the Russians shared with us, we know now they were coming here even before Roswell. Second of all...\" He paused for effect, making sure he had the undivided attention of everyone in that room. It was only when he did that he spoke again. \"...I don't just mean the aliens we know of.\" The cabal of scientists looked at each other, visibly confused. David smiled, knowing he had the upper hand in the discussion. \"We've got hundreds of sightings in those archives, thousands of testimonies dating back decades. There have been theories of aliens visiting us in ancient times. The majority of it is bunk, I will grant you; we've gone great lengths to discover which is bunk and what isn't. Dr. Simm has set out to let the public know exactly which past UFO reports are true and which aren't. But maybe we've been going about it the wrong way.\" He leaned forward across the table, meeting the eyes of all before him. \"Maybe we've only been looking for proof of them.\" More confused stares. \"Ahem...not them as in aliens in general - them them, the one species we've met so far. Maybe we've only tried to match each report to them, not allowing for the possibility that others might have visited us. Or at least, one other race.\" The others stirred, knowing what he was getting at. Dr Sidney Hurst eventually managed to find his voice to reply. \"You mean...you want to revive the 'second species' hypothesis?\" David nodded. The said hypothesis arose from the fact that all the UFO reports compiled across the world did not just describe one species. The invaders had been the most prominent of course, but others were described by witnesses. Thus, ESD discussions had come up with a hypothesis that other alien races had visited Earth in the past and were already aware of humanity's existence. However, this theory had little in the way of hard proof. Dr. Hurst was quick to point this out. \"With respect sir, those reports are just eyewitness testimony. Like you said, so much of it is bunk - we've only confirmed the reports we know to feature the invaders as true. The other reports describe all sorts of things. We've got eyewitness accounts of the Virgin Mary, for Christ's sake; how do we know which accounts are real and which aren't?\" David smiled. He expected this. Now to formulate a response. He hesitated a moment, before he found the best he could come up with. \"Well, the first thing I'd suggest is look for the golden ships.\" Hurst looked incredulous. \"Sir, you're not seriously suggesting we rely solely on one man's mental vision...\" \"It's the best we've got,\" David continued, holding up a hand for defence, \"you don't have to believe everything that emerged today. But if there is another race out there with the power to wipe us out, I want to know if there is even the smallest chance they've visited us. What you read in that transcript might sound unbelievable. But remember that the existence of their hive mind has been scientifically proven - the readings in the report confirm that Thomas Whitmore is somehow linked to it. Debate it all you want, but that mental link exists .\" He emphasised the last word, allowing for a minute to pass before he spoke. \"We'll use every resource we have; to that end I'll be ordering our astronomical division to increase their surveillance, both radio and optical. The extra-solar planet finder, which as you all know is due to launch in two years, will be joining them. If there are any planets out there which can support alien civilisations, we'll want to know about them. There might be a chance it can find any trace of them out there.\" He then placed his hand on his copy of the transcript. \"All we know about this other species so far is in here . That's what we've got and that's all we have to act on at this point. We know they've been fighting each other - but for all we know these could be rivals, fighting for control of the resources of different planets. I'd like to believe the enemy of our enemy is our friend - but history shows us that isn't always true.\" Hurst spoke again. \"Assuming this supposed other species survived, sir. According to the transcript, the president didn't see the rest of the memory.\" \"It's all we've got to work with. From what he described, I'd say they had a better chance of surviving than we will when we have to face the next wave.\" The room fell silent once more. Everyone present knew the implications of the alien distress signal, discovered by military intelligence after the mothership exploded. David let the moment hang for a minute or two. \"We've heard some extraordinary testimony today. To that effect, I'm approving the research project I've further outlined in hard copy, attached to each transcript. So is Director Strain, before you ask. Project: SECOND MUSKETEER is a go.\" Each scientist made sure to read the plan for this research project, which would hunt for hard evidence of this supposed second species. Not only would it included archive and field research, but astronomical observations and surveys too. Simm was the last to speak. \"Am I right in assuming this project is top secret, sir?\" David sighed. He hated secrecy - it was the main reason why the world had been so unprepared for what happened. But there was some wisdom in ensuring that the public was not lead into further panic, after such a traumatic just five previous. \"Correct. We don't even know if this species has visited us yet - no need to cry wolf right now. Any findings for this project are to remain strictly classified - outside of this room and all relevant personnel only the main ESD committee at the UN, top serving heads of state and intelligence chiefs are obliged to know about it.\" The next ten minutes were spent discussing the particulars of the project, whether any physical evidence could be found in the form of radio signals or crash sites, along with which eyewitness accounts and testimonies to immediately ignore. Satisfied everyone knew what to do, David called the meeting to an end. Dr. Milton Isaacs was the last to leave before David. Once everyone else was out of the conference room, the ESD Deputy Director raised a hand, subtly indicating the Head of Research to stay just a moment longer. \"Those readings you picked up,\" David murmured, keeping his voice as low as possible. \"The ones from the flight recorder. I want you to review them - keep chasing them. I want to know the results.\" Isaacs blinked, adjusting his glasses. He knew exactly what David was referring to - the flight recorder of the attacker that he and Colonel Hiller had flown to the mothership, five long years ago. Unlike most alien databases, it had survived their mass data purge. \"I still haven't deciphered all the data sir. Each of their ships holds more memory than any of our supercomputers. It could take years.\" \"Step up your efforts. We managed to discover the distress call in that flight recorder. Let's see what else is in there.\" He stayed behind afterward, leaning back in his chair and pondering on the day's events. Being a big part of Earth's defence was a truly tough job, one that got tougher day by day. He wasn't sure what to make of the idea of other alien civilisations out there. The hopeful part of him wanted to believe there was a chance humanity might find some powerful allies in the galaxy, races that didn't like the invaders any more than Earth did, who would help this planet in its fight against the coming storm. But everything David had seen in the July of '96 jaded that view. If one alien race was inherently hostile, then others could be too. Humans had been little more than ants to the invaders - they had been thousands of years ahead in terms of technology. He looked over his notes again on the so-called 'great enemy' Whitmore had described. Fast, powerfully armed starships, capable of faster-than-light travel and rapid pin-point jumps. Weapons that could burn through the invaders' shields and boil away their hulls. Unmatched skills in combat. Technology that could create black holes and supernovas at will. Then he looked at this final note: superior mental/psionic abilities? He remembered hearing the scenes of battle which showed flashes of lightning frying scores of the invaders. The invaders had psychic powers - not only telepathy and shared memories but also the ability to use their minds as weapons. There was no reason to suppose another alien race couldn't have the same abilities and greater - a terrifying prospect for sure. If Homo Sapiens had been ants to the invaders, David could only imagine what they would be to these others. Microbes, probably. Amoeba. Perhaps this particular race simply wasn't interested in Earth or its inhabitants, assuming they were even aware of them. Maybe that was why they hadn't revealed themselves yet like the invaders had. David hoped that to be true - but hoping didn't make it so. For now, David knew he would have to wait for the results of the investigation. He eventually decided to go up top, to get some fresh air. Taking the elevator and checking out, he strolled out with his binoculars, into the night air. He walked away from the growing Area 51 complex, away from the hangars and double runway, away from the giant new structures - until he reached a secluded spot on a set of hills behind the main building. Whenever he came out here, He made sure he got as far away as he could from the light pollution of the main runway. That was the first rule of stargazing, after all. He liked having these moments to himself - but it was times like this, when his mind ached with worry, that he wished for his father to be around. Old Julius was still alive and kicking, though he and David weren't able to see each other as much as they liked these days. However much the old codger nagged, David always valued their conversations. It helped take his mind off...other things. David spied the craters of the full moon for ten minutes or so through the binocular lenses, before turning his naked eyes to the vast globe of stars and nebulae above him. Before 1996, he would have found them beautiful, a source of inspiration. Now, they contained only danger and foreboding - along with the constant reminder that they were out there, that they were coming, that they would one day return to finish what they'd started here on Earth. When they came - not if, when - David Levinson would have to make sure everything was ready. He was far from certain he could do this. Now, there was even more uncertainty. Now, David knew there were others out there - others who also possessed the power to wipe out the human race if they wanted to. For the first time, the sky seemed darker than it had in any of the previous five years. David turned away, shaking his head. There was work to be done - worrying about the danger wouldn't make it go away, nor would it contain it. Only his work had the slimmest chance of doing so, of meeting the horror that lay among the stars. He just hoped it would be enough. A/N: For those of you expecting updates on my other stories, I apologise - my assignments for my Master's are taking up a lot of time right now. Still, I've been on an ID4 high following the announcement of Resurgence. ID4 was one of my favourite films during my childhood, and I've had fanfic ideas surrounding it for some time. The sequel trailers spurred me on - and this is the result. I just had to get it all out. I'll see if anything else comes out of this long-short - I'll probably wait until after Resurgence comes out. Hope you enjoyed this so far! :) A/N (II): Hi again - just so you all know, I've made some modifications taking into account what I've read in Crucible (David doesn't become Director until after 2007) and what I saw recently in Resurgence. I try to make David more in-character too. Hope you all like it! A/N (III): New modification - small extra scene, will tie in to From the Wreckage. Stay tuned! ","Summary":" Mind of the Locusts (I) From the shadows of the never-ending gulf of space, they came. They travell"},{"Movie":"Independence Day","Title":"después","Author":"jer35mx","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10856723","Passage":"[Chapter 1] un grupo de helicópteros vuela sobre llanos semideserticos, el presidente whitmore piensa acerca de lo relativamente corto de la distancia de el área 51 y la ciudad estelar, el astropuerto de las naves independientes privadas de su país, *dos puntos tecnológicos tan importantes y que fueron dejados de lado por los aliens, la teoría de david y connie es de \"¿qué datos tienen los aliens?, la nave exploratoria era de los 40s\", y el área 51 a pesar de ser secreta era un faro en consumo de energía y comunicaciones*, la reunión que iba a tener efecto era con restos de naciones del mundo que se escogió un centro que tuviera perímetro espacial, y ahí los ingenieros habían comunicado naves espaciales en misión, alguien le despierta de su ensimismamiento, levanta los ojos de las hojas, connie le dice \"ya estamos llegando señor presidente\", el mira por la ventana y ve una cinta asfáltica y a lo lejos algo como un espejismo; connie saluda por la pantalla a uno de los representantes de el continente africano, mientras trata de decirse a si misma que los radares pueden detectar las naves extraterrestres que quedaron y que no podrán hacer uso de escudos, en la pantalla ahora aparece el rostro de un presidente latino, ella le dice \"buenos días, esta es una línea segura, gracias por intentar la transmisión\", el contesta \"si, bueno, me siento una carnada pero bueno\", connie mantiene la cara seria, \"en unos minutos empezaremos la lectura de datos\"; en una de las salas de telemetria espacial thomas whitmore lee \"naves caídas, 27, 10 naves se reportan haber salido de la atmósfera\" *y faltan daños por radiación y que necesitan esos aliens como combustibles*, el post despertar de hace 4 meses, connie le grita \"¿listo?\". en el transcurso de la reunión, se hacen teleconferencias a diversas partes del mundo, del áfrica se describe una situación de que poblaciones citadinas se han salvado y los ataques de las naves alienigenas se hicieron a lugares conocidos internacionalmente por el poderío de resistencia armada, de el continente asiático un diplomático de contacto solo expuso los mapas que se transmitieron por su propio sistema de satélites de interfaces de internet, solo comento que la gran presa de los ríos hoangho y yangtse habían sido atacadas, en zonas sumergidas, provocando nubes de vapor, pedían que se tomaran en cuenta muestras estudiadas y los datos a los que habían llegado, el presidente whitmore dijo \"los agradecemos, creo que podríamos pasarles datos\", desestimando una mirada de constance y que varios notaron, continuo \" de los años que creemos que observaron nuestra civilización\", el diplomático de contacto respondió \"es una conclusión a la que llegamos, pero no exacta, agradecemos de antemano su información\", de las islas japonesas lo que mostraron fue un ataque a ciudades pero los ataques mayores fueron a las bases extranjeras, ellos habían transportado aviones en lanchones, pero su narración encendio el interés de los chinos y otros paises, porque los aeropuertos de ciudades sin tocar tendrían aviones y radares no comprometidos, ya que en uno de sus mapas describian areas de radar que usaron en el contraataque.[Chapter 2] en una montaña de el archipiélago de el oriente asiático unas nubes se forman en el tope de la montaña, se escucha un sonido de fuertes vientos y se perciben rayos; al mismo tiempo sobre una región inundada de el continente se forman unas nubes y se empieza a formar algo no visto por esa región, un remolino en la gran represa, se empieza a percibir rayos de las nubes abajo, de el remolino sube un tifón o tornado y se ve una gran nave que pasa a baja velocidad y a gran altura por el agua, de algunas partes de los terrenos al lado de la gran nave espacial alienígena salen naves, pequeños vehículos aéreos que comienzan a volar hacia la gran nave; de los restos de la gran nave alienígena derribada en un valle cercano a la montaña salen naves que inician vuelo a la nave que se empieza a distinguir, de las cercanías salen pequeños objetos de restos de edificaciones y bosques, algunos de los vehículos voladores son alcanzados y caen a tierra, otros si llegan a la nave, ninguno trata de entrar en combate; en el continente, de unas cintas de asfalto que se descubren en las penumbras de la tarde se elevan aviones y unos helicópteros, los aviones entran en combate con los alienígenas, estos se dan la vuelta y entran en combate, naves y aviones maniobran en los cielos y empiezan a caer a tierra naves en restos y llamas de ambos lados, los helicópteros toman posición y lanzan cohetes hacia el sitio donde se dirigen algunos de los vehículos alienígenas, después se retiran, empiezan a sonar explosiones, vehículos aéreos salen de la gran nave y entran en combate, se empieza a reducir el número de aviones, los vehículos aéreos comienzan a descender a tierra, la gran nave empieza un descenso, cae sobre una vasta planicie llana de sembradíos, se escucha un estruendo, en las cercanías se empiezan a mover vehículos estableciendo un perímetro; en el archipiélago la gran nave se eleva y va empequeñeciendose, aún se veía con la vista entre el azul gris del aire y se pierde al entrar la nave en el espacio y viajar a algún lugar. De algún volcán apagado se eleva una nave y establece curso hacia el espacio, de pronto es atacada por helicópteros y ametrallada, la nave sigue su curso, a mayor altitud es alcanzada por aviones de combate con cohetes, la nave sigue su curso En la ciudad de el astropuerto en otro continente, dos grupos, uno de personas con papeles y otro por pantalla de videoconferencias reportaron que 2 naves se habían aproximado a la tierra y entrado a la atmósfera, ahora reportan que solo una es seguida por estaciones de monitoreo de el espacio cercano, los representantes empiezan a estudiar los datos, no ha habido comunicaciones después de que se enviaron mensajes a sus países. en la región de el lago se reporto y se pidió que se siguieran varias naves que salieron en formación de los alrededores del lago, que se unieron en el aire a centenares de metros de altura y salieron lentamente hacia arriba con rumbo al espacio, durante el seguimiento llegaron reportes de los lugares alrededor del planeta de aliens que en sus zonas de permanencia salían en grupos para recoger o, decía en algunos reportes succionar combustible, en algunos decía que aparecían chispas y un reporte decía triunfadoramente de una explosión en un helicóptero derribado, en tres zonas se reportaban luchas con fuerzas terrestres locales y se checaron y reportaron visuales de bajas alienigenas. De el país hacia el sur llegan reportes de que una de las naves había salido de un volcán apagado, los radares lograron encontrar esta tercera nave ya en el espacio. ","Summary":" un grupo de helicópteros vuela sobre llanos semideserticos, el presidente whitmore piensa acerca de"},{"Movie":"Independence Day","Title":"From the Wreckage","Author":"H.G.Wells","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12268244","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Prologue: Unseen Observers Planet Earth, Sol System July 4th, 1996 It was a truly beautiful world. A world of water coloured in bright and dark blues, oceans that covered the vast proportion of the surface. However, if the planet had been nothing but ocean, it would probably have not held the same attraction. There were vast continents that betrayed the greens of forest, prairies and jungles, the red and yellow of deserts and the brilliant white of polar ice-caps; all combined to create what seemed to an outside observer like a world truly blessed. An observer of that same world at this precise time however, would have swiftly concluded that all of that beauty would soon be stripped away like flesh from bones. The herald of that terrible fate - a fate that had befallen so many beautiful planets in the galaxy - loomed over the blue-green sphere, advancing on it like some monstrous predator born out of blackness of space itself. A huge, almost egg-shaped hemisphere, with two great horn-like structures hanging beneath the prow. Up close, the surface of the planetoid-sized monster was covered with trenches, channels and all manner of artificial structures - but from afar it seemed smooth, polished, almost organic save for a disk-shaped indentation close to the highest point of the hemisphere, which formed the bulging prow of the gigantic vessel. It was a form that had come to be feared and recognised all too well. A hiveship of the Swarm had arrived to feed, claiming yet another ripe, defenceless world in its long list of victims. Those who inhabited the planet below likely had not seen it approaching from a distance; their primitive level of technology was certainly one reason to believe this. But the hiveship had cunningly approached the planet from behind the single moon. It had parked itself there in a stationary orbit, using the lone grey satellite as a natural shield while the forces of the Swarm deployed planetside. By that point, the people of this world would have been able to see the bringer of their doom, even with their rudimentary sensors and observation systems. Yet there was something else, something that they would not see at all - and hopefully, nor would the sensors of the Swarm. Something else - like the invading mothership - that was not of this world. It was hidden just at the southern pole of the planet's moon, nothing more than a tiny insect or microbe compared to the monstrous hiveship. Close to the surface, no more than a few hundred feet and making every effort to stay unseen by the invaders. Anyone trying to look at it with the naked eye would have to be less than one hundred metres close to see anything of note. Even then, what they would see would be nothing more than a brief, soft shimmer; a minor compensating adjustment of camouflage as the object quietly and subtly changed position, bringing itself into lunar orbit. Anyone who saw that shimmer would have made out a sleek delta-shape, crafted to perfection for the purposes of stealth and discretion. It was the ideal tool for observing the Swarm's latest activity, from what its crew hoped and believed was a place of complete safety. The master of this remarkable vessel felt no need for worry - his command was from the most advanced class of stealth-scout ships in the galaxy. Thanks to the specially designed alloy coating and numerous scrambling systems, almost no known technology could detect it on any sensor screen. Furthermore, the active camouflage on the scout ship's hull rendered it all but invisible to the naked eye, too. If he had turned the camouflage off, an observer would have been immediately impressed by the beauty of his vessel. Like all things made by his people, it was built with such precision and love that made it both aesthetically stunning and practical to a point. The hull was a dull silver, with glowing blue lining and power vessels pulsing across it's elegant form. The engines emitted this same pale purple-blue light, energy capable of propelling this vessel at incredible speeds if needed - even though they were currently inert. Right now, most of the ship's energy was devoted to the stealth and scanning systems - the rest was for life support only. She was currently using a back-up propulsion system that required no diversion of power and ensured maximum stealth - a pair of energy fields, mounted either side, that acted as solar sails. Thus the scout ship moved softly and silently with the solar winds and cosmic rays, like a sailing boat on a calm breezy day. Her light armament would not be used here. She was but a phantom, lurking in the shadows. Her mission was not to intervene. Only to watch. The Swarm would not see them, the commander was sure of that. Still, he knew he was taking an enormous risk with his own life and the lives of his crew by putting his vessel, a mere ranger shadow-ketch, this close into the hiveship's path; even if it was the best point of closest observation. Yet he was a Vorentine Ranger of the Ambul'tiyen, as were the rest of his band. They had all passed the most gruelling of trials, sworn the most solemn and binding oaths to become Rangers of the Grey Wanderers, who scoured and scouted the length and breadth of this galaxy in service to their people. They would do what was expected of them. \"Keep us in the shadows,\" he commanded, after making the last orbital adjustment. \"Let us not become an addition to their feast in this system.\" The crew - no more than five Rangers in total, including the commander - obeyed silently, as was their custom. Their cat-like eyes glowed blue and gold in the dim light of the sloop's cockpit as their large, four-digit hands cycled across the holographic controls. Writhed in grey cloaks and dull-coloured, advanced stealth armour, Ambul'tiyen Rangers were masters of stealth and subterfuge in their own right. As such, nearly all Ambul'tiyen vessels were built the same way. They tended to sport the same dull silver of this sloop's hull, as well as dark bronze or gunmetal. A far cry from the impressive golden ships of their more common kin, the vessels that served in the mighty battlefleets of the Vorentine Empire. Yet they felt no need to impress when it came to their spacecraft design. They were outside the borders of the vast imperium of their species, and thus were not bound to its customs and expectations. Ostentatious hulls served no purpose for those who walked the Path Beyond - a path of total ascetic devotion. The vessel had powered down to the point that even the most highly-advanced sensor systems would register it as nothing more than idle static, even if the stealth systems were not switched on. While that might have seemed like an excessive precaution, no chances could ever be taken where the Swarm was concerned. This Ranger band knew what their enemy was capable of, having survived far more dangerous tasks than this. Together with Resistance forces, they had observed and harried the Swarm in this remote spiral arm in many separate engagements. Their mission in this system was just the latest stage in a long hunt, having tracked this hiveship for many cycles before the trail had finally lead them here, well beyond the borders of Vorentine space. The latter point was not unusual for the Rangers, but even so - the captain always felt a small level of... unease , whenever he and his band were the only living members of their kin for many parsecs. He could fell this in the minds of the others on board too, a feeling no doubt multiplied by the Swarm's presence. They knew his thoughts too - all of his kind possessed that ability. They were all nervous. But that was of no consequence. They all remembered the mantras of the Ambul'tiyen, of every Vorentine warrior. Fear is but a barrier of the mind. A barrier to be crossed. An Illusion. It cannot stop the devoted, the faithful, the righteous. The Ranger captain gazed upon the hiveship and its prey through the holo-display. Thirty-six of its huge harbinger craft, the first to deploy to any world it invaded, had already detached. Right now, they were hamstringing this world to the bone. The rangers had first arrived when the harbingers of the Swarm had begun to deploy above the sprawling cities of the native sentients - primitive, mammalian-simian beings that were known to call themselves Humans. They had been secretly observed by other scouts of the Ambul'tiyen and the Empire itself before; their existence had been known for a long time. Not that knowing of them was really significant. Humans were a planet-bound species, the captain knew. From previous observations it was known they had made a few manned orbital flights, launched a vast array of crude satellites and even robotic probes to their neighbouring planets. Beyond that, they had not done much else outside their planet. They were a divided race; it was known that they regularly waged war upon each other on their own homeworld, from which they could not leave (and would now never leave). Previous observations in the few dozen solar cycles before now had found strong radiation signatures consistent with the detonation of nuclear weapons - whether these were tests or used in an actual war, it was not clear. It was also known that their crude technology was polluting the local environment; the rangers had made early scans of this planet on arrival and discovered a shockingly huge hole in the ozone layer, as well as an increased greenhouse effect caused by the burning of combustible fuels. The Ranger allowed himself to shake his head at that thought. If the Swarm had not come for these primitives, they would likely have destroyed themselves. It brought him no pleasure to see the demise of a sentient civilisation. His people tried to hold themselves to high standards; he had been taught to value the sanctity of life, that every living being deserved respect and a chance for life in this universe. Still, humans were primitives - to a Vorentine they were barely insects on the evolutionary ladder. In galactic terms they were an insignificant and unremarkable race, trapped in their blue-green paradise with no conception of what lay outside of their cradle. Their best minds might well have believed they were the only sentient race in the universe - until now. Humanity thus fell well within the rules of non-interference with lesser races, that strictest of all Vorentine laws. Had the humans been an interstellar species, more significant to galactic affairs, it would have been a different question. But this was not the case. The Rangers were only expected to observe humanity's demise. Nothing more. Not every race in this galaxy could be saved. So they had watched the Swarm burn the defenceless cities, slaughter countless innocents as they had done so many times before. The Ranger's sense of revulsion never faded, even after witnessing the Swarm's repeated atrocities and disregard for all other life on countless occasions. He knew all too well their capacity to inflict suffering and misery. If only there truly was some way of exterminating them, the way they had done to so many others... The Ranger brought himself back to reality. Though the Swarm had been defeated on occasion, those victories had nearly always come at tremendous cost. Even then, those 'victories' had only been barely enough to delay the Swarm, let alone wipe them out for good. Even the Empire had learned this to its cost, at the Battle of Ravvenia Minioris. He himself had been present at that battle, seen so many of his kind slain. Though they had scattered that Hive Fleet and slain the Harvester Queen at its heart, the fleets and legions of Holy Vorentium had suffered badly. Amongst the dead had been the reigning Emperor himself - a blow that every living Vorentine still felt in their minds. The Ranger still recalled that day, the psychic pain at the Emperor's death throbbing in the back of his mind. After the battle, the Empire declared the Swarm temporarily defeated and withdrew from further direct confrontation with the invaders. It seemed a sensible decision - time was needed to replenish all military assets in this galactic arm, so pitched battles were best avoided. The Swarm appeared to have been turned - that 'victory' was, according to the Ancient herself, the only time a Harvester Queen had ever been slain. However, this proved to be premature. The Ranger had tried to believe all that sacrifice had been worth it - but the Hive Fleet had simply splintered into smaller fleets, mostly commanded by the Navigator caste. These splinters continued their Queen's campaign of galactic destruction and pillage in their wake. This lone hiveship was one such splinter, albeit a very small one. It would devour enough primitive, poorly-defended worlds such as this, gaining strength over time to form its own fleet, perhaps spawning its own Queen. These splinter fleets had been ravaging this part of the galaxy for some time now, in the wake of Ravvenia Minioris. Their attacks occurred beyond the Empire's borders - thus they were left unchecked in spite of the Ambul'tiyen's protests. Though the latter continued in their actions against the Swarm, Holy Vorentium only provided token aid to the Resistance. The Ranger sometimes felt anger at that decision - but the fact remained that the current Emperor did not wish a repeat of the battle that killed his father and so many brave warriors. Vorentium needed time to recover its strength - and the days when his people vigorously expanded their borders were long over. It cost so much just to keep the Empire alive in these times. Perhaps that was a hopeless task... The Ranger finally decided to remove himself from his thoughts. They could infect the crew with low morale. That would not do. He would focus on his duty. \"What is the status of this world?\" The inquiry was needless - but it would give the Ranger his focus. \"Grim, Brother-Warden.\" The fellow Ranger addressed the commander by his formal rank among the Ambul'tiyen. \"Over one hundred of the native cities have been burned. Biosigns from the planet indicate that less than half of their population yet lives.\" He glanced once more at the scanner readings. \"The Swarm is about to commence their fourth cleansing.\" The Warden nodded, while indicating acknowledgement in his transmitted thoughts. They had observed three cleansings from the harbingers thus far - the first being the initial surprise attack. The Swarm was nothing if not consistently methodical - their attack followed the standard pattern for nearly every other world of this technological stage that they had descended upon. First they would launch waves of cleansing, decimating the native population and crushing all resistance. These cleansings would be carried out by the harbingers, positioned evenly across the planet. Clouds of strikers would destroy anything the harbingers missed. Once the final wave of cleansing was complete, the harbingers would land on the surface, converting themselves into temporary colonies while a tide of colonists and warriors would pour in from the mothership, expanding the new colonies as they grew. At least one such harbinger had begun that process, and was now drilling into the planet's core - the main resource the swarm desired. Other colonies would be devoted to processing all plant and animal life into food product, extracting all valuable minerals and harvesting the planet's atmosphere and oceans for air and water supplies, respectively. Only after everything else had been consumed would the planetary core be extracted - and then this planet would be left an airless, barren rock, stripped of all life and everything it had to offer. Then the Swarm would move on, further strengthened by the latest feast. The end would not be long now. The rangers knew that it would be the same outcome they had witnessed many times before. Then a jolt of surprise shook one of the other crew-members at his station - a feeling of shock that spread through the thoughts of all the others. The Warden immediately sent an inquiry. \"What is it?\" \"I can't explain, Brother-Warden...it simply does not make sense...\" \"Tell me what you see,\" the Warden replied bluntly, while transmitting mild irritation and impatience to make his point. \"If it made no sense, you would not have picked it up.\" \"The computer systems on the hiveship, Brother-Warden, their command signal...it has been thrown in turmoil. It shouldn't be happening, the Swarm's systems have always proven efficient...wait...\" He cycled his fingers over the holographic controls, as he further exposed great confusion in his telepathy. \"Brethren, whatever is affecting this hiveship's systems - it is attacking their shields most of all.\" A moment of silence followed as the rest of the crew absorbed this revelation. That same crew-member broke it. \"Could it be the natives, Brother?\" One of the others made his derision clear in the local telepathic field. \"Nonsense. What in Verix's name could those insects do against a hive fleet, even a tiny splinter such as this?\" \"Nothing,\" another scoffed, a crackle of dismissal echoing through his transmitted thoughts. \"They aren't anywhere near the right level.\" As unbelievable as it all seemed to the Warden, he had learned long ago to keep an open mind. \"Not as far as we know ,\" he conceded, before sinking into his thoughts. There could be more to learn here. In a split-second, he made a decision. \"Launch observers. We shall take a closer look.\" The dismissive crew-member spoke up again, his telepathy making clear that he remained dismissive as ever. \"Really, Brother-Warden, why should we waste any more time and resources than we already have on these indolent, barely-sentient barbarian...\" \"Enough!\" The Warden's command snapped like a cracked-whip of psychic energy through the minds of all his underlings, before his voice returned to its usual serenity. \"Launch the observers. Let us find out more.\" Without further objection, the crew complied. The diminutive observer probes, shielded with stealth fields and leaving less than a whisper as they were launched, sped towards the planet, entering the atmosphere and surveying the surface below them. What they discovered sent an even greater wave of surprise through the crew's minds. \"By Voren...they are fighting back.\" The mental voice of that first crewmember to report the anomaly was now laced with amazement, fascination...and now a strong trace of admiration. \"Brother-Warden, my previous readings were correct. The energy shields of the Swarm - they have been compromised. The native weapons are hitting their mark!\" The probes relayed holographic recordings of the battles below them, which now played live throughout the cockpit of the shadow-ketch. Sure enough, the harbinger's shields had been lowered - and the human missiles, fired by their crude aircraft, were striking the giant hiveships and blowing chunks out of their hulls. The feared striker craft, which had been massacring the human aerial forces in the past few planetary rotations, were not immune either. Hundreds of them were blown to pieces by the primitive homing missiles, or shredded by kinetic projectile weapons. The Swarm was taking serious losses. \"They must have done it,\" that same crewmember continued, the admiration growing in his thoughts. \"They must have lowered the shields somehow. Disrupted the hiveship's command signal.\" That same admiration was reflected in the thoughts of another crewmember - one who was usually far more reserved. \"They are making the Swarm pay,\" he remarked - before his thoughts overflowed with empathy for the primitives below. \"They fight with honour.\" In spite of the fact that they were still forbidden to interfere, the Warden felt some level of newfound respect for those he could only observe. They had observed previous battles the humans had fought against the swarm - as expected, they had been little more than massacres. The human weaponry and strike aircraft had been totally outclassed - they had no hope of penetrating their shields and the outcome had been obvious. And yet, in just one of their planet's rotations, they had turned the tables. Somehow, the humans had disrupted the hive's command signal - and the Swarm was being repaid for their aggression. However, as the Warden brought himself back to reality, he knew this was simply a final act of futile defiance. \"If only it were enough to save them. See how their weapons strike the harbingers - they cause only surface damage. They can't bring them down - they don't possess the firepower. The shields of the Swarm filth will be restored soon.\" \"Unless they use their nuclear fission weapons,\" mused one of the two dismissive crewmembers - though the Warden could sense their contempt for the humans had faded. \"But then they would only leave their planet poisoned. This effort of theirs will be for nothing.\" Then a greater shock followed - one that flared through the crew's telepathy like a bright, booming firework. One probe had been observing just long enough to capture the event - and the crew had to play it back several times to accept it as truth. A single human aircraft, in a final act of desperation, had rammed the generator of a harbinger's central cascade beam - detonating it inside its housing in an almighty explosion. The feedback had created a cataclysmic firestorm - which the cascade beam was designed to unleash onto a target below - that now spread through the giant craft, burning it inside out. The mighty ship was set ablaze, slowly descending from the sky before settling onto the sandy desert of the local surface, explosions cascading along its length. All around the scene of the battles, the remaining striker hordes - bereft of their local power source - either retreated to the closest harbinger in range or came crashing down onto the desert below. The humans had just won their first victory. \"Impossible...\" the Warden allowed that single thought to flow from his mind. The rest of the crew could only watch in silence. Then there came another shock - one that was more relevant to the Vorentine observers. One of the probes suddenly stopped transmitting, its feed lost in a blaze of static. At first the operator put it down to an isolated fault - before another failed, and then another. Any chance that this might simply be a technical problem was swiftly crushed - by the final recording of one probe, which showed a striker craft firing green plasma which atomised the faithful observer to dust. \"We have been discovered, Brother-Warden!\" The warning from the external sensors operator echoed sharply, a telepathic lightning bolt jolting the others into action. \"The hiveship has traced the observer signatures...they are sending strikers for us!\" Sure enough, the sensors confirmed the warning, while the Warden called up the ship's tactical display. A formation of Swarm strikers, represented in red by the holoscreen, were headed straight for the glowing blue shadow-ketch. He cursed his rashness - had he launched the observers one at a time, in different positions around the moon or around this immediate system, rather than all at once in one place, the Swarm would not have noticed. But recrimination was pointless now - death was coming their way. \"Withdraw solar sails! Activate our propulsion! Prepare for in-system jump!\" The crew obeyed, and the shadow-ketch turned from gentle cruiser to streaking arrow in an instant. All pretence of stealth was gone as the Vorentine craft sped away from the planet's moon and into open space. But the Swarm was nothing if not persistent. The striker formation, having been dispatched from the mothership, streaked onto their prey like predatory insects, their powerful drives propelling them faster than any native aircraft could ever hope to be. Slinging around the curvature of the moon, they homed in onto their quarry. Yet the Vorentine scout-ship also had advanced technology and speed on its side. Executing a flawless loop to the other-side of the solitary moon, as far away from the mothership as possible, it streaked into the void, the engines flaring from blue to purple as it made its escape at incredible speed, a silver-purple comet shooting away from the dark gnats of the Swarm. Soon enough, the vessel was in open space. But so were their pursuers. \"They are upon us!\" \"Activate point defences! Cycle up gate generation!\" The small array of point-defence turrets came online, sending streaks of blue plasma at the Swarm attackers. Two that had sped ahead of the main group were destroyed instantly, the oxygen flaring in fireballs that vanished within a second in the airless black. But the others were following close behind. At that point they began to open fire. Green-coloured plasma streaked through the vacuum, flaring up the shadow-ketch's shields. The Warden knew his vessel was no war cruiser or dromon - the shields would not stand up to such punishment for long. \"Gate generation complete! Preparing for jump!\" The simmering portal of energy that had been generated into reality by the craft's jump system crackled into being right in front of the prow. Within a second of it appearing, the Vorentine vessel shot into the portal, which closed behind with a flash. The Attackers, incensed by their prey's escape, broke off. At the farthest reaches of this solar system, beyond the furthest of the outer gas planets, beyond even the belt of ice, rock and dwarf planets that marked the farthest border, there was utter stillness. Until another shining, crackling portal opened. The shadow-ketch shot out of it like a silver dart. In less than a second afterward, the portal disappeared. The Rangers had just made it into the gate - they thanked the gods that the hull had only suffered minor damage. But this escape was only temporary - the engines would have to charge up again for a jump out of this system. There was every chance the Swarm had already traced their escape. Once again, however, fate swiftly dispensed with their assumptions. The Warden was just receiving the last details of the damage report - thanking Voren and Verix, the twin-suns and almighty gods of his race's home system, for protecting his vessel this day. It was through them alone that the damage was nowhere near as serious as it could have been. It was that same young Ranger and the sensors station who gave the next report - with great difficulty. \"Brother-Warden...the hiveship...I cannot say...\" \"Just tell me what you see,\" the Warden replied, subtly allowing for impatience to seep into his thoughts. He was still exhausted from their escape from certain death, and thus was in no mood for hesitation. This was enough for the subordinate Ranger to simply turn and face him, and get to the point. \"The hiveship has been destroyed. From the inside!\" The Ranger had been using the vessel's systems to scan the Swarm mothership at maximum range - the rangescopes were just able to pick up the image of the hiveship being present at one moment, before suddenly disappearing in a brilliant flash. \"Scans indicate high levels of radiation,\" the Ranger had turned back to his console. \"Consistent with detonations of the native nuclear warheads.\" The whole cockpit fell into silence. There were no words to be said that were worthy of what was being seen now. This was unprecedented. No-one could have imagined this to be possible. Yet the facts from this latest observation were all too clear. The humans had destroyed the main hiveship. Without it, the Swarm's forces on this world would fall into disarray - their ships would lose power, and whatever remained of their ground forces would be stranded, their process of devouring the planet halted in its tracks. In less than a single rotation of that primitive world, the tides of fortune had been reversed. The Swarm had been defeated...by such primitives...where so many others had failed. Such a revelation had to be known. The Warden knew what to do. \"Process all data - make sure everything we have seen this day is secure. Then prepare another gate. We make for the Sanctuary.\" The orders were followed to the letter. It was not long before another shimmering gate appeared, and the Shadow-Ketch vanished gracefully into it. With it went the revelation of the victory won today - one that would change the galaxy forever. A/N: For all those who enjoyed Mind of the Locusts, thank you for your patience. I hope you like what you see of this Prologue! Please review![Chapter 2] Chapter One: The Battle of Belfast Belfast, Northern Ireland, United Kingdom July 4, 1996 UK Aerial Counter-attack, Operation: JOLLY ROGER Above the Irish sea, a shadow of death crept forward. The shadow darkened the waters beneath it, blotting out the sun. The sea was also shaken and chopped, disturbed and roiled in churning waves by the enormous gravity projected by the shadow's owner, while the earth shook wherever it moved. Birds fled before it, letting off cries of danger as they flew off in great formations as far away as they could. Beneath the waves, schooling fish scattered in panic. Like every creature on this planet, they knew what was coming. This vast shadow was cast by one of the massive craft that had come to be feared the world over. It was a single disc-shaped monolith, appearing smooth from afar save for the blocky tower and indentation at the prow. Yet up close one would have been able to see a multitude of launch bays, power lanes, hangars and other devices beyond human conception. Every human on this planet, however, knew well the power of the weapon that lay in the bowels of the ship - a terrible device concealed by the armoured blast doors that made up the dome right in the eye of the central disc on the underside. When these doors opened again, the cascade beam would be unleashed once more - those beneath it would be bathed in yet another firestorm. A city destroyer, travelling to the next massacre. This particular ship had already left a trail of destruction in its wake across England - first London, then Birmingham and Liverpool had fallen to its beam of cleansing fire. Whatever had not been destroyed through that method had been seen to by the gnat-like swarms of attackers that poured from the giant vessel's launch bays; with clouds of these lethal little ships blotting out the sky and choking the land like a biblical plague. The attackers had targeted everything from military bases to defenceless convoys of refugees from the cities; these had carried both civilian and soldier, wounded and healthy, young and old, all piled onto any vehicle they had been able to board. Any innocence that these refugees might have possessed counted for nothing - for the invaders showed no mercy as the destroyer cruised unchallenged across the British Isles. Now it was headed for Ireland. The first target: Belfast, on the north-eastern coast. Once more, resistance would be attempted in the face of the alien onslaught, though every previous attempt had failed; air strikes and conventional missile barrages, from ships, submarines and land-based batteries alike, had consistently failed to penetrate the alien shields. The battles over Europe had been no exception to that of the rest of the world - in all cases they had ended in a one-sided rout of all human forces. The RAF had suffered badly, along with the French and German air forces and all other militaries on the continent. NATO bases in Europe had been the first to be attacked en masse immediately after the first strike on the cities. The Paris city destroyer, following its destruction of the French capital, had remorselessly moved on to Brussels and incinerated the alliance's main headquarters. Meanwhile, attacker swarms had overwhelmed nearly all military bases in Western Europe. Due to the density of the United Kingdom's population in such a small country - and the difficulty in evacuating that population - the British government had avoided any use of its own nuclear arsenal. The French government had followed suit and now the SSBNs (nuclear missile submarines) of both countries were hiding in the arctic circle, together with Russian and US Navy SSBNs in a vast nuclear wolf-pack, their warheads waiting to be unleashed only as a last resort. This decision was made concrete by the news of the failed American nuclear attack on a City Destroyer over Houston, and the nuclear missile launches Russia and China had attempted against the alien threat. In all of those attempts, the ICBMs of those two great eastern powers had either detonated against the destroyers' shields with no effect, or had been shot out of the sky. Following that, the aliens had traced the source of the launches and set about destroying the great missile silos in Siberia and Inner Mongolia, hamstringing the mighty nuclear arsenals of the two former communist superpowers. Both nations paid the price for failing to heed President Whitmore's warning not to use their nuclear weapons unless the Houston strike was successful. Much of what remained of humanity's nuclear arsenal was now hidden beneath the waves aboard the missile submarines, all of which kept a low profile. Thus the aliens continued their advance unchallenged across the British Isles. Having already unleashed three waves of fiery destruction, they now made ready for their fourth cleansing. Yet on the human side, there was talk of a new plan. It was broadcast as little as possible, known only to a few. But the world's militaries were co-ordinating once more, gathering what was left of humanity's strength, ready to intercept the monstrous ships as they approached their next targets. The final battle was approaching. Its outcome would decide the survival of the human race - and life on Earth itself. It would be a battle fought across the world. Belfast would be just one battlefield among many. The city made ready for war. The city had known war before - but not like this. Like the rest of the United Kingdom, Belfast had experienced the horrors of the Blitz during the Second World War - though the bombing had never been as intense as it had been over London, or other British cities such as Coventry or Liverpool. Still, after surviving that experience the city had endured another conflict - the roots of which ran much closer to home. Throughout the height of the Troubles that lasted from the late 1960s to their sudden conclusion a mere two days ago, car bombs and running gun battles had been a fact of life for the people of Belfast. Life had continued on as normal as best it could. But the capital of Ulster, along with the rest of what had once been called Ireland's 'prosperity province' had been at the centre of the violence that had gripped Ireland and England for decades. By the standards of global war, the Troubles had been a relatively low-level conflict. But people had still been killed and maimed - and as in all civil wars, many had been innocent and all parties involved had their hands stained in the process. Many who lived through those times had lost all hope of an end to the bitter conflict. In spite of a gradual de-escalation and peace talks that had occurred in the years previous - sponsored by the young president of the United States of America - an end to the violence had still been elusive. Thus, it was completely unexpected that all those who had been fighting each other on the streets of Belfast and in the Irish countryside were brought together by an even greater war - one on which the survival of all of humanity rested. The common enemy that had united humanity, however, had simply never been expected. Corporal Chris Stanton, of D Squadron SAS, certainly never expected any of what he'd seen these past few days, anymore than the rest of the planet. As he rode through the streets of Belfast in the clanking APC, he found himself again pondering everything that had happened, still pinching himself to check this wasn't all some sick dream. He and the others of his troop had been on routine deployment in Northern Ireland when the first ships arrived. They'd listened to the news, first in wonder then in horror. They had gone through hell checking for news of loved ones after London was hit; Chris, an East Londoner himself, still had no news of his parents and sister. Probably no use checking...they're gone, dead and burned... No. None of that. Switch back on. His mind cleared. Everyone around him had suffered losses of some form or another in the past couple days - no use dwelling on his own. Someone always had it worse. Today, he wanted to make sure it was the bastards who'd burned his city and family were the ones who had it worse. He saw that same determination in the eyes of all those around him. For everyone who would be fighting today, this was personal. He saw it in the eyes of Lance-Corporal Matt \"Geordie\" Sharp, his closest comrade in the troop sitting right next to him. His face was calm, but Chris knew his best mate well enough to know that right now, he was seething with rage, his eyes burning with it as they focused squarely on the cramped floor of the APC. Geordie had just yesterday heard of the attack on Manchester. Though the City Destroyer had not unleashed its terrifying beam onto his hometown, the city had not escaped the attention of the plague-like attacker swarms. The whole Manchester area had been repeatedly strafed with their green plasma, wiping out almost all civilians who had failed to get out in time - or else had just stubbornly refused to leave their homes. Geordie's family had being among them. The news he'd gotten had said it all - his parents, brothers and grandparents had all been consumed in the plasma fires. All around him, he saw that same cold fury, that unforgiving desire for vengeance. He saw it in Private Duncan Baxter, the brawny Scot whose brother - an RAF ground crew mechanic - had perished during one of the many attacks on the airbases. He saw it in Lance-Corporal Peter \"Taff\" Hughes, the doom-merchant of the troop, whose brother had gone down with HMS Ark Royal , flagship of the Royal Navy. The carrier had launched its Harrier compliment from the Channel against the aliens during the first counter-attack - but the same outcome seen across the world repeated itself in England. The Harriers had been massacred, before the attackers tracked down and strafed Ark Royal , along with her surface escorts. All hands were lost with her. He saw it in Private Doug Hatton, who like Chris was an East Londoner. His whole family was likely also to be dead. It was also there in Lance-Corporal Mark Warner, the troop's main Stinger operator and an Australian on secondment from his own country's SAS. He'd had relatives in Perth, which had been burned by a City Destroyer during the third wave. He still had no news on them, though Australia had suffered lightly from the aliens compared to the rest of the planet. He could even see it in the eyes of Troop Sergeant Gary Holmes, a tough northerner from Lancashire. He'd definitely suffered the past couple days. He'd had friends in Birmingham. Manchester too. The north of England, like the rest of the country, had lived in fear of the Attacker swarms. Make no mistake. If the alien shields could be brought down, then the scumbags hiding behind them would be made to pay for everything they'd done. \"Right lads, we're here!\" That was the driver of the APC. \"Out you get!\" The SAS men needed no encouragement. The rear doors opened and they piled out of the vehicle - an old Humber Pig, hastily procured from storage along with many other mothballed vehicles to provide the extensive logistics needed for the defence of Belfast. The Pig had been retired only a few years ago, but many other vehicles in the British Army had been expended, so whatever was available was used. The Pig had been a common sight on the streets of Belfast in the past couple decades and its appearance - a stout, robust body with a protruding bonnet like an armoured snout - had become synonymous with the British Army in Northern Ireland during the worst of the Troubles. Chris remembered these carriers well from his previous tours in Ireland - and whenever he'd seen them had found himself thinking what it would be like to live here, with those things rumbling past your house and everything else going on. Thus, there were more than enough in storage with both the British Army and Royal Ulster Constabulary to be put to good use. Earlier versions had been designed as light vehicles - but the model that Chris and his comrades had been driven in was a Mark II, which had been up-armoured to counter the bullets and RPGs of the IRA. In addition, the front had been reinforced with heavy-duty steel 'bull bars', which enabled the Pig to ram through the barricades frequently erected on the streets of Londonderry and Belfast. As a vehicle, it had been designed for the Troubles and was a symbol of that conflict - now this Pig was contributing to the defence of this city and all its people. It was a clanking, noisy old wagon, and cramped too. Designed to fit only six passengers, the seven-man SAS team had been forced to make do and squeeze in. Chris wasn't sorry to get out of it. They'd been dropped off at a warehouse in Holywood, a suburb located in the north-east of the city, directly facing Belfast Lough. The local commanders had calculated that this was an ideal location to set up a Stinger position. Chris's team was armed with two of the shoulder-mounted missile launchers, and would base themselves here. They would not be alone. Already a Rapier missile battery was positioned on the roof of the warehouse, and Chris could see other Rapier positions around the area - in the open in the nearby car parks and football pitches, or tucked inside the clusters of detached and back-to-back houses in the suburb. Nor would it just be the British Army helping out here. As Chris and his comrades stretched their legs from the ride in the Pig, an Alvis Saracen - another veteran APC from the troubles - pulled up at the same warehouse, together with a white van. This six-wheeled vehicle could carry nine passengers - more than the Pig - but it was not carrying British soldiers. The men who piled out of the Saracen were mostly dressed in civilian attire, with the odd camo-jacket - though nearly all of them wore balaclavas. They were armed with a scattered variety of weapons - Kalashnikovs, hand-guns, Uzis, AR-15s - basically anything and everything the organisation they were affiliated with had been able to get their hands on in past years. \"Never thought we'd be fighting together with those bastards...\" Taffy muttered. Chris couldn't have imagined it either. But then, who would ever have imagined an alien invasion to begin with? The leader of the armed men quick-stepped towards Sergeant Holmes, his face neutral. The Troop Sergeant's expression was just as unreadable. \"Eoin O'Shea,\" the man introduced himself curtly with a distinctive Ulster accent, \"Provisional Irish Republican Army. Take it your lads are ready?\" Holmes replied with an equally curt nod. \"You ought to know by now - my lads are always ready.\" O'Shea smirked. \"We've caught your lot when you're not ready often enough.\" Chris saw Geordie bristle at this, but he touched his comrade's arm, restraining him. The Manchester lad had a short fuse - it was always a good idea to keep it in check. Holmes took the IRA man's snark in stride. \"We've done the same to you often enough.\" He returned the smirk. \"So let's call it even for today, eh?\" O'Shea nodded. \"My lads'll take position on the south side of this warehouse here. You fine with the north?\" \"You've got the MANPADS then?\" \"Aye.\" O'Shea gestured to a couple of his men, who were busy unloading ordnance from the white van. This largely included what were unmistakably portable SAM launchers, along with the missiles they fired. Chris recognised the type instantly. They were Russian-designed and produced Strela-2 man-portable SAM launchers (MANPADS), known better by their NATO reporting name - SA-7. Capable of launching anti-aircraft missiles with infra-red homing warheads, these weapons had been as heavily produced and widely exported by the former Soviet Union as the Kalashnikov rifle, serving in conflicts across the world. The weapon itself had been in production since 1968 - production that continued after the fall of communism in Russia, as well as in China under license. Still, the lethality of the Strela was not to be underestimated. Chris knew that during the Gulf War a heavily armed US AC-130 Spectre gunship had been brought down by one such missile, during the fighting at Khafji. Today, greater expectations would be place on the weapon. Expectations that had to be met. There had been rumours circulating that the Provisional IRA had acquired SA-7s since the late '80s. Following the collapse of the USSR, the black market had become chock full of them, and the IRA had stepped up their procurement efforts. Shooting down one of the many army and police helicopters that roamed the skies of Ulster would have been a major coup for them. Now, these weapons would be used together with the Stinger and Blowpipe MANPADs of the British Army. Chris's troop carried two examples of the former - and he and Mark were the troop's two stinger operators. Other Stinger-armed SAS teams were taking position across the city at that very moment. \"We're all set,\" O'Shea continued. \"We'll cover the south side, you'll take the north. We should have the whole of this harbour covered - along with everyone else.\" Holmes nodded. \"Let's get to it then.\" Thus the former adversaries deployed to their positions, each covering the other. Together, they would form a short-range SAM battery on this warehouse - one of many scattered throughout the city. Once O'Shea's men unloaded their own SAMs from the van, the SAS soon set about retrieving their own lethal Stinger missiles from the bowels of the same vehicle. The MANPADS were key to the air defence of this city - so many of the heavier SAM launchers had been destroyed in running battles with the invaders these past two days. Chris considered it a miracle there were any left to support the shoulder-firing boys like himself, positioned across the city on rooftops, towers and concealed street corners. Alongside the many MANPAD teams, additional Rapier missile batteries were also deployed across Belfast, the air defence specialists of the Royal Artillery and Royal Marines ready for action. As Chris and his comrades took position on the north roof of the warehouse, he looked out over the city to see dozens of Rapier batteries stationed on other rooftops, in street corners, and even on the decks of merchant ships still in the harbour. The current look of the Belfast skyline made him think of a giant rocket-pad from some old B-flick. There were more advanced SAMs in Belfast that day, he knew. The Yanks who'd survived the attacks on their bases in the UK had been able to retrieve a few of their Patriot systems - these were mostly deployed in concealed positions throughout the outskirts. Together with the Rapiers, Chris could also see the barrels of anti-aircraft guns stationed across the other rooftops - mostly twin barrelled Oerlikons. The city's air defence was not limited to land-based missile and gun batteries, either. Chris turned his gaze to the harbour, and the flotilla of navy warships gathered within the confines of Belfast Lough, as well as outside its vast mouth. There was a Royal Navy Type 42 destroyer at the mouth of the Lough, with a Type 22 frigate trailing behind it. This formation - known as 'Type 64' - had been first deployed to great effect during the Falklands War. The Type 42's long-range Sea Dart missiles would be able to take down aerial targets further out, while the Type 22 would cover the destroyer against low-flying attackers at short-range, using its Sea Wolf point-defence missiles. In addition, the systems and missiles of both of these ships had been upgraded since the war with Argentina in 1982. Now, their missiles were primed and ready for battle once more. Three such 'Type 64' pairs waited at the mouth of the Lough - though Chris could only see one. In any case, as the outermost air defence vessels, the SAS trooper knew they would be sacrificial lambs - juicy targets to draw the aliens in. The same was true of the other warships in the Lough - though they had the luxury of being further within its protective havens. These included other Type 22s as well as the more modern Type 23 frigates - their Sea Wolf launchers primed and ready. There was also the old Assault ship HMS Fearless - another Falklands veteran - that had been refitted with an array of flak guns, converted into a huge floating AA battery. Yet there were other warships not of the Royal Navy. Proudly flying the star-spangled banner, a single Ticonderoga -class cruiser, the USS Bunker Hill , waited at her position in the Lough. Her RIM-67 surface-to-air missiles, fired from her eight-cell Mark 41 Vertical Launch System, would provide much-needed firepower to the Belfast air-defences. The vessel was thirteen years old - but Chris hoped the ship's weapons would be luckier than its age. Alongside the mighty American cruiser was a single Arleigh Burke -class destroyer, USS Carney . By contrast, this ship was only a few months into its commission. Chris knew from experience that new equipment wasn't always reliable - especially if it hadn't been tried and tested. Still, both US Navy ships were fitted with the famed Aegis defence system - which hopefully would prove its worth. Other foreign ships included the lone French frigate Cassard , armed with a license-built version of the Bunker Hill 's air-defence missiles. There was also a Bremen -class frigate of the German Bundesmarine , armed with short-range Sea Sparrows - another sign of how the old conflicts were now so far away in the face of an alien threat. There was one final foreign navy whose presence indicated this fact even more. Chris could never have imagined fighting alongside them just over a decade ago, when he'd been stationed as part of the NATO force in West Germany. In the middle of the Lough lurked the largest of the warships present - a single nuclear-powered Kirov -class battlecruiser, Admiral Nakhimov of the Russian Navy. Alongside her was the only relatively smaller Slava -class missile cruiser, Marshal Ustinov ; conventionally powered, though like her nuclear counterpart still heavily armed. Both of these vessels had been on their way to a goodwill visit to the Portsmouth on July 2nd - and they had both been extremely lucky to make it to the safety of Belfast harbour. As the pride of the former Soviet Northern Fleet, these cruisers were both suitably impressive, and dominated the view of the Lough. Chris knew that appearances were deceptive, however. The aftermath of the Soviet collapse had not been kind on their hulls and superstructure, which showed signs of degradation. The Russian Navy had been short of funds and spare parts for years - even before the invasion, it had required a great effort on their part to get these two Cold War-era leviathans ready for a goodwill tour. When the Russian cruisers had finally arrived in Belfast after a herculean journey around devastated Britain, they had been barely capable of moving - they had to be towed into the Lough by tugs. The Nakhimov was now rendered motionless altogether - its reactor had been shut down and removed with considerable effort due to risk of detonation by enemy fire. Still, motion would not matter in this battle. The Rear-Admiral who commanded both ships had agreed that they should serve as stationary SAM batteries. In this, they were well equipped - the Nakhimov and Ustinov were both armed with S-300F long-range SAMs, a naval version of Russia's most powerful air defence system. The S-300 was also the longest-range AA missile in Belfast defences - a weapon that would prove crucial to the battle plan. Taken all together, Beflast had been transformed into one huge flak trap; in its streets, in its buildings, in its harbour, in its Lough. Corporal Chris Stanton, his comrades and their two Stinger launchers were but one tiny part of this great trap. It was a trap that had to work. The City Destroyer cruised onward, towards the next nest of vermin to be burned away. Within its fortified command centre, the Navigator oversaw all. One of many throughout the hive fleet, one each stationed aboard a Destroyer craft, all answering to the Master Navigator aboard the main hiveship. Beneath them were the commanders, those of the Protector caste. Beneath them, the multitudes of warriors and drones. Yet all were one in the Swarm. The Navigators were no more rulers of this Hive Fleet than individual brain cells were rulers of a single body. The Hive Mind united them all, as one unstoppable army that had laid waste to worlds. The Navigator hung from its position in the command centre - its massive head pulsated with psychic energy as it sent commands throughout the local hive mind. The creature's shrivelled limbs twitched spastically as it hung in mid-air. Pairs of its tentacles cycled across the holographic controls of the command centre, while others remained plugged into the organic power sockets above, uniting the Navigator with the ship it commanded in near-permanent union. The single tiny pair of regressive eyes regarded the tactical displays, above a small, toothed mouth that opened periodically as its owner took rasping breaths,. There was no real need for those eyes - they had regressed beyond practical use among the Navigator caste. The Navigator saw the world through its advanced psychic senses, and through the systems of the ship it was fused with. The cameras and surveillance drones gave the Navigator hundreds of artificial eyes, each giving so many views inside and outside the enormous craft. For a time, it had seen nothing but boundless ocean. Now, it could see a green sliver of coastline on the horizon - and the distinct form of native buildings, clustered together in another of their sprawling cities, a foul grey nest vomited across an otherwise rich and green landscape, polluting and rotting what the Swarm needed like a fungus. That nest needed to be burned, like all the others. The Swarm needed such rich, fertile land, with all the food and riches it held. Secure within the great tower at the front of the vessel, the Navigator once more issued a minor course-correction, ensuring the shortest-possible route to the target - a sprawling nest located on the north-eastern edge of the western-most island in the pitiful archipelago that this Destroyer had ravaged over the past few rotations. The Navigator of this vessel had begun the assault at the same time as the rest of the Swarm - with the destruction of the single largest nest in these islands, located on the larger eastern isle. That destruction had reduced the vermin population considerably in this area, but it was still not at the lowest levels deemed acceptable for colonisation to begin. So two more cities had been burned. Now this one would follow. According to intercepted native signals and the Destroyer's reconnaissance pickets, the next target had become a focal point of resistance, as the native vermin seemed to be gathering their forces in many different places across the planet. Clearly a final strike was being planned. The Swarm would meet the strike. Then the Vermin would be beaten, having spent the last of their strength. There was no outcome in which this final strike could bring them victory. Victory would belong to the Swarm alone. The Navigator was assured of this - it had met many native counter-attacks. None had been able to penetrate the Destroyer's shields. All had failed - and the vermin attackers wiped out. The same was true for all Destroyers. So there was no reason to believe that the coming action would be anything other than routine, as the Navigator calmly directed the vessel closer to final victory. \"Here the bastard comes!\" Geordie Sharp's words echoed across the rooftop. Chris just simply focused his eye into the big scope of the Stinger launcher, focusing on the approaching leviathan in the sky. His face was covered by a gas-mask, designed to protect him from the smoke and other effects of a Stinger launch. The size of a large city and shaped like a manhole cover, the alien Destroyer craft maintained its course to Belfast. For anyone who saw it the first time, the sheer size was mind-boggling - how a leviathan like that could stay airborne seemed incomprehensible. The thing was a product of an intelligence beyond humanity, alien and unnatural. To Chris, it looked like a huge approaching storm cloud - an unstoppable force of nature. He prayed he was wrong. The whole troop maintained their cool as best they could, priming the Stingers for combat. The City Destroyer cruised closer, until it entered the maximum range of the Nakhimov and Ustinov 's missiles. Any moment now, the first part of the battle plan would happen. It all depended on the signal from the Americans. Everyone knew that signal had been received when from the middle of Belfast Lough, the Russian warships unleashed their long-range SAMs, the engines flaring like lanterns, leaving great clouds of smoke that drifted across the Lough. The S-300F missiles rocketed through the sky like comets, leaving fiery trails behind them as they streaked towards the City Destroyer. As the weapons neared their massive target, everyone prayed that the rumours were true - that a way had been found to lower the alien shields, that the mission to infiltrate the Mother Ship had succeeded, that the Americans were not making false claims. As the warheads detonated against the unshielded hull, sending flaming, building sized chunks of hull-plate tumbling into the waters below, those prayers were answered. The shields were down. At the sight of the hits, Geordie yelled out like a maniac. \"GOT THE FUUCKERR!\" Chris fist-pumped even as he kept hold of the Stinger, letting out a cry of his own. \"HOT SHIT! RIGHT IN THE EYE!\" The rest of the troop let out their own woops, together with the IRA militia and artillerists manning the Rapier, before Troop Sergeant Holmes quelled them all. \" Pack it in! We've not won this yet!\" Following the Russian success, the USS Bunker Hill unleashed her Aegis guided SAMs. These were joined by the Sea Darts of the Type 42s, then the land-based Patriots. Soon the sky was filled with missile trails, rising up to strike the unshielded foe. The giant saucer was wreathed with explosions. In positions across the city, more cheering could be heard, joining with the roars and hisses of the missiles, the echoing booms of warheads finding their mark. The great orchestra of sound was a herald for the storm to come. The Battle of Belfast had begun. The Navigator let out a hiss of irritation from its small, toothed mouth as it struggled to process the new information. The screens were still flickering through some form of distortion - a system error that had appeared only minutes ago. All Navigators aboard all other Destroyers had reported the same error - it had been first dismissed as trivial but now it was becoming a serious problem. The crew under the Navigator's command confirmed the story through the Hive Mind - the shielding had been compromised across the whole Hive Fleet. The natives had taken advantage of this - their weapons were for the first time causing damage, even if it was only superficial. The sound of their warheads detonating echoed and reverberated throughout the ship. A few struck the outside of the control tower, lightly shaking the chamber and jolting the Navigator in its perch, snarling as it was riled. This had to be dealt with until the shields could be restored. The Navigator again sent a message to the main Hiveship, co-ordinating with the Master of its kind aboard the greater vessel in orbit, as it cycled through the systems to locate the error. Then, it sent a simple command across the local telepathic field, to the many warriors and striker pilots aboard the Destroyer. Neutralise opposition in nest ahead. As the command echoed through the hive, the Navigator inserted another tentacle into one of the many control sockets. Through this appendage, it sent another psychic command - and the great hangar doors of the destroyer opened. On the many view screens, it saw the great clouds of attackers under its command issue from the hangars, ready for battle once more as they swarmed towards the narrow havens where the native missiles had been traced to. They would not fail. They could not. Chris suppressed a gulp as the locust-like clouds of Attackers drew closer to the Belfast Lough at incredible speed, swarming from the City Destroyer like enraged wasps from a shaken nest. They were coming in droves towards the city, ready to unleash hell. It's all part of the plan , he kept telling himself. The attacker swarms needed to be lured into the Belfast flak trap, as far away from the City Destroyer as possible. Of course, the generals always had their plans - and it was the soldiers who had to fight to survive. The lightning-fast sting-ray Attackers swept over the Lough and then over the city port, the whines and whistles of their engines filling the air, their shrieking, high-pitched armament showering the ships and city below with green plasma. The human warships in turn opened up with their closer-range weapons, along with the emplacements across the city. Hissing white contrails and black clouds of booming flak erupted across the great waterway and skyline. \" Now's the time boys! \" Sergeant Holmes' words weren't needed - Chris had already painted one of the oncoming Attackers in his Stinger-sight. Whatever propulsion the aliens used for their ships still wasn't known - but it emitted heat just like any human power source. The targeting systems read positive and locked on to the enemy heat signature. The Attacker he'd targeted was the nearest, headed straight for his troop's warehouse. Chris wasn't going to let him get any closer. He pulled the trigger. The heat-seeking missile left the launcher with a cough, followed by the roar of the rocket-engine. Smoke swept over Chris and Geordie as this happened, but both were protected by their gas-masks. Through the scope, Chris had gotten a good view of the attacker - included the dome of its cockpit. He was now lucky enough to see that cockpit shattered as his missile struck it right in the face. He grinned. The Attackers had lost their shields too. \"That's for Greenwich, motherfuckers!\" He yelled as the Attacker spiralled downward in a ball of fire, proudly screaming the area of his birth. Not invincible. Not immortal. They could be killed like any human aircraft or soldier - once they had no energy shields to hide behind. For a brief, terrifying moment his celebration turned to panic as the Attacker spiralled down in flames towards his position. But instead of crashing into the warehouse it barrelled overhead, dangerously low above the troop, before crashing and burning somewhere further into the city. The roaring of collapsing masonry and shattering concrete marked the crash - it must have destroyed a building somewhere. At the same time, Mark had fired his own Stinger launcher, sending another Attacker plunging into the Lough. The militants in turn fired their SA-7s, scoring kills of their own. They were joined by Doug Hatton, who'd taken one of their spare SA-7 launchers. The Rapier battery on the roof had also been firing, and Chris could hear so many other weapons opening up across the city, from heavy machine-guns to Patriot missiles - but he wasn't able to see the result of every single missile launch, or every flak burst. There was too much smoke from all the missiles that had been fired on this roof - not to mention the sound of the battle around him, so loud it felt like having needles pushed into his ears. He couldn't possibly keep track of it all in the heat of battle, not while he had a job to do. All he could focus on was his own position, on this warehouse roof - so he was riveted on helping Geordie re-load the launcher so he could fire it again. When the launcher was finally reloaded, Chris painted another, more distant ship in his scope - and fired again, hitting the bastard right in his engines. The stricken Attacker screamed downward in a comet-tail of fire, crashing into the stern of one of the civilian container ships. That cargo ship somehow survived - but Chris could see others hadn't. An orange mushroom cloud was still rising from somewhere at the mouth of the Lough - that had to be at least one of the Royal Navy destroyers. Even without their shields, the alien craft were still lethal. Immediately after his second launch, Chris was looked just in time to witness an even more catastrophic loss. Several salvos of plasma struck the Admiral Nakhimov as a cluster of alien fighters swept over her, just at the bow below the main launchers - Chris knew that was where the bloody ammo magazines must be. There still had to be tons of missiles and shells aboard the cruiser. He was proved right. A great pillar of roaring fire erupted from the bow section of the huge cruiser - the ship shuddered and let out deep structural groans before being engulfed by an even greater explosion which tore her clean in half, bow and aft ripped apart. The SAS troop turned in shock from what they were doing as the sight of the explosion captured them. They were struck instantly by the deafening sound and resulting shockwave, sending even the burly Sergeant Holmes off his feet. The flash was blinding, like a new star being born. As he and his comrades picked-themselves and looked on in open-mouthed horror, their ears ringing in pain, Chris thought of the fate of HMS Hood at the hands of the Bismarck during World War Two. The same horrific scene was replayed now as the Nakhimov 's stern and bow projected upwards, as the two halves quickly sank. Fires raged across the water as oil and ammunition ignited. Chris only turned away when he saw what could only be the crewmembers, writhing in flames and hurling themselves into the water from the sinking ship. He didn't want to think about how many had perished. He had to get back into action. He roared out an order, even though he couldn't hear himself over his ringing, damaged ears. \" C'mon Geordie, get that bloody thing loaded! \" He pulled his comrade to his feet, gesturing wildly at the launcher. But before they could do anything, another explosion, this one on the roof itself, knocked him right on his backside, his head thudding onto the concrete. Seconds later, Holmes barrelled in over him, roaring at the top of his lungs and wildly gesturing in another direction. The smoke clouds from the roof explosion and the Nakhimov' s demise swept over them. Chris choked and coughed on the cordite fumes and oily smoke. But then the ringing stopped - with a rush of air and sound, his hearing returned. \" You heard me, you fucking piss-heads - get off the bloody roof! Let's go! GO! \" Chris could now hear the Sarge's words loud and clear, and wasn't about to argue. Mark, the loud-mouthed Australian, backed him up as he grabbed his own launcher and ran. \"You heard the Sarge, mates! Now would be a very good time to leave!\" The SAS troopers sprinted towards the nearest fire-escape stairs, taking their Stinger launchers with them, their combat boots clanking on the metal. Close behind them were the IRA men - and Chris noticed that a few of them, including O'Shea, weren't following. They'd definitely had it. He looked back over his shoulder, seeing the source of the explosion on the roof. The rapier launcher had taken a direct hit - now it was nothing but twisted molten metal, it's crew vaporised in the plasma strike. The missiles had also detonated when the plasma struck, though fortunately most of them had been fired off beforehand. Chris knew that he and his mates were lucky to be alive. Once they had all reached street-level, it was clear to Chris that they had to get away from the warehouse as soon as possible - the building was in flames, spewing noxious black smoke. More to the point, the aliens were sending more of their attack craft this way. \" This way! Get to the bikes! \" The shout came from one of the IRA men. They'd brought a small fleet of motorbikes, some of which had been loaded into the white van that came with them, while others had already been pre-stocked in the warehouse. The bikes had been concealed around the back of the warehouse in a side alley, and would now serve as getaway vehicles. There were eight in total - both civilian and military issue - more than enough to get the survivors out. Chris immediately started for one of the bikes, along with Geordie. \"Give us some room Chris!\" The Mancunian barked. \"You know I'm the better driver!\" \" Up yours ...\" Chris retorted. Nonetheless, Geordie got the driver's seat, while Chris was happy to take the passenger seat behind him. He made sure his Stinger launcher was secure on his back, before strapping himself in. They wasted no time. Sergeant Holmes mounted one of the bikes, an IRA man with an RPG riding shotgun behind him. The motorbike engines started with a roar. With the Sarge in the lead, they sped away, one by one, from the warehouse and out of the alley. Geordie revved up his bike's engine with a furious whine, gunning like mad, while behind him Chris hung on for dear life. At this point, he didn't even care that he wasn't wearing a crash helmet. With a roar and whine of his engine and tyres, Geordie skidded the bike in a sharp turn out of the alley. He and the other bikers winded like mad through the side streets, until they finally broke out of the small cluster of warehouses. Soon they found themselves on the broad, open route of one of the city's main roads - the A2, also called Belfast Road. The highway was practically empty of traffic, save for small convoys that continued to make much-needed supply runs to troops scattered throughout the city. Their bravery in the face of overwhelming enemy air power was incredible - the convoy vehicles dashed along the roads, defying all odds to deliver much-needed ammunition and equipment. Across this road lay the parish of Holywood proper - with its rows of suburban houses, ancient churches and priories. It was also the site of many other missile batteries and anti-aircraft gun emplacements, fortified for attack. As such, the whole area was a prime target - the alien attackers were swarming the parish, strafing it repeatedly. The whole of Holywood seemed to be in flames, marked with violent explosions as plasma met the SAM batteries and their ammunition stores. In short, it was not where the SAS troop and their allies wanted to be. They continued to speed along the main road, further towards the city centre. Of course, the A2 was not a good place to be either. Chris felt the howling wind rush over him, tearing at his fatigues and forcing his head down, clinging on to the bike and Geordie's backside as they screamed down the motorway at full speed. Just then, he caught the sight of one of the supply convoys going the other way, on the opposite carriageway. Four small military trucks, and two commandeered civilian vans. They must have been carrying ammunition - there was no other way they could have exploded so violently as two alien Attackers strafed the convoy with plasma, scoring direct hits on the convoy. The trucks were thrown into the air like toys - one somersaulted twice over the centre of the road, before crashing onto the carriageway the soldiers' motorcycles were using in a mess of flaming wreckage, right in front of Chris and Geordie's bike. Geordie violently swerved the motorcycle out of the way just in time, the tyres and engine screeching as a piece of red-hot metal narrowly missed Chris's head. As the troop sped on, the supply convoy was completely obliterated behind them - the sound of the explosions assaulted their ears, the smell of explosive was in the air, while the heat from the roaring fireballs washed over SAS trooper and IRA militant alike. Chris swore at the top of his lungs. Making sure he was still strapped on, he un-shouldered his 203 rifle. Aiming as best he could, he fired at the nearest Attacker that swept over their heads. There was not a chance in hell that he would bring it down - but his comrades might join in firing on his target, causing more damage. Besides, he'd be damned if he didn't at least scratch the bastard's paint. \"We gotta get out of this shit lads!\" the Sarge bellowed over the radio, as the Attackers swept back for another pass. \"The city airport's the nearest rally point - let's go!\" Belfast had two airports; the larger Belfast International which was located in the west of the city, and Belfast City. The latter, a smaller single runway airport, mostly dealt with UK and Republic of Ireland national flights. In this battle, however, it was a key strong point, located just south-west of where the SAS troop's first position had been in Holywood. Many SAM and Triple-A batteries were set up there, along with plenty of troops defending them. Chris knew it made sense that his troop would be pulled back to that airport. If this had been peaceful times, the bikers would have proceeded along the A2 further to the south-west, until taking a turn right of the main road into the car park at the airport entrance. That day on July 4th, 1996, however, was anything but peaceful. Even now, the alien Attackers were making their next strafing run along the main road, throwing up columns of fire, shrapnel, dust and asphalt. Chris knew they had to get the hell off the A2 as soon as possible - that meant taking the first junction they came too to the left, which in turn would take them across a bridge over the main road. They would then pass through a retail park of shopping centres, until they reached the very foot of the runway at Belfast City Airport, at the very edge of the airport grounds. The bikes gunned it to that junction, Sergeant Holmes in the lead. Yet another Attacker made a pass over the impromptu bike squadron, spitting green energy. Chris saw the IRA gunman on the back of Holmes' bike raise the RPG-7 he was toting. Taking a hasty aim, he fired at the oncoming alien ship. The RPG round, against all odds, managed to strike the Attacker on its starboard pincer. This would never have been enough to bring the craft down, but it was clearly damaged. It broke off, deterred by the unexpected retaliation. The bikes dashed into the junction on the left, just near a local health club. Swinging around with the U-turn in the road, they then dashed across the small bridge that spanned the A2. By a miracle, all of the bikes made it to the other side before two more Attackers raked the bridge with plasma, causing it to collapse across the motorway in a roaring shower of metal and concrete. Chris glanced over his shoulder at the destruction behind him, wheezing in shock. How none of his troop had been killed on this damned A-road, God only knew. The bikes were small targets, but there were still a lot of those manta-like Attackers in the air. Of course, that meant that command's plan was working - enough of the attackers had been drawn away from the City Destroyer. But that didn't make Chris's life easier. The troop sped on, roaring through the retail district. To their right, Chris could see a vast open car park of a Sainsbury's supermarket; there were radar-directed, automated twin-barrelled Oerlikon GDF anti-aircraft guns in both the car park and on the roof of the supermarket. These guns were firing away, filling the sky with flak. One of the alien craft flew right into the flak bursts, which sent it plunging down in flames. Confident that the guns would cover them, the troop passed through the car park. This turned out to be a bad move - the Attackers could shoot back. A trio of the manta-ray craft dive-bombed the Sainsbury's area, strafing as they went. Chris and Geordie were just riding past the petrol station attached to the supermarket when the first plasma struck. The petrol station blew up instantly with a great thunderclap in a violent fireball, consuming the supermarket with it as that building was also blown apart by more plasma raining down. \"FUCK!\" Geordie swore at the top of his voice, revving the engine like mad as he and Chris both feeling the searing heat wash over them, flaming petrol raining down around them. Chris's fatigues were on fire several places, and he swatted to put himself out. \"My bloody eyebrows!\" Fortunately, they suffered no other harm. But as the bikes sped away, Chris saw that not everyone had been lucky. Trooper Doug Hatton had been riding shotgun with one of the IRA men - now his bike was nowhere to be seen, lost in the flames. As the rest of the troop assembled safely, on the green at the foot of the runway, they all knew he wouldn't be joining them. There was no time to mourn - they had to reach friendly headquarters near the airport control tower and terminal buildings as soon as possible. That meant riding all the way down the runway, right out in the open. Even as they set off for that final, desperate dash, Chris could hear the damned whines of the attackers as they closed in on their prey, like hornets swarming in the air. They knew they had little chance - there was no cover on the tarmac of the runway, save for the scattered remains of destroyed, burning airliners further down the field. Until then, it was open ground. The attackers would have a field day. Chris saw two of them directly in the sky ahead, swooping down towards the humans on their puny transports like falcons diving on mice. This was where he would die. As Trooper Chris Stanton closed his eyes, awaiting the inevitable, he was jarred by a sudden explosion. It wasn't on the ground. And there was more than one blast. He looked up to see twin fireballs where the two Attackers had been, flaming fragments and wreckage raining down onto the runway. The bikers swerved violently to avoid it all. Chris looked up - he'd thought the aliens had been brought down by another SAM or flak burst. Instead, he was rewarded by the sight of two Harriers - Sea Harrier FA2s, or FRS1s, he couldn't be sure - screaming over their heads, fresh from their kills. Empty slots on their wings marked the Sidewinder missiles they had just fired, blasting the invaders from the sky. Chris pumped his fist. \"Hot shit!\" Geordie bellowed in triumph with him. As he turned his head to see the whole of the sky - and saw the vast armada of jets of all types - Harriers, Hawks, Jaguars, Tornadoes, Canberras. Most incredible of all, Chris could see, right in the rear-centre of the formation, a flight of four delta-winged Avro Vulcans, their Rolls-Royce Olympus engines roaring in the sky, like a mighty god of war letting out a call to battle. They flew together with Handley Page Victors - like the Vulcan, former nuclear bombers of V-force, Britain's primary nuclear deterrent during the Cold War until missile submarines took over. Both aircraft were now ancient, retired years ago. Yet enough airframes had survived to be brought out of storage, restored and flown into this, the great battle for human survival, for planet Earth itself. Besides these, there was a host of foreign aircraft - French Mirages and Super Etendards, Swedish Drakens, German Dornier Alpha Jets and so many others Chris could not identify. It was an armada of British and foreign jets alike, headed straight for the City Destroyer that was still advancing on the city. As Trooper Chris Stanton watched them all, a grin swallowing his masked and balaclava-clad face, he knew that the plan had worked. The alien quick fighters had been diverted, lured into attacking the ground positions throughout Belfast, as well as the ships in the Lough. They had lost a good deal of their number in the process, leaving their mother craft virtually unprotected in pursuing the distraction. The RAF, Fleet Air Arm and the other allied air forces now had a clear shot at the Destroyer, thanks to the Belfast flak trap. Thanks to the men of Chris's troop, and so many others. The alien Attackers had realised the distraction too late. The human aircraft were high in the sky - and caught between the ground positions and the oncoming air threat, for a moment they almost didn't seem to know which way to turn. The cluster of Attackers closest to the airport, the same ones that had chased the SAS troop across the A2 to the airport, made their decision. They attempted to pursue the two Harriers which were now rejoining the attack on the Destroyer - but they were knocked out of the sky in quick succession by Rapier missiles and flak shells. Their hulls crashed to the ground, broken, burning and defeated. However, not all would easy for the flyboys. More attackers were breaking off from the assault on Belfast, zooming up into the sky to confront the aerial armada of the insolent humans who had dared to outwit them. The troop rode on, making full speed to the terminal. They passed armed soldiers of the British and Irish Army alike, marching along the runway area towards defensive positions at the main airport buildings. There was no doubt they had been forced to fall back here too. As he heard the cheers of these Allied troops for the SAS as they sped by, Chris felt something he hadn't in the past few days. Hope. Hope that they could hurt these aliens, and hurt them good. That he and his fellow soldiers could prevail. That they could now fight. That they could win. Author's note: Part one of the Battle of Belfast. Part two will follow.[Chapter 3] Chapter Two – Victory at Belfast Belfast, Northern Ireland, United Kingdom July 4, 1996 In the skies above the city of Belfast, the vast human air fleet closed with its target. The gargantuan City Destroyer was something impossible to miss – but every pilot involved in the attack made sure to keep their planes in attack formation and on track. Proper co-ordination, as well as concentration of firepower, would be the keys to victory in this battle. Not all of the aircraft would be launching the attack in fixed formation, of course – this only applied to the bombers and strike aircraft. Their sole task was to deliver ordnance to the gigantic craft that loomed ever closer. The escorting fighters were a different story. The Sea Harriers, Tornado fighters, Drakens and Mirages were already breaking formation to engage the swarms of Alien Attackers that were now swiftly abandoning their attack on the city to engage the human aircraft above them. The human deception had clearly been exposed – the alien fighters knew they had been lured into an attack on the Belfast ground defences, away from their City Destroyer; a target that was now in the sights of the approaching bombers. Yet despite their quick reaction, the aliens were changing direction too late – the bombers were too far and out of the invaders' reach, soaring towards their target at high-altitude. Meanwhile, humanity's various jet fighters streaked down from above to intercept and destroy the duped Attackers. Within seconds, the opposing fighters clashed, duelling in one mighty dogfight above the Belfast skyline. Vapour trails from jet engines and missiles, streams of tracer from cannons, green flashes of alien plasma and the explosions of fallen combatants of both sides soon decorated the clear sky, as the fighters pursued one another in spheres of chaotic manoeuvres and desperate evasions. The Sea Harriers, flown by expert fighter pilots (Harrier selection standards were always high), deftly manoeuvred amongst their foes, letting loose Sidewinder missiles whenever they achieved a lock. Supersonic Mirages and Drakens streaked to and fro, their sonic-booms echoing adding to the grim orchestra of the battle. The human pilots had independent thought and decision-making on their side; they adapted their tactics with every turn and twist of combat, dodging plasma shots and duelling the invaders for supremacy of the skies. They coordinated amongst each other, maximising their efforts to bring down as many of the alien fighters as possible. The Swarm had no such advantage. Their Hive Mind did not allow for it. Had they been human pilots or commanders, they would have recognized that something was seriously wrong the moment their shields went down, and changed tactics. Had they been capable of individual decision and innovation, there would have been no continued swarming of their enemy with greater numbers of Attackers; such direct methods simply incurred heavy casualties. The Attackers would have re-organised themselves into more flexible and disciplined formations, in order to better dodge enemy fire. Instead of blindly rushing the native defences and fighters, they would have bombarded them from afar, either by using the attackers in high-altitude attacks, or simply using the weapons on the City Destroyer, which weathered the human weaponry far better than its Attacker broods. As no such individual innovation existed on the part of any their common pilots – and since their systems were still in disarray – the Swarm was slow to respond to these new circumstances. Every human pilot interviewed after the battle's end stated that there was no change of tactics on the part of any of the alien Attacker pilots they faced, or even any visible attempt to acknowledge and compensate for the loss of their energy shields. The enemy continued to behave as they had done before; with the same single-minded, zealous determination to kill or be killed. By contrast, the humans had learned fast in the past few days. The invaders paid the price for this. Flowers of orange fire bloomed as scores of the now-vulnerable Attackers were brought down. Yet they were still lethal – now and then, human aircraft decorated the sky with their own explosions, as the green plasma could still find its lethal mark. This spectacle in the air easily rivalled the plumes of black smoke from the many fires that burned on throughout the city of Belfast, or the bright lines of AA tracers and booming clouds of flak that had previously dominated the skies. Yet this could still be seen as the anti-aircraft artillery and SAM batteries continued to stitch the sky and any alien craft that entered their sight, while scoring further kills of their own. However, the ground defences were obliged to reduce their fire, in order to avoid hitting friendly aircraft – while the human fighters were obliged to avoid designated 'flak zones', in order to allow the ack-ack gunners unobstructed and uninterrupted fire in these areas. But it was the bombers that were the single most important element of the human battle-plan over Belfast, centred on the ancient Vulcans and Victors that screamed their arrival above the city. They carried the most potent ordnance – and the prime aiming point on the City Destroyer was the skyscraper-sized blocky fin located at what was designated as the prow of these vessels. This structure was now widely acknowledged to be the command centre of the vessel. As such, it was the bombers' target – and they were not alone. From their cockpits, the pilots could make out a great cluster of innumerable contrails streaking from the east; a sight that heralded a fleet of cruise missiles fired from ships further along the Irish coast, as well as from submarines hidden further out to sea, arrived over the battlefield after a flight of many hundreds of miles. The arrival of these missiles looked almost like a fleet of comets, streaking from off-shore and through the atmosphere in fiery trails. Since cruise missiles flew subsonically, it was possible for observers on the ground to see them as they streaked towards the hovering alien leviathan. With good enough binoculars, it was even possible to make out the shape and features of the missiles themselves, even their type. Most were American Tomahawks, though some Russian-made missiles, launched from that country's submarines, were also present in the great fleet of high explosive that now made contact with the invaders. The missiles struck, their explosions chaining across the Destroyer's hull and command centre, as the bombers closed in. The bomber pilots, so focused on their approach, did not notice the sickly green glow from newly-parting openings on the giant ship's underside; a tell-tale sign that its great launch bays were activating once more. Across the massive hiveship, primitive warheads struck and detonated in quick succession. The native missile attack was well coordinated – it had arrived while nearly all the Attacker swarms were otherwise engaged. Many of the long-range missiles struck the thick armoured shell of the command centre. The warheads of these weapons had much more explosive power than the previous missiles fired in this battle. Even more violent vibrations shook the Navigator's chamber. Sparks exploded in great fiery showers, erupting from bio-electric conduits as the damage reached the internal systems. The Navigator snarled in anger, the needle-like teeth in its regressed mouth bared in fury, seething as foul saliva dripped down onto the floor below it. It was not alone in its fury. Across the Hive Fleet, the same blunders were appearing; the ongoing system error caused by an unexpected native infiltration of the main hiveship, the absent shields, the critical losses inflicted on the Attacker swarms, the damage still being caused; the other Navigators relayed it all from their ships across and above this stubborn prey world. Worst of all were the huge fleets of native aircraft, screaming towards Destroyers across this planet; aerial forces which should have been all but destroyed. The Navigator of this vessel felt the anger of the whole Hive Mind, of the whole fleet, funnelled through its brain as one unified, unbearable howl of collective rage. Most of all, it felt the pain of its own badly-wounded brood. The Swarm had been close to harvesting this delectable prey world. Now the Hive Fleet had been stung - when all resistance should have been ineffective and at this point, extinguished. So many native aircraft had been destroyed in the past few days. So many nests had been burned away. Yet still they came in strength, for yet another strike; this time their efforts were not futile. This time, they were causing damage. This time, they were beating the Swarm. This Navigator's forces had not only been stung, but also deceived – baited into a useless and costly attack on the native ground defences, while the vermin began their own strike from the air. In the skies above this foul nest in the narrow bay, where so many warriors of the Swarm had fallen, they howled out their petulant frustration in the vast gestalt of the Hive Mind's alien consciousness. The Navigator was compelled to answer that cry. The Attacker swarms needed to focus solely on bringing down the native aircraft – the Navigator made that clear to them – but they continued to suffer losses and were still taking fire from the vermin ground defences, which even now covered the approach of their bombers. The swarms needed support. The Navigator signalled for the hangars to launch all of the remaining reserve Attackers. Reinforcements were needed to compensate for the losses suffered, and to engage the newly-arrived bombers. Then it stretched out another of its sinuous tentacles. The limb plugged into another socket, coated with conductive residues as the pulsating, oversized brain of the Navigator once more interfaced with the vessel's additional systems. This time, it signalled the broods of ground warriors garrisoned aboard the vessel. There were Troop Transporter craft to spare on board. Those foul missile batteries needed to be destroyed, to relieve pressure from the Attacker swarms and to clear the way for the Destroyer. A ground invasion was the best way to ensure this. The Attackers would be left free to focus all their efforts on the enemy aircraft, while the Destroyer's ground warriors would destroy the vermin anti-aircraft defences, which in turn would be forced to defend themselves on the ground. When the Destroyer burned the nest, many warriors of the Swarm would still be present on the surface. This was not a concern – they existed only to serve the will of the Swarm. If their sacrifice was required to crush this resistance, so be it. As mobilization alarms sounded through the ship, new swarms of Attackers poured from the re-opened launch bays. They were followed by the slower Troop Transport ships and Gunships that would clear the way for the landing warriors. Meanwhile, the Navigator pulsed out another signal into the propulsion systems: increase speed. They had to move faster. They had to reach the point of firing soon – the Destroyer was still over the sea, and had not cleared the coast. It could only move so fast – it would take time to reach the firing point. Until then, the warriors of the Swarm would have to clear the way; in the air and on the ground. For what had seemed like ages now, Chris Stanton's world had been reduced to the sound of the motorcycle engine and the rushing of the wind across his body as he and Geordie sped along the runway of Belfast City Airport. The engines of the other bikes whined in the background, as the SAS troop and their IRA allies dashed along the runway, keeping to the cover of destroyed aircraft. At least the aliens weren't firing at them now. Soon after the timely intervention by the Sea Harriers, the stingray-like attack craft seemed to have forgotten the humans on the ground altogether, focusing entirely on the newly-arrived air assault. When Chris looked up from Geordie's back, he could see hundreds of the stingray-ships shooting up into the sky towards the bombers and fast-air jets in great unified streams, like foul black tentacles reaching up into the heavens, grasping at distant prey. While the Attackers were still just trying to blindly swarm their enemy on an individual level, they were able to collectively change their tack; they did so with inhuman unison. Even as flak, tracer-fire and SAMs continued to score the sky wherever the aliens flew, shooting a few of them down now and then, every single one of them fervently stayed the course, determined to reach the bombers. Not one of them turned back to attacking the ground defences. Chris was stunned by how single-minded they were. If he didn't hate them with an absolute passion, he would have admired them. To him, these aliens seemed like a giant ant-hill from space more than anything else. \" Fucking warrior ants …\" he whispered as he observed the vast tendril-like clouds of alien ships. That was the only way to describe them. A bloody-great big swarm of warrior ants, with crazy-advanced kit to boot. He knew they would no longer be baited or fooled. Now, they would engage the primary air threat to their mother-craft. Nothing would distract them from that. With that in mind, Chris was at a loss as to what use he and his comrades would be, in this phase of the battle. The missile and triple-A batteries would continue to fire on any alien ship they saw – but the enemy would likely now all be flying beyond the effective altitude of shoulder-fired missiles. Even if they weren't, with so many allied jets in the air chasing the aliens, firing off Stingers or SA-7s into that shit could easily result in a blue-on-blue – friendly fire, in other words. So if all of the Attackers were now focused on the flyboys, then it was basically all in the hands of the flyboys now. They were the ones whose efforts would matter. Chris and his fellow ground-pounders had been reduced to spectators in this battle – they'd ceased to be relevant. Chris wasn't happy about that. It made him feel vulnerable , useless ; two things no SAS soldier, or any member of any Special Forces unit, would want to be. Still, he was no General – he'd played his intended part. If he and his SAS comrades were now expected by the higher-ups to just sit and twiddle their thumbs, then that was what they would do. With Sergeant Holmes in the lead, the bikers arrived at the fortified control tower and terminal buildings. Belfast City was smaller than the city's main international airport – it had only opened for commercial flights in the early '80s. Still, it was large enough to make it a major command post, rally point, staging and supply area for the defending forces. Even now, C-130s and other supply aircraft continued to land on the runway at great risk amidst the air battle, delivering much-needed supplies and reinforcements. The airport buildings themselves were fortified. Anti-aircraft guns fixed to the terminal roofs continued to fire away with deafening shrieks and rattles, sending streams of bright tracers into the sky. Machine-gun and mortar positions dotted vital points, ready to envelop any enemy force that assaulted the airport. Tanks and armoured vehicles were stationed in defence, their turrets tracking back and forth. Soldiers marched to and from their positions, ready for action at any notice. Sure enough, as the bikes pulled up at the fortified entrance to the squat control building – where the SAS had been ordered to retreat to – a section of British soldiers strode out to meet them. Chris recognised their unit instantly – after all, he and Geordie had been part of it before graduating into the SAS together. Their proudly-worn maroon berets gave them away. They were men of 2 Para, or the 2nd Battalion of the Parachute Regiment. As the SAS troop and IRA fighters dismounted, Sergeant Holmes was recognised by the ranking officer among the Paras here – Lieutenant Rose, the same officer who'd sent them to the warehouse before the fighting started. \"You're a welcome sight Sergeant,\" the late twenty-something Lieutenant breathed. \"But I see you've had quite a hard time.\" Holmes nodded slowly. The death of trooper Doug Hatton had reduced his troop to six. As for the IRA men, only four out of their original group of nine remained. \"Trooper Hatton is KIA sir. So is O'Shea, along with four of his lot. The Rapier battery was wasted too.\" \"All of them? You didn't see any escape that warehouse?\" \"None sir; damn flying bastards were just too fast.\" He sent a globule of spit on the tarmac – Chris could see it was tinged red. \"I'm just glad they're the flyboys' problem now.\" The Lieutenant sighed. \"It seems to be that way. As far as we can tell they've completely lost interest in those of us with boots on the ground.\" He gestured to the sky, which was now filled with flashes, contrails and the sounds of the war in the air. Sure enough, all of the alien attackers had turned their attentions to the flyboys – none of them were paying any more attention to the human positions in the burning city. \"They just moved on together like a school of fish. Intel and head-shed still reckons they're a hive; worker bees with laser guns and zero free-thinking. So if they've been ordered to go after the air attack they won't deviate.\" Geordie spoke up, clearly agitated. \"So what; we just rest up and have a brew then sir?\" Chris could tell his mate was disappointed. He really wanted to take the fight to these aliens; it was frustrating that they were all just being rendered redundant like this. Lieutenant Rose glared back at him, along with Sergeant Holmes. They weren't going to stand for any backtalk. \"Don't count on it trooper; they might just assemble a separate force to go after those of us on the ground. So we need to be ready for any…\" Before Rose could finish his sentence, warning sirens began to blare out across the airport – an undulating, wailing note that made Chris think of those old air raid sirens from the Blitz. PA speakers joined them, barking out orders for units to get to their positions. \" Air raid warning red; repeat, air raid warning red!\" \"Top of the roof; now .\" Lieutenant Rose ordered, keeping his voice and posture as calm as possible. Chris knew officers weren't encouraged to shout, contrary to popular belief. The men around him didn't need much encouragement – they knew what had to be done. As the now diverse group – SAS men, Paras and IRA fighters – entered the control building and made their way up the stairs to the roof, Chris knew the plan. They would set up their Stinger and SA-7 launchers once more, and meet this new attack. Why the aliens were now suddenly bothering with the airport when they had seemed so focused on the approaching bombers, Chris didn't know or care. It wasn't his job to know the why – only to deal with the what. Pushing past soldiers and air force staff who got in their way, the group made it to the roof of the control building. They were met by the briefly-stunned looks of a few men manning an observation post on the roof, who were trying to track the multitudes of alien ships in the sky above. The Control rotunda, fixed on one side of the building, loomed over them. Chris knew there were forward air controllers stationed in there, directing anti-aircraft and if necessary, artillery fire and airstrikes. Those guys would have their work cut out now. However, when Chris looked up at the sky - and the looming alien giant advancing through it – once more, he was met by a welcome sight. \"'Dem Basterds are gettin' hammered!\" That was the Glaswegian Trooper Duncan Baxter, grinning like a madman. Chris couldn't help but grin himself. The Vulcans and Victors had reached the Destroyer first, right after the cruise missile strike. Now they were unloading their cargo. The Vulcans were the first to drop their bombs. The last time they had done so, it had been over the single runway of the airport in tiny Port Stanley, capital of the then Argentine-occupied Falkland Islands. The effect of that attack – carried out by one Vulcan at a time, refuelled by dozens of Victor tankers on a journey of thousands of miles from Ascension Island to the Falklands – had been a scattering of craters across that airfield, including a single large one in the runway itself. Here, the attack was much larger – four Vulcans each dropped twenty-one 1,000 pound high explosive bombs on and around the skyscraper-sized fin that was the bridge of the City Destroyer. The Vulcans swept over that great fin, banking wildly away from their target after releasing their ordnance, the distinctive roar of their engines filling the air. That great sound was followed by eight-four great explosions that erupted in a furious storm around the Destroyer's fin. Not even the cheering of Chris, his comrades and everyone around them in this airport could compete with the crescendo of the Vulcans' attack. It all looked and sounded like a judgement from God himself, upon these creatures from hell. It was joined by others. The Victors came next, releasing their own sticks of high-explosive. More thunderous flashes erupted across the Destroyer's hull. Smaller strike aircraft followed, dropping laser-guided bombs and firing homing missiles. As the bombers made their runs, Chris could see that they were causing damage. The control fin (or tower, to give it justice) and the hull around it was badly cratered. Fires burned in the stricken areas, and Chris swore that he could even see sparks from what looked like severed power lines. But the aliens weren't going to let this stand. Some of the Attackers had been able to fight their way through the escorting fighters. The slower bombers were now at their mercy. Chris saw two Attackers gain on one of the Vulcans, hunting it down like a great whale. Salvos of green fire struck the ancient aircraft right in the Rolls-Royce Olympus engines. Its propulsion system in flames, the Vulcan spiralled to oblivion, the stricken engines letting out a haunting wail of death. That wail ended when the flames caught the fuel tanks – and the Vulcan exploded mid-air in a thunderclap, leaving behind a great ball of fire and smoke. Flaming wreckage cascaded downward. In a Vulcan bomber crew, only the pilot and co-pilot sat in ejector seats. The other three crewmembers – those not seated in the cockpit but in the compartment below it – had to make do with the entry/exit hatch in the fuselage, along with the silk on their backs. Chris did not see any parachutes. Another Vulcan was also hunted down and hit, trailing flames from its engines in a macabre contrail as it plunged to Earth. The Victors were just as vulnerable; several of these aircraft also met their fiery ends at the hands of alien pilots. The flyboys were paying a high price today. Everyone around Chris, though, saw him staring up at the air battle. \"Focus on what's coming our way!\" Lieutenant Rose snapped, as the SAS troop and their allies rushed to set up their MANPADs again. Chris and Geordie got their Stinger launcher loaded and ready. Soon enough, what was headed to attack the airport came into view. It wasn't pretty; a large formation of alien craft that Chris had not seen before, in the previous few days. They weren't the swift stingrays. They flew much slower, for one thing. At first sight in the distance, they looked to Chris like flying mussels or some other bulbous shellfish. The way they moved – ponderous yet steady – as well as their armoured appearance and clear and straight trajectory from their giant mother-craft towards the city below, might have given away their purpose. Chris was already guessing at what they were. He could see other groups of these same ships, heading to various locations across the city. Landing craft , he thought. They must be sending in ground troops. He decided to give voice to that thought. \"Sir,\" he called to Lieutenant Rose, \"I think they might be drop ships.\" \"What?\" \"Troop carriers sir. Look at what they're doing – they're not going in for bombing runs.\" Further off into the distance, a smaller group of these strange new craft was touching down in the still-burning parish of Holywood, to the north-east. They were under heavy AA fire as they made their approach. Chris noticed there were a couple of other ships of a different type leading them – they looked like giant flying crabs. From their pincers, plasma rained as they cleared the way for the ships behind them. The ack-ack fire slackened, suppressed by the heavily armed craft. Gunships – Chris knew they couldn't be called anything else. They were clearing an LZ. Sure enough, in the wake of the Gunships' fire, three mussel-like troopships began to touch down in Holywood. The Gunships moved to land themselves – they also carried a complement of troops, it seemed. Over the crackle of the radio, they could hear panicked reports from various units across the city. This new development was affecting the whole of Belfast. More than a few times, they heard panicked officers and NCOs talking about the new ships touching down…and with terrified tones that chilled the soul, they described aliens pouring out from the landed ships in droves. The flotilla approaching the airport – eight troopships leading by another four gunships – drew ever closer. Rose wasted no time. He got on the radio at the observation post on the roof, keeping his voice as calm as could be expected. \"Be advised – new enemy forces appear to be landing craft. A ground invasion is incoming; repeat, ground invasion incoming!\" Fortunately, Rose's superiors at the airport had caught on. Units were organized, defensive positions manned. \"Get those launchers ready,\" Holmes ordered. \"If we can hit the bastards before they land, that makes everybody's lives easier! Get to it! \" They wasted no time. Even as he and Geordie focused on getting their main weapon ready, Chris realised that he'd soon be seeing the aliens up close. Not their ships – the actual aliens themselves. The same evil bastards who had pulled the triggers on those fire beams, who had burned and murdered so many. He and his comrades would be fighting with them now: up close and personal, in the flesh. Besides the overwhelming hatred and anger he saved for when that moment came, a single question came into this head. What would an alien look like? As the landing craft advanced on their airport, heading for a landing zone located near the foot of the runway, they were met with fierce opposition. Flak shells exploded around them, surrounding the sturdy alien craft with clouds of smoke and shrapnel. Bright streams of tracer from roof-mounted auto-cannons clawed towards them, tearing into the armoured hulls. But even without their shields, it was clear these ships had much better protection than the swifter, more numerous Attackers. Yet there were other weapons stationed in this area. Chris knew there was an American Patriot missile battery in Victoria Park, to the immediate south of the airport. It was under camouflage, but the Yanks had been forced to hack down quite a few trees in the park to fit the Patriot battery in – something not all of the locals were happy about. For his part, Chris wasn't complaining; not least when a Patriot missile roared over the airport buildings, striking one of the troop carriers. The bottom rear section of the alien troopship – which looked like a single, downward-pointing fin – was neatly severed from the hull. In two separate sections, the troopship tumbled from the sky. It crashed into one of the buildings in a nearby business district, close to the north-western end of the airport. A booming explosion, along with the sounds of shattering glass and masonry, echoed across Belfast City Airport. Another troop carrier, under repeated pounding from the flak shells and auto-cannon tracer, brewed up in flames, dropping out of the approaching formation. Even afire, Chris could see the ship was still trying to land its troops, powering towards the nearest solid ground as best it could. He even saw what looked to be the main ramp lower from the rear under-section, while the vessel was still in a deteriorating descent. Sure enough, distant yet distinct figures emerged, rushing down the ramp. They were bipedal, with two arms and two legs like a human, but covered with…flailing tentacles of some kind. So there they are. They were ugly fuckers, even from this distance. Even as their burning vessel began to lose control, he saw the aliens jumping clean from the ramp in mid-air towards the ground below, hoping to survive a hard-drop into combat. Having done that himself, Chris had to hand it to them; these aliens were determined. Still, that didn't stop him from grinning when he saw that the alien soldiers jumping from that inferno were on fire themselves; living torches that twisted and turned in death throes as they fell from the sky. The ship itself, now a blazing wreck, crashed into on one of the green spaces near the runway, sending up a fiery-orange mushroom cloud that sprouted above the local battlefield. That did not stop the other ships. Within seconds, the four Gunships began their runs. Two turned to the positions in the retail and commercial districts on either side of the airport. The other two approached the airport buildings, spitting fire from their cannons. The Gunships' weapons were a much more rapid-fire variety than those seen on the Attackers – they spat endless streams of plasma into the control tower and main terminal. \" DOWN!\" Holmes yelled. As the men on the roof all threw themselves down, Chris felt the building shake as the plasma struck, the booming retort of their hits deafening to hear. This was nothing compared to the sudden explosion of shattering glass and concrete that erupted just above him. Glass shards went flying across the roof. When Chris raised his eyes again, he saw one of Rose's Paras clutching his throat, a glass shard embedded deep into his artery. The man choked briefly – and then he went limp. He could hear Geordie screaming. \" What the hell was that?!\" Shattered concrete dust and black smoke filled the air, choking everyone on the roof, causing them to cough like hags. When the smoke and dust cleared somewhat and Chris looked up, he saw to his horror that the Control rotunda was no longer there. All that was left was a blackened, burning stump – the glass in the framed housing lay shattered all around, or melted in its frame. That was their main link to local artillery and air support, along with several machine-gun emplacements – gone in a flash. Chris then looked at the radio, still functioning in the OP on this damned roof. They were the ones who would be calling for the big guns now. The control rotunda was not the only casualty of the bombardment. Chris looked to where two Warrior armoured vehicles, armed with auto-cannon turrets, had been guarding the building – and saw only burning heaps of molten slag. The crews were vaporized or…Chris tried to tell himself that the black pieces of debris he saw close the tanks weren't blackened skeletons. With barked orders and rough encouragement, Rose and Holmes rallied the men on the roof to their feet. They had to be ready for what came. Now they could see that the troop transports had landed right in the middle of the runway – they'd made full use of the distraction provided by the gunships. Long ramps extended from their rear ends. What looked to be legions of aliens marched down these ramps, ready to take the fight to the ground. Directly above them, Chris heard the whine of alien engines once more. One of the two gunships that had struck the airport had joined the other ships in landing troops. But the other was flying directly towards them. Chris and the others braced themselves for another strafing run – but then the gunship passed over their heads. It was headed for Victoria Park. The Yanks wouldn't stand a chance… \"It's going for the Patriot battery!\" Chris yelled, hefting his Stinger. He and Geordie had already loaded it. \"Stand clear mates!\" With that he pulled the trigger. The missile left the launcher with a loud cough, streaming a trail of smoke towards the alien gunships engines. It detonated, setting those engines alight. The scream of another launcher firing echoed across the roof – Chris saw it was one of the surviving IRA men launching an SA-7. The Soviet-made missile also struck the alien engines, sending the bastard into a plunging dive, crashing somewhere south of the airport. Chris wondered if the Americans in Victoria would offer them a beer afterwards. Right now, he had other things to worry about, as the smoke from the fired missiles washed over the airport roof. \"Jesus, Chris!\" Geordie thundered as the SAS and their allies drew their rifles and took firing positions on the roof. \"How about a warning next time!\" \" I yelled out a fucking warning, you twat, \"Chris muttered. How about a little credit for shooting that fat bastard down? He kept it quiet. This was no time for a row. The aliens had landed on the runway, and were now advancing in units of company strength towards the airport control and terminal buildings. They carried what could only be guns – they looked like blaster rifles or ray guns straight out of sci-fi – in their hands, but Chris also saw they had sharpened, thick-looking tentacles flailing about from their backs, behind an armoured clamshell-like head. Chris really didn't want to find out what it would be like to go hand-to-hand with them. Better to keep them at a distance. Fortunately, the officers had the same idea. He could hear the soldiers from the OP communicating with mortar positions located further back, somewhere behind the building. Sure enough, mortar rounds fell with tell-tale whistles, exploding in a deadly rain around the alien warriors. Some were blown to bits, fleshy tentacles and bony limbs splaying out in all directions in a gruesome fireworks display. But only some of the aliens met this fate. The rest scattered, expertly tacking cover. Even under fire they kept perfect formation, avoiding the mortar rounds as a group like a school of fish avoiding darting predators. They didn't waste time in returning fire. Their plasma weapons had very impressive range, sending ringing volleys of shining green bolts towards the human defenders. Another of the IRA men was struck in the face as he rose from cover to return fire. His fell back, his face a blackened, melted mess. Chris turned away, sickened. He was glad when the aliens got into firing range. As one, the men on the roof opened up, sending bullets towards the advancing monsters. The machine-gun emplacements throughout the airport complex joined in, and soon the enemy was enveloped in a storm of defilade. Now and then, the SAS men added grenade explosions, courtesy of their 203 grenade launchers slung beneath the barrels of their M-16 rifles. The IRA fighters did the same, firing off their remaining RPGs into the encroaching alien horde. The Paras also had their own 203 grenade launchers her and there – as well as hand-thrown version. They added to the din of explosions. The grenades and RPG had an effect – now and then an alien would lose a limb or was ripped apart in a gory mess as a result of them. But they kept coming – further back, more troop transports brought in reinforcements. Soon enough, a great swarm of invaders was pushing towards the control tower and main terminal, outnumbering the defenders. Furthermore, to Chris's shock, the bullets weren't working. Well, technically they were – Chris could see the bullets tearing into alien flesh. Now and then, one would topple under concentrated heavy fire. But where a direct bullet hit would have killed or maimed a human, the alien warriors marched on, most of them completely unperturbed by the repeated hits. Those clamshell bodies had to be bullet-proof. Right beside him, one of the soldiers from the OP took a green bolt to the chest. The man had stood to fire his weapon – he went limp and fell off the roof, into the carnage below. Chris snarled. They should also have a bloody weak spot. He peered through the scope on his M-16, fixing one of the alien soldiers in his sights. It was firing away with its plasma gun, but it wasn't aiming for him – there were other soldiers fighting the aliens below them, from the lower windows of the building and outside. So he got a chance to have a good look at it. That clamshell head definitely seemed tough – it was massive and crested, giving these creatures a commanding presence. But Chris also noted something odd. There was what looked like a long slit, running down the middle of the clamshell head, even straight through the grooved area which looked unmistakeably like the face of the thing. What was that? Some sort of sensory organ? If so, it might be worth firing at. Chris was no sniper – that was Geordie's job, really – but he'd gotten good accuracy scores in all the shooting exercises. Now he would put that to the test. Aiming for the slit in the alien's face, he fired. He grinned at the resulting sight. The bullet definitely punctured something soft – the round bore a fleshy hole in the face, spraying out purple blood. The creature toppled forward, its limbs going limp like a puppet with its strings snapped. Chris called to the others. \"Aim for the face!\" As it turned out, he didn't need to. They'd noticed and were copying his tactic. Geordie even had his sniper rifle out – an L118A1 – and scored another kill with a heavy-calibre bullet right in his chosen alien's face-slit. Geordie laughed. \"Bloody split down the middle!\" He was right – Chris saw the alien his mate had just killed toppling over, it's head split apart in two neat looking halves. But he didn't have much time to wonder how that was possible – a cry of alarm from one of the OP guys brought him into the here and now. The aliens had reach the foot of the building. Some of them were storming the entrance, spraying plasma bolts as they went. He could hear their bloodthirsty shrieks, as well as the screams of the men below. One of the Paras clicked a white phosphorus grenade, dropping it into the now seemingly-endless tide of aliens that swarmed below. The grenade set the creature and several others near it alight, their twisted screams adding a macabre note to the already unbearable orchestra of war. Several other Paras did the same; more screams of aliens burning to death by white phosphorus could be heard. But even that didn't stop them. They continued to swarm the building, determined to get at the foul vermin who were burning and killing their brethren. Chris risked another look over the concrete edge of this roof – and immediately wished he hadn't. A number of the aliens were using their flexible limbs and tentacles to climb up the wall of the building - towards him and his mates. Geordie also saw them. \" Aw shit…Sarge, we've got company!\" Holmes didn't need to bark an order. All the men on the roof began unloading onto the climbing aliens - but they just kept coming. One of them pulled itself over the edge and onto the roof…right in front of Chris. Shit scared, he unloaded his rifle into it – but it was too quick. A whip-like tentacle struck him in the chest, knocking the wind out of him. He toppled backwards onto the concrete, with a perfect view of the creature as it loomed over him, bringing itself over the edge of the roof… With a raw-throated yell Trooper Duncan Baxter, rushed forward, with a fire axe in hand. Chris had no clue where he'd gotten it from – there must have been one in a glass box somewhere on this miserable roof. The Scotsman stuck the bite of the axe straight into the thing's face-slit, before slashing it downward. The whip-like tentacles lashed out in defence, forcing Baxter to pull out the axe, duck and throw himself back - but the damage had been done. To everyone's shock, the head neatly split open just it had with the alien Geordie killed. For the first time, all of the SAS men understood why. The two halves of the great armoured head were spread apart like an open zip-up jacket. Within that jacket, there was something else. To his shock and disgust, Chris saw what it was. A much smaller creature lay within the open jacket, like a newborn baby in a mother's belly, or a slimy parasite in a man's chest. It peered out of its split armour, regarding the humans with large, black almond eyes. Like the outer shell it had a large, crested head, but the skin was much smoother, softer and coloured green and purple. Chris could see it had quite thin skin – veins and blood vessels were almost exposed, especially along the head. The whole thing – this little creature using another body like a tapeworm would a human – was sickening to look at. It reeked of ammonia and God knew what else. But it was those eyes that got to Chris. Though the alien was much smaller than him, they reminded him of the dark, empty eyes of a shark as they looked directly at him, with murderous intent. It had the cold stare of a predator. He was the prey. It was then that Chris felt a sudden pain in his head – like someone was hammering into it with a chisel, like red ants were swarming in his skull and eating his brain from inside. He clutched at his head and screamed… …and then it stopped. Geordie had fired his sniper rifle at point black range into the little alien's fleshy skull. Reduced to a bloody mess, the creature went limp. With a furious kick from Duncan, the living suit of armour toppled backward, back over the edge of the roof and into the mass of aliens below. With a helping hand from Geordie, Chris got up. The pain in his head had gone – but he had no clue what had just happened. He didn't have much time to think about it. Other aliens were climbing onto the roof. \" Off the bloody roof, NOW!\" That was Sergeant Holmes. Fucking déjà vu, Chris thought groggily. What remained of the rag-tag group quickly got their arses moving down the stairs and into the building. Just as he turned to leave, Chris caught the sight of one of the IRA guys getting grabbed by an alien tentacle. The man was then thrown straight off the roof onto the tarmac below, screaming in terror. Seconds later, he heard a loud meaty smack from somewhere on the ground. Then the man's screams ended. That wasn't the end of it. As Chris and Geordie followed the others into the down stairs exit, they saw Trooper Duncan Baxter for the last time. The tall, broad, heavy-set man from Glasgow had his fire axe drawn, his rifle cast aside by alien tentacles. He looked almost like one of Captain Nemo's men from 20,000 leagues under the Sea , facing off against a swarm of Giant Squid. Baxter caught sight of the last two of his comrades to leave. \"Get the fuck out of here, both of you!\" He yelled. \"I'll hold them off!\" Chris was about to yell at him not be so fucking stupid – then he saw that the Scotsman's leg was badly scarred, most likely by a plasma bolt. He wouldn't be going anywhere on that. Still, they both tried to bring him back – but then another of the aliens appeared just to the right of them. It sprayed a stream of plasma from its rifle. Chris and Geordie were forced to take cover into the stairwell that lead downstairs, the bolts pinging on the door around them. They knew they had no choice but to join the others, rushing furiously into the lower levels of the building. Thus Trooper Duncan Baxter continued to fight. He embedded the fire axe into the armour-slit of another alien warrior, this time much deeper so that it split the skull of the being inside. The creature toppled backward, dead. Drawing his combat knife, Baxter continued to slash at the aliens as they swarmed around him – before they gleefully dismembered him with their claws and tentacles. Belfast City Airport was lost, and was now being overrun. More of the armoured vehicles and weapon emplacements at the terminal complex had been destroyed in yet another attack run by the remaining alien gunship. This craft continued to rain fire on the humans retreating from the airport, mowing down any who were caught in open ground. It was soon joined by another of its brethren, fresh from laying waste to the positions north-west of the airport. Chris knew many good men had died today. The SAS troopers, Paras, IRA men and others ran for their lives across the southern part of the airport, under covering fire from a few remaining Scorpion and Scimitar tanks, and anti-air batteries stationed in Sydenham, another parish directly south of the airport. Together with other soldiers of different units, nations and groups joining them from the now overrun main terminal, they fell back to another rally point at the airport's south-eastern edge. Yet all of them knew they'd made the aliens pay a heavy price. Chris could now see the great burning wreck of the gunship he'd shot down, as they finally arrived at a large car park on the south-eastern tip of the airport. It lay partly submerged in Conn's Water, an inlet just near Victoria Park. A small victory. Chris was about to witness another. The Patriot missile battery in Victoria Park let loose another missile. The Gunship that had been pursuing them since they had fled the control building was rewarded for its efforts – with a missile straight into its face. The craft crashed down onto the southern end of the runway in a blazing wreck. The other gunship turned away, erring on the side of caution. It didn't change the fact that they were losing. As the surviving ranking officer present in this part of the airport, Lieutenant Rose had assembled the large rag-tag group of about fifty men who'd fled the control tower and terminal into a roughly organised group, and they had taken up defensive positions in the south-eastern car park. Cars and trucks were turned into impromptu pillboxes, as they prepared for the next alien assault. Fortunately, that would be delayed. Rose had used the radio – salvaged from the control tower observation post – to call in a mass artillery barrage on the overrun terminal and control buildings. The aliens occupying that area were now being hammered with high explosive. They would be delayed – just long enough for the survivors to reorganize themselves. From his own spot that he shared with Geordie, Chris could hear the booms of the distant guns and the thunder of shells as they rained down on nearly the whole of the airport which was now in alien hands. There was no sound of war more awe-inspiring than the thunder of artillery. All across the city, the sound of gunfire – both the familiar sounds of human weaponry and the shriek of other-worldly plasma – was omnipresent. Alien warriors had landed elsewhere throughout Belfast, targeting many key locations besides Belfast City Airport. Going by the reports and information the survivors had been able to get on the battered radio, the situation was not good. Bitter fire-fights between human and alien were raging throughout Belfast. The battle had deteriorated into the kind of classic urban combat that guaranteed heavy casualties, as streets, roads, buildings and even rooms within buildings became contested kill zones. The IRA and other active militant groups had been useful allies in this stage of the battle – they'd help to lure swarms of the alien warriors into traps, using improvised roadside bombs and ambushes in the tight alleys of Belfast. But still the aliens persisted. The death toll continued to rise. Many units in the city were by now under-strength. Yet the invaders had paid a high price as well. More troop transporters continued to land more alien soldiers – as well as looked to be accompanying combat drones and bizarre walking vehicles – but they had not managed to overrun the whole city. Not that it would matter - Chris knew they wanted to burn Belfast to the ground, not occupy it. He looked up to see the massive City Destroyer, which by now blotted out of the sun above them, casting the city in a grim darkness. He supposed that was only right. He hadn't been able to pay attention to the Destroyer – the cause of all this – during the worst of the fighting at the airport. Now he could see the giant ship had been badly scarred by the repeated air attacks – fires burned along its hull. The Belfast air attack had used greater firepower than many others across the world – many air forces had depleted air and ordnance strength. The damage on the Destroyer by the bombers, especially around the control tower, had been bad enough for the ship to slow down, even temporarily stop. That was why it hadn't already unleashed its main cannon on Belfast. Perhaps that was some sort of damage control measure, Chris reckoned. Still, none of it had been enough to bring the ship down. All it had done, it seemed, was delay the inevitable. So all of this; this whole well-planned trap and subsequent bloody battle, was for nothing. Chris felt the depression, an intense and hopeless despair, wash over him like a heavy tide, drowning out the breath of hope he'd tasted. Within minutes, it would all be over. He'd join his parents and Lisa, his sister. Maybe that wouldn't be so bad. Geordie noticed his mood. \"It won't matter soon, you know? All we did back there. Shooting 'em down, giving it to the bastards back at the airport. Give it a bit,\" he pointed up at the Destroyer, \"and that thing will burn it all.\" Chris shrugged. \"At least we gave a good fight,\" he sighed. \"Took a few of them down with us.\" Geordie let out a small smile. \"Aye,\" he nodded. \"I can die happy with that.\" Then he put his head in his hands. \"We need a bloody miracle.\" The Navigator began the final adjustments for the firing position. The native air attacks had been intense – they had come too close to the control centre to comfort. Only the fact that the Navigator's chamber was hidden deep inside the control fin, at the very rear of the base where it joined the indentation in the hull, had protected it from harm. But many vital systems had been damaged – even the propulsion system had needed repairs. None of that warranted much more than a moment's delay, however. The Destroyer only had to slow down and briefly stop, in order to repair the most serious damage. This vessel would not fall. The natives had failed – their attacks continued, but still they had nothing that could remove the hiveship from their sky. Soon, this world would fall to the Swarm – assimilated for their growth and survival, like many others before it. This Destroyer had arrived at its target late, while many others were already in the middle of the firing process. The Navigator had intended to arrive over the target far more quickly. But it mattered not. During the firing process, it was best for all systems to be at acceptable function. The Navigator had been right to pause for brief repairs before continuing. The Navigator was about to ready the main plasma beam for firing – it had full control over that process from its chamber – when something new appeared in the gestalt of the Hive Mind. Pain. Fear. Greater than anything felt before. Without warning, one of the other Destroyers fell silent. Then another, and another after that. The Navigator hissed, sending a general signal demanding to know what was going on. But that proved impossible – the chaos caused by the native signal disruption still persisted. So instead, the Navigator immersed itself into the gestalt of the Hive Mind. What it discovered…it had to be impossible… Destroyers were burning, falling. Their broods and swarms, as well as their Navigators, screamed in pain as they burned to death. One after the other, they were consumed by fire. The Navigator sifted through this psychic chaos in the Hive Mind, which was now inflamed in pain. It could not grasp how the Hive Fleet was being destroyed so quickly – the natives had failed so far to bring the Destroyers down. Then it came. A great wail of despair from the main hiveship above – a great psychic cry of pain so great, so powerful that the Navigator shrieked in raw, unbearable pain upon receiving it. Its mouth let out a screech greater than any it had ever let free. It felt like a blast of unparalleled proportions, spreading devastation throughout the wounded Hive Mind, which shuddered and screamed, shaken by an unstoppable earthquake of mental power. The Navigator continued to howl in pain. Several nearby systems exploded in great showers of sparks. Many of the Destroyer's drones and warriors were killed instantly, their minds boiled in the colossal psychic backlash. Nothing like this had been felt in this Hive Fleet, not since…the death of the Queen, at the hands of the great enemy. As quickly as it came, the cry was gone; the ones that made it were no more. The Navigator could not grasp this. Even as it recovered from the psychic backlash, it searched the great gestalt of the Hive Mind for its Master in orbit. It had to be there… It was not. The main Hiveship – the heart of the Hive Fleet – was destroyed. Already the tell-tale side effects were appearing. The Destroyer was losing power – already there was no longer enough energy to power the main cannon. The Navigator swiftly acted, shutting down all non-essential systems, just to keep its vessel aloft. Others were not so fortunate. The Attacker swarms lost power almost instantly, dropping to the city below or into the surrounding sea like clouds of dead flies. The warrior broods still fighting on the ground lost power to their transports and gunships, which also crashed to the surface. Many of the warriors were themselves left badly disorientated by the Hive Fleet's sundering. They could no longer co-ordinate their efforts effectively. The Hive Fleet – what remained of the Hive Fleet – was falling apart. The Navigator might even be the last of its kind… No. A few Destroyers still remained, their Navigators with them. One of them had even landed, having begun initial drilling to the core. The other Destroyers were continuing the assault on their selected targets. The Navigator paused. As it tried to process communications still available to it, it understood. The natives had struck at the main cannon – the feedback, in turn, had brought down the other Destroyers. How the Hiveship had been destroyed was not clear. It mattered not. The Navigator formed a new plan. The Navigator caste could think for themselves when required; especially when it served in ensuring the continuation of the Swarm. It would not make itself vulnerable by trying to use the main cannon. Instead it would splinter off from the others in the wake of the destruction, just as the now destroyed Hive Fleet had splintered from the Queen's Fleet, following her death. The protocols and instincts for forming a new splinter fleet were well established. That was why the Swarm was always undefeated. The Navigator would retreat this Destroyer, along with what remained of its broods, from this world. It would find any resources on the other planets and moons in-system that it could extract on its own, before leaving this star system and making for deep space. It would then rebuild its broods, and grow new ships and forces. With time a new, less well-defended prey world would be found – one that would make for an easier harvest. When the Swarm lost a battle, only a single hiveship needed to escape to form a new Hive Fleet. That was why the Swarm was not so easily crushed; even a humble Destroyer could form the seed of a new Hive Fleet, given enough time. The Navigator let out a rasped breath, cycling its tendrils through the ship's systems as it regained its confidence, its sense of control. It had to. Now, it would be the master of a new Hive Fleet. It would not fail. All of Belfast had expected to burn. Chris' eyes never left the central dome on the City Destroyer. He would look the bastards in the face when they unleashed their fire beam. No one expected the lights on the great ship to suddenly flicker and darken. Nobody expected the clouds of alien Attackers to suddenly fall from the sky like a rain of dead animals coughed up by a Hurricane. Nor did they expect the alien warriors to suddenly lose morale and retreat to their grounded troopships. Certainly no-one expected the City Destroyer to suddenly pull away from the city of Belfast, after coming so close to destroying it. Only when the City Destroyer ascended high in the sky, heading towards the stratosphere, did it become clear. The aliens were retreating. All of their single ships were falling dead, bereft of power and crashing uselessly across the city, across the Lough, while the City Destroyer was beating a retreat. Belfast had weathered the storm. Chris couldn't believe it. Even as someone switched on the radio – God only knew how the BBC was still broadcasting – he couldn't believe it. He couldn't believe that nearly all the other City Destroyers across the world had been brought down. He couldn't believe that the Mothership had been destroyed in orbit. He definitely couldn't believe that he was alive. That everyone here, the survivors of the human race, were all alive. Yet as the soldiers all around him and across the city cheered and fired off their rifles into the sky, as Geordie hugged him, laughing and screaming like a madman, as he shed raw tears for Doug, for Duncan, for all those who didn't make it…he knew it was true. Britain's City Destroyer hadn't been shot down, Chris knew. But it didn't matter. Belfast had survived. That was their victory – the city still lived. All who still lived, across the United Kingdom, now had a chance to survive. Humanity, united as one people, would survive. They were all alive. He was alive. They'd won. ","Summary":" Prologue: Unseen Observers Planet Earth, Sol System July 4th, 1996 It was a truly beautiful world. "},{"Movie":"2012","Title":"The oddience","Author":"DAITO the oni","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13181669","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 2: the false truth \"Okay, okay, you want answers bro, I'll tell you, as you know there are 3 gangs and 3 cults in L.A, the 3 gangs are already known but out of all the cults only one is known.\" the vapor member tells Edgy, \"I already know that, tell me what the gangs intentions are!\" Edgy shouted at the vapor member, \"Edgy calm down, I'll take care of this.\" Annalise says calmly to Edgy, \"Now let's see what you know\", Annalise then proceeds to use her psychic abilities to drag out every little piece of information from the vapor members brain, and when she is done explains it to Edgy and the others, \"The gangs are planning to completely destroy L.A with a gang war, The vapors, the double-crossers, and the reds.\" Annalise said, \"Yes but what about the cults, do they have any part in the war?\" Edgy asked, \"He doesn't know, we should probably find more info tomorrow, we gotta get out of here before the sun comes up.\" Annalise said, \"It's 3:00 in the morning where are we gonna go?\" Edgy said to Annalise in sort of a silly tone, \"Oh true, let's go partying again guys!\", Annalise's words were then followed by a cheer of all the oddience members at the party, \"I'll catch up\" Edgy said, \"I gotta deal with this guy first.\", Edgy walks over to the vapor member lying on the ground, \"Now what am gonna do with you?\", \"You can start by coming home every once and a while edgy, don't wanna make dad mad!\" the vapor member said in a demonic voice, \"What, your voice, it sounds so familiar,\" Edgy said, \"It should, it's your uncle, Beelzebub!\", the vapor member then started to bleed from his nose and his body engulfed in black flames and he begins to walk toward Edgy slowly and menacingly saying, \"Your daddy wants to see you Edgy, Your daddy Zepar want's to talk to you, he misses you Edgy!\" Shouted Beelzebub, \"I'm surprised you got your gluttonous ass off the couch for once beelz.\" Edgy said like a total badass to Beelzebub, then outta nowhere he is cut in half by a masked man, not human, but a vampire, Blue who was protecting Edgy, \"Wanna explain what that was?\" Blue asked, \"That is Beelzebub, one of the demon lords from hell,\" Edgy said, \"my father was devil worshiper, Beelz and the other six demon lords were considered family by my father, but to me, it felt like hell in my own house.\", \"So is he dead now, or did he just vanish for now?\" Blue asked, \"You can only kill one of the demon lords by killing their physical body, he just possessed this man from a distance, basically from hell.\" Edgy explained, \"Okay, but do you think we should go before Annalise goes crazy on our asses for not partying with her and the others?\" Blue said, \"Good point, let's go, don't wanna be at the scene of the crime.\" Edgy said agreeing with Blue, the two of them left the scene of the crime, but on top of the roof of one of the buildings next to it, there is a man in a hooded robe and a monster behind him, \"I can see you want to kill him snooze, but not yet, remember what my father said, don't attack until they are at their most vulnerable, you stupid demon.\", The hooded man said to the demon he called snooze, \"your father said we can't go back to hell until he's dead, let's just kill him already.\" snooze said, \"SILENCE, DO YOU WANT HIM TO KILL YOU, IF HE WAS POWERFUL ENOUGH TO ESCAPE HELL, THEN HE'S POWERFUL ENOUGH TO KILL YOU WITH ONE HAND, YOU STUPID DEMON!\" The hooded man shouted at the demon, \"We will soon attack him, but until then snooze, calm yourself.\", snooze then walked off in a huff, the hooded man then looked back and said, \"we'll soon meet, my brother Edrigan.\", back at the oddience house, they're partying up a storm, going nuts on alcohol and food, but Edgy seems to not enjoy this party, standing outside with a drink in his hand enjoying the beautiful night, \"You good edgy?\" Annalise asked him, \"Yeah, just something came up, an old family member contacted me and I don't wanna see him.\" Edgy told Annalise, \"Was it your father?\" Annalise asked Edgy, \"THAT FUCKER CAN BURN IN HELL FOR ALL CARE, but no, it wasn't him, it was one of my uncles,\" Edgy said with a little bit of anger in his voice, \"He wasn't the best uncle, he tortured me and abused me.\", \"That's awful, your father just let him do that?\" Annalise asked, \"Let it happen, he was the one who told him and my other 6 uncles that I needed strength, that I needed to become like him, but I left home, I couldn't deal with that.\" Edgy said, he was about to start another sentence when Blue ran outside in a panic, \"Guys we can't find Lauren or Jason, have you guys seen them?\", \"No, we haven't, search out here, I'll tell everyone inside that we can't find them.\" Edgy said, \"They already know that we can't find them, they're all searching.\" Blue said, for about an hour the oddience searched for Jason and Lauren when after an hour they found them making out in the laundry room on top of the washer, \"Okay that's enough for one night, everyone to bed and you two get your hands off of each other, that's enough excitement for one night.\" To be continued ","Summary":" Chapter 2: the false truth \"Okay, okay, you want answers bro, I'll tell you, as you know there are"},{"Movie":"2012","Title":"The oddience","Author":"DAITO the oni","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13175678","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1: 2019, the year of gangs and cults in L.A, In the middle of all this chaos there's a group of people known as the oddience, A group made up of odd people who are the most powerful people in the world, they consist of A psychic medium, a masked vampire, a time-hopper, a dimensional traveler, an ex-military man, and a mysteriously powerful hooded boy, their story starts here in the middle of the chaos of the world. \"Annalise, wait up\", called a girl from behind Annalise, Annalise is a girl with long red hair, wears a black tank top, blue jeans and black and white sneakers, the person calling to her is her friend Lauren, A girl with long brown hair, and wearing all black clothing and black heels, \"You're kinda slow sometimes Lauren,\" Annalise said to her, \"pick up the pace, James needs these ingredients.\", \"right, and you just wanna impress Edgy that we got food without his grocery list don't you?\" Lauren asked Annalise who began to blush, \"so what if that's the reason, he just needs to see that we can do stuff without he and James telling us what to do.\" Annalise said in a harsh tone of voice, \"haha, come on, let's get home, Blue, Zayn, and Delman are joining us for dinner.\" Lauren reminded Annalise. The two girls begin to run home while thinking about what James is gonna make with all their ingredients, they get home and see all of their friends, Blue the masked vampire, Zayn the military man, The paralyzed but still cool Delman, The butler James, And the gunman Jason, \"Welcome back ladies, thank you for getting those for me.\" James said with gratitude in his voice, \"now let's get dinner started!\" James' words were they followed by cheering, and everyone began to start chatting, \"Hey James, weres Edgy?\" Annalise asked James, \"He's been asleep all day, He was up all night hunting after all.\" James said, \"yeah but not up long enough to not find any information about what exactly we are hunting with the gangs and cults.\" Said Edgy, Edgy is a tall 15-year-old boy who always wears blue jeans and red sneakers, \"WOOO, EDGY'S HERE!!\" Annalise exclaimed, everyone looked at her with a look of confusion, \"I mean, how's it going edgy, you look pretty tired.\" Annalise replied with sounding cool, \"I am, last night was the worst hunt of all time, no information, no leads, but a lot of death, even though I did nothing, you guys have gotten strong since the day we met, I'm proud.\" Edgy said with pride in his voice, \"Everyone grab a glass and let's drink till we hunt.\" James said and then walking over to Edgy and giving him a glass of wine, \"Now, edgy you have any words for your friends?' James asked Edgy, \"I do, may our hearts be full and may your blades be sharp, to Mi Familia.\" Edgy said followed by an uproar of cheers from each of edgy's friends, then they have a big dinner party which after two hours was cut short by Edgy saying \"Mi Familia, tonight, is a special hunt, as you know for the last few months we've found out tons of stuff about the gangs and cults in L.A, The 3 major gangs we are dealing with are the vapors who run the drug underground, the double-crossers who want to crusade over L.A, and the reds who want to paint, L.A red, but those are just the gangs, the cults like \"The Amon organization\" are wanting to destroy the world entirely, and that Satan and his demon servant Amon are the keys to our salvation, but we are determined to stop them, last nights hunt only stalled us, tonight we find a way to save our city and we won't rest until we win!\", Edgy's words are then followed by tons of screaming and cheers from his friends who start to file out of the house and look like a party in the streets but are really trying to find gangs and cults when after 2 hours of looking find something that leads them directly to what they are trying to find, at the same time, Edgy, Annalise, James and Lauren here two gunshots go off and go over to where they heard the shots to see that their friend Jason had shot someone from the vapors gang, \"Jason, two things, one, good job, two, you're an idiot.\" Edgy said to Jason, \"Hey I was only doing my job, we got a guy right?\" Jason asked, \"Yes, true, but he's running away!!\", Edgy said as everyone saw the vapor member running down an ally way and edgy jumping on rooftops to find him, eventually, the vapor member found a dead end, \"You got nowhere to go essay, what ya gonna do now?\", Edgy asked, the vapor member proceeded to pull a gun out and point it at Edgy, \"Step off bro, or I'll pop a cap in your ass!\" The vapor member said in a scared tone of voice, \"Oh what are you gonna do shoot me?\" Edgy asked, he then began to laugh leaving the vapor member confused, he then looked at the vapor member with completely black eyes and said in a deep voice, \"how well do you think that's gonna hold off against me?\", the vapor member then screamed and shot 3 rounds at Edgy, doing nothing to him, Edgy's friends then walked down the ally way they were in and saw edgy had put his whole hand through the wall of the dead end, Edgy then looked at the mortified vapor member and said \"Now tell me what you know about the gangs and cults in L.A ","Summary":" Chapter 1: 2019, the year of gangs and cults in L.A, In the middle of all this chaos there's a grou"},{"Movie":"2012","Title":"Really?","Author":"depaulilj","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8902204","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Being a new student in a new school. Im am a 6th grader and I live in a small town called Gallup New Mexico. I went to school down the street but it was all new, lockers, 7 classes, 7 diffrent teachers, and most of all BULLYING. I was so scared because at elementery school I had no bullys at all, but at the new school I DO! I was so terefied that I would get beat up or something bad. His name is Garret, and he is such a bully. My best friend named Kiara Rucker says so too. He calls you bad words, talks back to the teachers, calles the teachers bad words, amd most of all IS ANNOYING! Its almost over with school and I got to know Garret by my other friends like he has so many brothers and sisters and they say once you know him for a while you will like him as a friend but he will still be annoying. I reallt hope I will get to know him and that we can be friends and he stops being a bully. ~Written by Leslie Depauli ","Summary":" Being a new student in a new school. Im am a 6th grader and I live in a small town called Gallup Ne"},{"Movie":"2012","Title":"End of the World","Author":"gothgirl97","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8816027","Passage":"[Chapter 1] End of the world There's been so many rumors, but none of them are true But what if this time is different? What would you do? What if you woke up tomorrow to find yourself in a daze As you realize the whole world has gone up in a blaze? Would you run and scream in terror, or would you accept your fate? After all, this world is already full of hate Just imagine, if the human race disappears, this world will finally be wiped clean From the evil things that cannot be unseen The clouds will break open, inviting us to our heavenly home With each passing hour, we're slowly heading towards our eternal tomb Now the time has come. The world has been lit a fiery red Life as we know it has finally become dead Silence. That's the only thing left The world has now gone completely deaf The eery darkness is the only thing to be seen It'll make you wonder if all of this was just a bad dream The earth has suffered through so much for many years And now the world has washed away all your fears Open your eyes, for you're now safe and sound From all the hidden demons that have been lurking around It's the end of the world, the end of all time You're now facing the end of the line . . . ","Summary":" End of the world There's been so many rumors, but none of them are true But what if this time is di"},{"Movie":"2012","Title":"I'm Dead","Author":"Gabby Malik Tomlinson","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8439825","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Here ","Summary":" Here"},{"Movie":"2012","Title":"Amando al Culpable","Author":"linama","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8606870","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ODIANDO AL CULPABLE Yo.. yo soy Edward cullen doy clases de medicina en la universidad de Seattle, mi vida mi vida es una vida buena tengo altos y bajos como cualquier persona del común pero tengo un padre y una madre que sin duda son los mejores Carlisle y esme , el es medico en el hospital y esme ayuda a mi hermana Alice en su tienda de ropa, ella es conocida gracias a sus increíbles diseños esta comprometida con Jasper un reconocido terapeuta de la ciudad, yo tengo 24 años, y a pesar de los problemas estoy casado con la mujer mas increíble hermosa, sincera, ella siempre piensa en los demás, eso me enamoro de ella, no puedo concebir a alguien mas buena, sincera y admirable que ella. Ella es? CAPITULO 1 En la mañana me desperté y la vi en el espejo observándose, su mirada me sorprendió, Ángela , Ángela weber es mi esposa hace cuatro años, ella es mi vida, con ella he vivido los momentos mas hermosos de mi vida , su cabello hermoso que caía en cascada castaño, ha sido cambiado por un gorro de lana que le oculta la mayor parte de su cabeza que cubría el cabello, hace dos años a mi esposa le diagnosticaron leucemia, han sido los dos años mas trabajados de todo el tiempo, ella es fuerte, pero a veces pienso que esta cansada, ella volteo y me miro. Amor que haces despierto, es temprano . – la mire y con cada expresión de su rostro entendía porque la amaba – Estaba viéndote – le dije melancólico , me dolía verla sufrir – Debo verme terrible – ella se levanto de la silla, que estaba frente al espejo y se sentó a mi lado en la cama – Tu eres la mujer mas hermosa que he visto, eres buena comprensible – Tu eres aquí el único bueno, mírate aquí soportando esta terrible enfermedad – Te amo angela – bese sus labios pálidos a consecuencia del terrible tratamiento que llevaba - Edward, amor , quiero que seas sincero – asentí con la mirada – alguna vez has pensado que lo mejor es que no estés conmigo, es decir que yo. Óyeme – agarre sus manos – tu eres lo mas importante para mi, nunca he pensado y ni te dejare, entiéndelo, sin ti mi vida no tiene sentido, y no te dejare, vamos a superar esto – Lo vamos hacer amor – me dijo dulce como siempre – Que tal si te duermes de nuevo, junto conmigo – Me parece estupendo – la ayude acomodarse en la cama su cabeza quedo en mi pecho desnudo- te amo Edward – Tanto como yo – le conteste , poco después el sol comenzó a filtrarse por las cortinas me desperté y prepare un poco de café, ella se durmió como una bebe, necesitaba descansar, no sabia que estaba soñando, pero sonreía la misma sonrisa que me enamoro desde que la conocí, en aquel parque donde cuidaba unos animales, angela es bióloga marina, desde ahí comenzamos a salir y poco después nos casamos, sus hermanos o hermanastros como sea son Rosalie y Jasper Hale su Madre se caso con el papa de Angela poco después que ambos enviudaran, la verdad ellos se quieren como si en verdad los uniera un lazo de sangre, ros y Emmemt mi primo están de novios y Jasper con mi hermana, todos nos llevamos bien, deje el café en la mesa cuando sono el teléfono de la cocina. Si buenos días – Hola Edward – me saludo Rosalie – como ha amanecido angie hoy – Estupenda - le anuncie – y ustedes como están – Bien, solo llamaba para saber, hablamos después besos – Besos Rosalie – no había un dia en que los hale no llamaran para averiguar por la salud de mi esposa, llevaba el desayuno y la dosis de pastilla que le tocaban a ella en la mañana , cuando entre a la habitación vi su rostro fruncido, tenia en la mano el periódico – Que sucede – le pregunte, seguramente había sido una noticia que había visto en e periódico – Puedes creer esto – me dio el periódico – los Black, es decir el refugio que tienen no han aceptado a un animal porque no tiene las características que ellos persiguen, claro pero si la tienen los fondos del estado - Amor eso siempre pasa cariño. Si pero eso no es justo, esos se creen los dueños de la ciudad , no sabes como me ofende que las autoridades no hagan nada no es justo . Amor no es nuestro asunto además tu no puedes hacer corajes por esa gente – bese sus labios y ella se tranquilizo – Tienes razón – se aferro a mi cabello , la interrumpí para que tomara sus medicamentos. Son horribles – me dijo – Pero necesarios , voy al baño ya es tarde – entre en el baño y comencé a asearme , una lagrima salió de mi ojo hoy veía tan de buen humor y tono a mi esposa me daba pavor que esto se fuera, a pesar de lo que pasa yo tenia que ser fuerte para ella, era lo único que importaba me cambie puse un pantalón caqui y un suéter de mangas largas, cuando volví del baño ella no estaba en la habitación, la llame pero no me contesto y eso hizo que me asustara, pase al salón y ahí estaba ella, ordenando los papeles de la universidad y limpiando mis cosas. Amor , que haces – le dije – Ayudando con algunas cosas – Pero cariño, sabes que esme viene por favor – No quiero que tu madre diga que no cuide a su hijo consentido . Por favor sabes que mama entiende nuestra condición – Edward – pronuncio mi nombre con gran tristeza – sabes que no es nuestra condición es mi condición, por favor – Cuantas veces hemos hablados de esto, sabes que estamos juntos en todos – Si , lo se – me dijo triste – he ya es tarde amor, vas a llegar tarde no quieres un memorando – Nos vemos temprano, hoy es tu cita… He amor no pidas permiso yo puedo ir sola que te parece Estas segura que puedes manejar Edward estoy con cáncer no soy inútil, es tarde – Lo se – termine de alistarme y me despedí de ella con un beso, la mañana paso rápida y relativamente normal , comí en la cafetería de la universidad hable con esme quien no puedo ir a la casa porque hubo problemas en la tienda de alice, hable con mi padre y el me dijo que estaba bien , a esta hora ya debería de haber llamado angela, decidí llamarla, el celular sonó dos veces. Amor estas bien – le dije Estoy súper bien Edward – dijo su voz tenia un tono de felicidad invaluable – Que te dijo el medico – El cáncer al parecer a desaparecido amor – sonreí de oreja a oreja Eso estupendo . donde estas – En el carro manejando – que pensé Por favor amor hablamos después – Te tengo una sorpresa amor, te amo – Que sorpresa – dije contento No te puedo decir – sonreí, seguido a eso escuche un chillido , era el de ella fue un grito desesperado Angie estas bien angela – E-D-W-A-R-D – ella articulo y no supe mas su grito – Angela amor estas bien . angela por favor – una lagrima salió de mis ojos y sentí un dolor en el pecho ","Summary":" ODIANDO AL CULPABLE Yo.. yo soy Edward cullen doy clases de medicina en la universidad de Seattle, "},{"Movie":"2012","Title":"The End","Author":"Believe in Fairy Tales","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7248018","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey guys, this is just a short little piece I did to try and rid myself of the dreaded writer's block :/ please tell me what you think :) And I've created a poll on my account, please check it out when you have time and vote! :D Go put on your best tonight It's you and me and not much time To watch the world burning bright We are ready -You and Me and One Spotlight - Yellowcard On the 21st of December 2012, the world ended. She could tell it was the end – the sky was a deep burnt orange, and the sun hung low in the bruised purple clouds, like it had lost all its will to stay up high above the world. Like it was resigned to the fate of the planet it shed its light on. Time seemed to slow down, like it was trying to drag itself through syrup. She rose from her bed, calmly looking out the window at the blinding wall of light beyond. She walked to her front door and opened it wide. A giant wall of flame was hurtling towards her from the horizon, turning everything in its path to ash and smoke. Erasing all traces of human existence as it swept over the symbols of evolution that marked the proof of their lives. As she thought about it, she realized that there really had been no point to human evolution at all. It was just going to be erased in the end, and made to be like it had never existed in the first place. And strangely enough, the impending doom of the situation didn't faze her. She looked at the wall of flame, consuming everything it touched and reducing it to nothing, and the only thing she felt was calmness. She supposed it was the knowledge that she couldn't escape her fate that was making her so accepting of the whole situation, but she didn't think that was the exact reason. From behind her, he came up and wrapped his arms around her waist, resting his head on her shoulder. Neither of them spoke. There was no need to. Then she remembered why she wasn't afraid, why she was so calm. She put her hand on the side of her reason's face and held one of his hands with her other. She looked at the wall of death and destruction hurtling towards them and smiled. ","Summary":" Hey guys, this is just a short little piece I did to try and rid myself of the dreaded writer's blo"},{"Movie":"2012","Title":"When December Comes","Author":"Viol3ntBubbl3z","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6950662","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Okay class, today we will be commencing a new project\" I was staring out the window thinking about how nothing interesting ever happens around here. I was in art class but I was already finished with the project they were about to begin. I pushed my black bangs out of my face and sighed turning back towards the classroom. Mr. Levi was explaining to the students about the upcoming project. I didn't recognize the instructions so I raised my hand. \"Yes, Ms. Avery,\" Mr. Levi asked. \"Is this a new assignment for me also,\" I asked hoping it was. \"Yes,\" Mr. Levi said with a smile as he looked weirdly out the window. Mr. Levi was weird, and quite frankly he didn't seem human. He transferred here a couple years ago I heard. No one knows much about him. \"Well, okay,\" I said trying to see what he saw. I dropped it and he explained the project. If you had a twin that was the exact opposite of you, no exception what would he be like for the girls and what would she be like for the guys. Lame but it would help me define my self I suppose. He handed us all a piece if sketch paper and to get to thinking. Well if I had a twin that was adjacent to me, he'd have white since mine is black. He'd have, well I don't know what's the opposite of brown eyes. He'd be insensitive, lazy, brave, cocky, a genius, quick, funny, overly calm, loud, unfriendly, cold, and a absolute douche. And oh he'd probably have a buzz cut cause my hair is long. He'd probably be right handed since I'm left handed, or have no manners at all. But he'd be a people's person. I was still thinking on my way home. I turned into a dark alley and there was this guy staggering in my direction. He looked drunk. I was about to turn out the alleyway, when he ran up to me with a gun in his hand pointed towards my head. This was not my lucky day. Freeze, hold up, wait a second. Genesis: 1 hour before \"Where is that idiot, Jonah,\" He thinks skipping this is funny. His master could be in danger and what is he probably doing. Sleeping. I'll see if he's in the nurse's office. I opened the door and heard it slam but didn't care. He was just sitting there. \"I thought I might find you here,\" I said triumphant that I found him. \"Yeah, where else might might you find me, I am this place's doctor aren't I,\"Jonah said. He had his feet up on the table and he was wearing sunglasses indoors. He claimed Genesis was too bright. Genesis was where we've lived all our lives. We were trained since we were born to protect our masters for what was to happen in 2118 which just so happened to be this year on our planet. Genesis is 106 faster than Earth years. On Earth it was said to be the year 2012. However it seems that the time of Genesis and Earth have switched. Of course no one on Earth noticed, but we sure as hell did, so we sent people here to investigate. Despite that bad news, the date was closer. We were actually suppose to leave for Earth 106 later, but because of the time switch we leave today. All of us here at Genesis Protection Academy could not wait for this moment, especially Jonah. Today was the day we met our masters. \"Well, what do you want Mikaela,\" Jonah asked in a annoyed tone. I had totally forgotten why I came here. Jonah was so intimidating. I didn't answer for a bit and then the alarm sounded. \"It's time,\" I said and nodded at Jonah. He took his feet down from the table, open a drawer and loaded just about every weapon he had and took them with him to the evacuation room. Students were all assembled in the room. They were getting ready to descend. Students were given their devices and all jumped out one after another. It was finally Jonah's turn. He took off his sunglasses, put them in his pocket and pulled the goggles over his face and onto his eyes and the he jumped. I did the same and followed. \"You're a pretty sexy girl,\" the man said. His breath smelled of alcohol. He took his gun and put it at my stomach. I was feeling hot so I had took off my sweater before I left school. I was wearing a white buttoned blouse with my gray school skirt. I was wearing a jacket but he unzipped it to reveal my white blouse. He slowly started to pull the gun upward and I could hear feel and see my shirt being opened and the buttons falling to the floor. My black bra was then revealed. \"Looks like I hit the jackpot. D-cup,\" he said as he licked his lips. I closed my eyes and prayed for someone to help me. I shed a tear when I realized I was a goner. \"Dammit, this shit fucking useless, how am I suppose to use this shit, fuck!.\" I heard someone say followed by a something being thrown on the floor. \"I'll find her myself.\" the voice was coming closer and then I saw him. He had short white hair and his white eyebrows were furrowed as he looked at the ground kicking the device around. He was about to pass the alleyway when he bent down picked up the device and looked my way. He couldn't see us I assumed because not only was he wearing sunglasses, he also wasn't moving. I couldn't blame him though, it was snowing and it was pretty dark out and i take it the sunglasses weren't helping. Seriously what kind of idiot wears sunglasses in the winter. He then disappeared. I couldn't find him, I couldn't believe he just disappeared. I started to cry as the man started to try to unhitch my bra. \"Hey, have you seen a girl about ye hall with hair ye long, and probably looks a lot like myself,\" the white haired man asked reappearing a lot closer pointing to his shoulder than down to his lower back. Who the hell says Ye anymore? \"I, Uh,-,\" the drunk began. The white haired man seemed to be doing something that seemed a lot like squinting and stared at my face. \"Well, hell, looks like I found her,\" he said with a frown as he looked at the drunk. The drunk said nothing. The drunk then put the gun in the white haired man's face. The white haired man seemed not to notice because he didn't really react. \"That is some heat you're packing there mister,\" the white haired man continued with a whistle. \"W-Who are you?,\" the drunk asked. \"I'd tell you but I'd have to kill you,\" the white haired man said turning his frown upside down. \"How cliche,\" I muttered under my breath. The white haired man turned his face to mine. I couldn't see his eyes but i knew he was not someone to mess with. It was the way he spoke, with such confidence, the way he moved, with such grace. It was as if a God stood before me. \"I'm sorry, what, do you want to stay here and I'll just go on pretending like I never witnessed this,\" the white haired man said. \"No!,\" I half-yelled. I was getting kind of cold so I sneezed. The white haired man seemed confused that I yelled. He removed his glasses and examined me. I was half naked and this drunkard was groping me. \"Oh,\" the white haired man said as if he didn't realize this was the situation I was in. \"Oh, so this is the type of situation you're in,\" he said putting his glasses in his pocket. I sighed. \"Dude, who are you?,\" I asked annoyed that he wasn't helping. I felt a hand on my as it pulled me away from the drunk. I now stood behind the white haired man. \" My name is Jonah,\" he said as he pull out a gun that was much more impressive than the drunk's 9 millimeter. \"And this here is my little friend,\" he said pointing the gun at the drunk. \"Shit,\" the drunk swore as he saw the pump action shotgun rifle in Jonah's hand. \"Yeah, that was the word I was looking for. Now look here, you have a number of options: Turn yourself in, I turn you in, you shoot me, I shoot you, shoot yourself, let us go, beg me to let you go, or give me your gun and I'll let you go no questions asked,\" Jonah bargained. \"Wait, what!,\" I said after I managed to put my clothes back on. \"Yeah, man, I agree with her, it's just a nine mm,\" the drunk said. Jonah shook his head. \"It would appear as such to the naked eye, but what you have in your hand, sir, is rare from where I come from,\" Jonah said. \"And where do you come from, Mars?,\" I asked clearly not seeing what was so special about the gun. Jonah shook his head and said never mind. The drunk agreed and gave Jonah the gun. \"Yes!, I'm so gloating about this to Mikaela when we I see her. She's going to be way too jealous,\" Jonah exclaimed as he examined the gun. \"And hey drunk, if I see you, or hear about you messing with people again, I will come and find you and,\" Jason said taking his index finger and sliding it across his throat . As the man ran away Jonah was laughing and examining the gun further. \"Alright, let's go home,\" Jonah said. \"I'm sorry, what?,\" I asked blinking to make sure I heard him right. \"Take me to your house,\" he said. I stared at him wide eyed. \"Alright, fine, suit your self, \" Jason said walking ahead after picking something off the floor and then he walked around the corner and I didn't see him again. I decided to take a different route home so I wouldn't run into trouble. I finally arrived home and went to my room. I lived in a one bedroom apartment because my parents were deceased and I was old enough to live on my own. I walked into my room not bothering to open the light I crashed on my bed. Today was a horrible day, and I honestly thought I dreamt it up. I then realized I had homework to do so I opened the light and sat down on the floor and started to do my homework. I finished it and then I came across my art project. I sighed and crumpled it up and threw it across my room. It sounded like it hit something solid so I looked up and saw Jonah. I then pinched my self saw he was real and screamed. Luckily I lived alone. \"How goes it,\" Jonah asked. He was wearing nothing but a towel. I thought I heard shower water running but I just assumed it was my neighbor. I saw my vision getting blurry and then I saw nothing. Well, that's awfully troublesome. Who would have thought my master would be so, Uh what's the word, actually more like such a girl. I mean come on who faints when they find someone in their room. I decided I should put my clothes on before she woke up. i put my glasses back on, because it was awfully bright in here. I then made sure my weapons were intact and then went to help the girl. As i went to help the girl I realize I did my actions in the wrong order. \"I may not know much about this world, but I think you're sick,' I told her even though chances were she probably can't hear me. I then realized that her clothes were wet, and that's probably not going to help her recover. I started to take off her jacket, and then realized she was a girl. Girls didn't like boys to touch them. What to do, what to do. I got up and looked around for the device I was given. I was about to quit when I realized it was in my pocket. I then remembered I didn't know how to use it. I should have went to class. Mikaela didn't land that far from me so, she's probably in the city somewhere. I was pondering whether to leave the girl here, when the device made a noise. I looked down at it and it said Mikaela. Did I take Mikaela device by accident? No that was impossible. I then read the instructions in the screen and pressed the green button. \"Hello,\" I jumped back and dropped the phone on the floor, and took my ACR assault rifle, made sure it was loaded and aimed it at the device and waited. \"Hey, Jonah, are you there,\" it said. How did the device know my name? I took a step closer. \"What are you and how do you know my name?,\" I said focusing my aim. \"What the-\" the voice said. \"Are you stupid or something, it me Mikaela,\" the voice continued. I lowered my rifle, and walked over to the device and picked it up. \"Mikaela?,\" I asked slowly holding the rifle at my side. \"Yeah?,\" she replied. \"How did you get inside my device?,\" I asked. I heard her sigh. \"I'm not inside your 'device', it's a cellphone genius,\" she said. I still held my rifle. I put the device down and added a silencer to my weapon so I wouldn't wake my master. I took a seat and put my rifle on the floor, picked up the device Mikaela called a cellphone. \"Yeah, whatever, so can you do me a favor,\" I asked. \"What is it,\" she asked. \"Well, you see my master is a girl and she got sick and I don't feel it is right to change her myself because she's knocked out,\" I explained. \"Okay,\" she said waiting for the rest. \"Well I was wondering if you could be so kind that you would come over and assist,\" I asked. \"And what do I get in return,\" she asked. \"I'll owe you one,\" I said. \"Alright, I'll be there faster than you can load a .357 magnum,\" she said. Then I didn't hear here any more so I figured the conversation was over. I then started to load my .357 magnum. I then wondered how she would find me. I was on the last bullet when I heard a knock on the window. I got up and opened the window. \"Told you,\" she said watching me load the last bullet. \"You know I like taking my sweet time,\" I said realizing she wasn't alone. \"So, who's the kid?,\" I asked putting the magnum in my back pocket. \"He's not a kid, he's my master,\" Mikaela half-yelled. \"Cool, now could you tell him to close the window, sick person here,\" I said referring to the girl on the floor. I then realized that I didn't know her name. Shit. I walked over to the girl and sat her up. I then gathered her books hoping to find a name. Johanna Avery. Her name was similar to mine. I put her book on her desk and saw that Mikaela and the boy were watching me. \"What,\" I asked. \"You just seem like you give a damn,\" Mikaela said and the boy beside her nodded. \"Trust me I don't, now on with the agreement,\" I said. How can i care about someone i don't know, especially, how could I care for a human. I despise all humans. \"Okay, but you two have to leave the room,\" Mikaela ordered. And so we both left. We went into the kitchen and sat down on the chairs provided. We sat there in silence for a while. I was checking my weapons and loading them if needed. I didn't have time to load all my weapons back on Genesis. The boy was playing with his hands trying not to drop his mouth in amazement I figured. \"Why do you carry so much weapons,?\" he asked breaking the silence. \"No reason, but mostly for safety,\" I said moving on to cleaning my blades. They had blood on them from the times I'd kill in Genesis and didn't bother to clean them. \"Have you ever killed someone,\" he asked seeing the blood but wanting to believe otherwise. \"Sure, tons of times, and if you keep talking I might just-\" \"Okay, all done,\" Mikaela exclaimed. The boy walked quickly over to Mikaela and hid behind her like the bitch he was. I figured he knew what I was going to say without me even bothering to finish the sentence. \"What did you do to him,\" Mikaela asked. \"Nothing, he doesn't know how to handle a joke,\" I said getting up and reassembling my weapons and putting them back in there place. Mikaela and the boy just stared at me. \"You know, if you guys keep staring at me, I'll play a game of darts, with you two as the targets,\" I said pulling out a pair of throwing knives. The boy seemed to get more scared. Mikaela frowned at me, and I stood there serious. I starting to walk towards then to go into Johanna's room. \"Just so you know,\" I said only inches away from them. I saw Mikaela stiffen and the boy seem like he was about to piss his pants.\"I'm just kidding,\" I said with a smile and continued past them whistling as I walked to Johanna's room. \"What's with that guy, and why is he wearing sunglasses?,\" I heard the boy say. \"He isn't human, Micah,\" Mikaela replied. It is way to hot. I was drowning in sweat. I felt a cool towel on my head. It felt good. I opened one of my eyes slightly and saw Jonah sitting across the room loading a gun. He put it down, realizing I was awake and walked over to me. He sat down at my bedside. \"How are you feeling,\" he asked in a whisper. I turned my head to to face him. He was wearing clothes now and also his sunglasses for reasons unknown. \"Hot,\" I said but it came out as a whisper. He took my hand. They were cold as if he had been holding snow for a hour or so. \"Your hands are so cold,\" I said. Jonah smiled gently. \"Are you a vampire?,\" I asked. Jonah looked at me confused then frowned. \"No,\" he said letting go of my hand. \"So, who are you really?\" I asked. He got up and retrieved a piece a paper that was crumpled. \"I'm this guy,\" he said pointing to my art project I was working on. \"Oh, so I created you,\" I asked. \"Not exactly,\" Jonah said. \"I was already created. I-I li-lived on a planet called Genesis,\" Jonah said pointing to the night sky. I nodded. \"Did you live there alone?,\" I asked \"I lived there with a lot of my friends,\" Jonah said clenching his fists. \"So, when did you guys come here?,\" I asked. \"We were all dispatched here at 1800 hours on November 31, 2012, Genesis time,\" Jonah said. \"So, there are more of you kind?,\" I asked. \"Yeah, they've been scattered all over the world,\" Jonah answered. \"Why did you guys you guys come here,\" I asked. \"W-we have a mission,\" Jonah said looking to the ground. He was standing in the corner now with his arms folded across his chest. \"What about,\" I asked. \"It's Top Secret,\" Jonah replied as he adjusted his sunglasses. \"You said that you'd tell me everything,\" I said calmly. \"I said no such thing,\"Jonah said just as calmly. We stayed there in silence for a while. I sat there on my bed thinking about what he said. Why would people from another planet just stroll on to this one? Damn sure, it ain't for no mission. It was a shitty excuse and I know Jonah knew it. He said he was my absolute opposite. He's just as I thought he would be. I then remembered what he said in the alleyway. \"You've found me, now what?,\" I said staring at him as I broke the silence. \"What?,\" he asked looking in my direction. \"In the alleyway,\" I started shuddering from the memory. I take it Jonah thought I was cold now because he took a step forward, only to retreat. I couldn't see his face but I could tell he cared. Maybe he was trying to keep my safe, by not telling me the truth. He's going to find out the hard way that I get the truth no matter what. \"T-that was made-up so I could get him away from you,\" Jonah said. I saw through his lies. he was a terrible liar I figured being I was such a good one. \"Right, so how did you know where I lived again?,\" I said knowing there was no way he could get out of this one. He looked at his device. He took a moment to answer. He then took off his sunglasses. I figured his eyes hadn't seen actual light for so long because he squinted and held a hand over his eyes as if he was looking directly into the sun. \"M-my eyes,\" he started,\" are a lot different from those of a normal living thing,\" he continued as he opened his eyes a quarter of a centimeter wider. He winced at the light. \"I'll turn off the lights if it-,\" I started. Jonah shook his head. He stood motionless for a while and then decided to go for it and opened his eyes all the way. I didn't get to see what color they were because less than a second later he screamed and fell to the floor. I threw the sheet over myself and walked towards Jonah. \"Stay back,\" he whispered. I took a step closer and he growled, \"Get away from me.\" I watched from afar worried. He slowly got up. I could see from where I was that his one of his were half opened. The other he had his hand over. He left his glasses on the floor and leaned against the wall as if he was injured. He groaned at the pain. He stared at me with his single blue eye. \"I haven't taken off my glasses without first closing my eyes ever in my life. I was practically born with these on. I don't know why I have to wear them though,\" Jason said. I nodded understanding. I then realized I had a eye-patch from when I injured my left eye one time. I retreated to my desk drawer and looked for the eye patch. I found it as i felt Jonah's gaze on my back. I turned around and met single eye. I realized that he was holding his left eye. I walked towards Jonah and gave him the eye patch. He took it and just held it. I figure he didn't know what to do with it, so i took it back and put it on him. \"Thank you,\" Jonah whispered. I nodded and returned to my bed. Jonah now sat on the floor with his back against the wall. He blinked a few times to adjust I figured. He now looked at me and I looked back. We stayed like this for a while. Then Jonah spoke. \"T-those who reside on Genesis are named by God at birth. We don't have mothers, or fathers, and we don't exactly know where we come from. We were told that God saved us and so we owe him so we are to carry out the Will of God. We were trained to fight before we learned to talk. In our life there are only 2 things that define us: Life and Death. We didn't choose this life. The mission I spoke of before was assigned to me before I was even born,\" Jonah said gritting his teeth. \"I'm sor-,\" I started. \"Do you have any idea what's that like to ha-,\"Jonah started but his voice failed him. \"To have,\" Jonah repeated looking towards the ceiling trying to find the words he was looking for. \"To have no free will, to just do, no questions asked, to have, no choice, to be tied down, and only be needed, when it was convenient for the other person,\" Jonah growled. I heard the hate in his voice. I was speechless, there was nothing I could say. Nothing he would even let me say. \"W-what exactly is you mission?,\" I managed to ask, but it came out as a whisper. Jonah looked me directly in the eyes. I saw many different emotions in his eyes: Pain, Compassion, Love, Hatred, Coldness, Warmth, Respect, Sorrow, and other things. \"I'm sure you'd heard of the apocalypse,\" Jonah said. \" The Apocalypse as in the end of the world?,\" I asked in disbelief. I laughed, to comfort myself. \"That's ridiculous,\" I said. \" I mean that's just some bullshit the government came up with, right?,\" I asked wanting him to agree. Jonah shook his head. \"It's very much real, and if the government did find out about it, or so just assumed they were right and if they don't know that, they're going to be feeling like an ass in a couple of weeks,\" Jonah said slightly chuckling at the thought. I stared at him in disbelief. \"You guys have come here to destroy the Earth, I can't be-,\" \"WHOA!, No! No, I did not say that!,\" Jonah yelled. His eyes widened slightly and then narrowed as he furrowed his eyebrows. \"I can't believe you think we came here to do that,\" Jonah added in a calmer tone. \"But, you said your mission-,\" I started. \"No, we have come here to assist you guys in saving your Earth. This so called Apocalypse is occurring in Genesis also , and we've come from the future to figure to help you guys save yours so we can save ours also,\"Jonah said. \"How much time do we have exactly,\" I asked. \"Starting tomorrow, we have exactly 3 weeks to save this Earth ,\" Jonah said. I sat up in bed and widened my eyes. The towel that was on my head fell in my lap. I calculated three weeks as 21 days. So December 21, 2012. \"This was the exact date that people were saying the world would end, December 21, 2012,\" I whispered in shock. I put my hand over my mouth and shook my head. I looked up at Jonah. He nodded. \"We were sent here to to find people like yourself. We cannot win if you don't help us. In order to survive we need your help. We have to help humans first in order to help ourselves later,\" Jonah growled. I kind of realized he wasn't human but to actually hear proof was more than enough. \"Tsk, who would have thought the faith of both our worlds rely on mere humans,\" Jonah growled as the clock struck midnight with a bell that seemed to resonate in the silent room. ","Summary":" \"Okay class, today we will be commencing a new project\" I was staring out the window thinking abo"},{"Movie":"2012","Title":"Rebuilding","Author":"Ayla Pascal","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6634260","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It's been five months, and already there isn't enough food to go around. They planned for this eventuality; they really did, but with only three years warning, there wasn't that much they could do. At least that's what Adrian tries to tell himself, but he knows deep down that it isn't true. Even with the extra members on board, each person still has a ridiculously huge amount of room to themselves. It's like what he thought when he first came aboard. His quarters are luxurious, almost as though he's on a first-class cruise rather than on a ship during the end of the world. Of course, that's what happens when you fill a ship with the richest people on earth. Adrian tries to ignore his unease. He's hungry, but that's only because he doesn't want to eat more than what he has to. Then again, he's seen the stores. They have so many luxury items that it makes him sick. They have over a hundred pounds of Belgium chocolate. Adrian loves chocolate – especially Belgian chocolate – but they don't need that. The same room could have stored tinned meats. It could have stored real food. But even if they had stored all the right types of food, they would have still run out eventually. They need to rebuild the world out there. On the land. There's arable land out there. He can see it outside his window; they're moored off some African country – he isn't sure which. Everything's changed so much. Familiar landmarks have been destroyed, and they haven't come across any survivors on land yet. Adrian has tried to make everybody see reason. He's tried to get the entire crew involved in rebuilding the human race, but there are so many problems that his head spins. Half the people on board are over fifty and the majority of the rest are children. It poses a serious issue for reproduction, but Adrian doesn't even want to think about that. They've got more problems on their plate, like the fact they're down to rations. \"This is ridiculous.\" Adrian stares blankly at the man. The gold of his rings glint off his fingers. \"You need to pull your weight,\" he says flatly. \"But I'm a stockbroker,\" the man protests. He's still wearing a three piece suit, complete with cufflinks and a tie. \"Not some sort of farm hand.\" \"Do you want to starve?\" Adrian asks. He knows his words are overly harsh, but there's no other way he's getting through to these people. \"Do you want your children to starve?\" The man gives him a cold look. \"I don't have children aboard.\" But he holds his hand out for farming equipment, and that's what matters. Adrian grabs a shovel and directs him towards the nearest person who actually knows how to work the land. His name's Chen, but Adrian doesn't know that much more about him. He knows Chen had a family back in China that he lost, but that's all. Chen doesn't speak much English, but at least it's better than Adrian's Mandarin. \"He'll tell you what to do.\" The man makes a face at him, but moves towards Chen. Adrian's glad for that, at least. Most people want to survive. He knows that. But they need something more. They need something to urge them to work. The rations are helping, but even with rations, they still have plenty of food. Adrian bites his lower lip as he watches people out of his window. It looks like some sort of pantomime. He doesn't know much about farming – just what he's learned in the last few months by reading every single book he's got his hands on – but he knows so much more than the people out there. It's a steep learning curve, and Adrian isn't sure that people are going to make it. Already there are murmurs from some of the more knowledgeable among them. Adrian's been privy to the whispers because they consider him useful . Sometimes, Adrian thinks that they're right. There's a world out there that they can rebuild if only they could get their act together. Maybe they don't have the right people. Maybe they don't have the right skills. Maybe they saved all the wrong things . As much as Adrian admires the works of literature and art they saved, he wonders how the Mona Lisa can help them till the land. They need young, strong workers. And once they've solved their food problem, there's still the other problems of forming some sort of functioning government – Adrian's still quite attached to the idea of democracy – and, of course, repopulation. Adrian's mind shies away from that idea. He's one of the people on board who's of reproductive age. That makes him somewhat of a rarity. There are others, but not enough of them. Perhaps once the children grow up, perhaps once everything calms down... perhaps if they don't starve before then. \"You look like you've got the whole world on your shoulders.\" Adrian turns around and sees Laura enter the room. \"I do?\" She nods. \"You're making a difference,\" she says quietly. Adrian shrugs. There are small changes, but not fast enough. This isn't some sort of new scientific experiment. This isn't a new prototype or a new policy proposal. It's the survival of the human race. Small changes simply aren't enough. They need to fix this, quickly. \"Do you ever think back on everything we've lost?\" She gives him a sad smile. \"I used read this book as a kid. I can't remember the name, but I remember that there was a cat in it. I've searched in the library that we rescued, but it wasn't one of the books saved. I miss that book.\" Adrian hears what's unspoken. He knows she misses everything else. He does too. Walking over, he takes her hand and squeezes it. \"We'll build a new world,\" he vows. \"It'll be a different world.\" Perhaps Chen and the others are right. Adrian doesn't know anymore. All he knows is that he's on the side of the human race, and he'll do anything to make sure that they survive. ","Summary":" It's been five months, and already there isn't enough food to go around. They planned for this even"},{"Movie":"2012","Title":"crossfire","Author":"immaculate amber","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6709300","Passage":"[Chapter 1] crossfire Pobre humanidade. Nenhum deles quis acreditar, não é verdade? Não adiantaria avisá-los, na verdade. Mortais têm a mania de desacreditar os deuses e seus representantes em Terra. Os supostos inocentes sempre desconhecem os minuciosos detalhes de questões como essas e os poderosos desperdiçam tempo crucial de maneira alheia. Mas quem disse que Vossos Senhores se importam? Deuses amam o caos. É dele que retiram suas forças. As atuais vítimas foram tão bem escolhidas! Pois os homens desconfiam de tudo o que seus aparelhos estranhos, aquelas coisas mecânicas, não consigam provar. Escolham os melhores assentos, será tão perfeita a destruição desta vez. (Ah, passarinhos tolos, caíam de seus ninhos e dêem-nos, então, um bom espetáculo) ","Summary":" crossfire Pobre humanidade. Nenhum deles quis acreditar, não é verdade? Não adiantaria avisá-los, n"},{"Movie":"2012","Title":"The end","Author":"Sly Silver Fox","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8121260","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer : I don't own the 2012 movie \"The world is ending. I hope you're all with your loved ones; this will be our last day on Earth...\" The 'face of 2035' grimaces back at me and the billion other people in the nation. I sigh and wave my hand through the Pro, the image disintegrating into the humid air. All the channels have been cut by the Generator; replaced by Tab's panicking face - delivering our death warrants. Not that we need him to, it's starkly obvious what's happening to our planet. For the past three months, big, blazing balls of fire have rained down upon us, engulfing anything in its way in flames of ochre and blood. Two of them wrecked the Re-Growth Centre, rendering the women of New London grief stricken. It gives me a headache to think of the illogic behind their depression. I would not want to willingly have children now. Not without my parents here to implant the blessing chip. Not in this stifling, deteriorating environment. Why would anyone want to bring a child into this hell? I grit my teeth as their faces flash through my mind, smiling and shaking hands with Lupus. Excited to meet their future son-in-law... winking at me over his shoulder. The last time I saw them. My chest constricts and I can't feel any air passing my lips. Just as I slam out of the house - needing to breathe all of a sudden despite the ArtAir installed in the Pad - a strong arm curls around my waist and drags me back inside. I'm spun around forcefully and I come face to face with Lupus: his eyes are angry, his nostrils flaring. For a second... I forgot. \"DOVE ! What are you doing? You know we can't go out there - you know it's not safe anymore,\" he shouts, sliding the door close and setting the bolts to 'cross lock'. Sometimes the need to breathe cold, clean air overwhelms me. I forget about our situation, and then the searing heat will creep up in my throat and I'll remember. Distracted, it takes me a second to program the scene window over his shoulder for the only other channel available and I can look out at the wreck that is our world. The pavement has crumbled into dust; the road is littered with baring crags and wasted plastic models. Scraps of clothes flutter like warning signs, and the air swelters, visibly fluctuating like the waves of a tumultuous ocean. Other Pads are battered from the months of extreme weather, the industrial white of the paint spattered with red and grey. The sky looks painful - like it would rip you up if you touched it. The sun is a gaping blood stain, and the years of global warming have swallowed up the clouds and any remnants of blue. Red. Everything is red. I feel like crying, but I've always been strong, so I turn my head and stare Lupus out instead. He waits for an answer, his hands tilting my face this way and that, searching for it. Even if we weren't being eradicated by the sun; it still would've been hard to breathe outside - we'd all had to have a special chemical injected into our bloodstream to adjust our systems to the new environment. Those of us that could afford it. And those of us who were young enough. Unlike my parents. Even animals were given the chemical, yet the poor weren't, and the old considered a waste of resources. Lupus shakes me out of my daydream by grabbing my arms.\" Long live democracy\" he shouts angrily at the sky. Sick of his shouting, I pull my curtain of hair aside and show him the bumps at my temple: the ridges that mean the chemical is still functioning. Hand shooting up, he runs his fingers over them, relief clear in his face; and then a sudden hug. \"Thank God, it hasn't run out. I wouldn't know what to do if the rays had taken you,\" he breathes out against my midnight hair. I allow myself to relax - which wasn't a regular occurrence - understanding his reaction. Lately, since the outbursts became worse, leaving your pad was no longer recommended. In fact, it was explicitly forbidden. The sun was finally shaking off its fatigue: sending effortless radioactive rays our way, rays which mingle with the gases in our atmosphere and burn through everything. The rays have destroyed Mercury and Venus within a year. The moon has been swallowed up gloriously and many newborn children don't even know what the night sky looks like. They will never see the stars. The gigantic, energized reaction physically shocked the Earth; it was as if the planet would be dislodged from its axis like a fly. We felt the aftermaths every day for weeks. It was the first collective earthquake ever recorded. Lupus and I have been surviving on the SuPaks my granddad had stashed in the Reserve from the days of the Red War, when he was a soldier . We'd probably have run out sooner if Lupus's cousin was still here. As it was, two days after the moon exploded and rained silver bullets on Earth; she wanted to see the state of the sky herself, not bothered to take heed of the Generator's words. Lupus had tried to stop her but she was a fast girl - she'd been injecting granddad's stash of Stam to stay awake longer. As soon as she stepped outside, a roaming ray caught her pale skin. At first we thought it was a tame one and I began to follow her lead, seeing her enchanted smile at the way her body glowed. Within seconds she began to scream: she began to dry out, and she fell against an abandoned bush, scratching at her scorching skin. She died. Her shares of the supplies have been sustaining Lupus and I for a month, and we wait. We wake up at the toll of the morning bell, and we wait. We drift off into dreams when we're calm enough and we wait. Every minute trails by, and still we wait. We wait for death. We wait for the end. Lupus tries not to show it but I know he's scared. He will never get to go to Mars and train to be a great solider . He will never get to take me to the Re-Growth Centre and hold his child. He will never get to see his parents again or see his brother's smile, as wrecked as it is. Ever since we met, I've known him to be the kind of person who looks after everyone else. And yet when he needs it, I can't look after him. I study his dusty hair, damp from his wash and his worried hazel eyes as they flicker to-and-fro. I want to scream. I want to bite and scratch and claw at the world, and the people who have ruined it. At us, at ourselves. An insistent beeping brings us both out of our trances. He pulls me around and calls the Pro up. The molecules in the air darken, and within seconds, Tab's face is back. At the corner of the screen there is a countdown. My head swims. \"Two minutes,\" I whisper, my hand crushing Lupus's. I clutch at the necklace my mother gave me with the other hand. The delicate swallow is pressed into my clammy palm hard enough to leave an imprint. Squeezing my dull blue eyes shut, I kiss my memories. Then... I let them go. \"Finally,\" Lupus replies, sinking onto the floor and a devastating smile breaks the haggard planes of his face. It's the first smile, I've seen in months. Unfortunately I'm distracted by the realization that he wants to wait in here for his death. He wants to surrender, to what he's been waiting for, for so, so long. \"No.\" I tell him, stepping forward and tilting his chin up. He looks at me, confused. \"What?\" \"We've waited for three months. We've slowly lost everyone we ever cared about. We've watched and heard countless people die out there. I will not sit in here and graciously accept my last seconds on Earth. I want to go like a solider : I want to go with you , in glory.\" I state, driven wild by the sudden passion in my chest. I can see him take in my words, thinking about what I'm saying. Slowly he stands up, takes my hands and leads me to the door. He wanted to be a solider like his father - I know my message has hit hard. I'm the one who opens the door, pressing the release touchpad. He can't bring himself to do it. \"Twenty seconds,\" Tab's voice floats from behind us. We step out into the harsh air, fire instantly seizing our breath. Craning my neck, I see a long ring of flames encircling the star of death. My body aches for the taste of pure water; the kind my ancestors had. My eyes swim in and out of focus: the air is too sharp to see clearly. I gulp down dry oxygen, the swallow is nestled against my collarbone. \"Dove, I love you,\" Lupus tells me, wrapping his arms around me and putting his lips to my forehead. I close my eyes, fighting long due tears and open them again. I want to time it perfectly. I have to time it perfectly. For us. For Lupus. For my parents, for his parents. For his cousin. For our love... for his unborn baby. The sun seems to expand, the air heats up ferociously, sweat drips down onto my cheek and sizzles against my skin. Ash flutters against our linked hands, the ground throbs with our faltering heart beats; a halt in the air, silence pierces our ears harder than any drum. \"I love you too Lupus,\" I whisper into his neck with my last breath. And the sun explodes. ","Summary":" Disclaimer : I don't own the 2012 movie \"The world is ending. I hope you're all with your loved on"},{"Movie":"2012","Title":"Faultlines","Author":"Hawki","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7372902","Passage":"[Chapter 1] . Faultlines December 21st, the day, In 2012 the Earth did say, \"My lithosphere's got hell to pay,\" And launched its plates into the fray. ... Mountain chains began to lift, Far widened were divergent rifts, Into seas fell mighty cliffs, While lava flowed like Vulcan myth. ... And yet the mighty Earth remained, It endured its throes of pain. Mantle and cores would thus refrain, From shattering Earth's surface frame. ... But what of the biosphere, The realm that Earth-life held so dear? Perhaps they too had faced their fears, But their words feel deaf upon Earth's ears. ","Summary":" . Faultlines December 21st, the day, In 2012 the Earth did say, \"My lithosphere's got hell to pay,"},{"Movie":"2012","Title":"Freedom of John Cusack","Author":"Zolanski brothers","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9501927","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Freedom of John Cusack This story is fiction and the characters are based on the writers of this story but the names are changed. This is NOT based on a true story. We have a dream and it´s to meet the main character in this story which is John Cusack. WARNING! THE STUNTS IN THIS STORY ARE PERFORMED BY PROFESSIONALS, FOR YOUR SAFETY AND THE PROTECTION AROUND YOU, DON´T TRY THIS AT HOME! The two best friends Rachel and Severin were abroad, in Hollywood. They were walking down the pier as they met a gypsy fortune-teller. At that time the fortune-teller was on a break and she was eating fries outside the fish shack. As Rachel and Severin were walking towards the fortune-teller as they were mad at her due to her break, they saw a familiar face in the restaurant. They were sitting on the curb with the fortune-teller, reflecting on their trip in Hollywood. It turns out that they haven´t met any celebrity during their one week stay. The fortune-teller was sitting close to those girls as she told them that they should stay for another week. Due to her being a fortune-teller the girls decided to give it a try. Severin was hungry and thirsty because it was hot outside so she went inside the restaurant. Rachel was waiting for her outside, next to the fortune-teller. 5 minutes later, Rachel got bored waiting outside, so she meets up with Severin inside the crowded fish shack. Severin occupied the booth next to the entry as she was waiting for her order to come. Rachel looks around, searching for Severin. She looked in front of her at first but then she looked to her right and spots a celebrity. Severin began to play with the napkins on the table, then she spotted Rachel and shouts, she caught the fellow customers' attention. Rachel got frustrated and embarrassed that she was shouting across the restaurant when a star was sitting there. She screams out \"SEVERIN!\" with an angry tone in her voice and walks slowly over to Severin´s table. \"Why are you embarrassing me like that?\", she asks. \"What?, What´s wrong?\", Severin replied. Rachel screams silently \"ARE YOU BLIND!? JOHN effing CUSACK IS HERE!\" and slaps Severin´s arm as hard as she could. Severin turns around slowly to catch a glimpse of John Cusack, her hero. They decided to meet John Cusack. They ask each other about their looks and they think of an opening line. 3 minutes later, they felt confident enough to talk to their hero, nothing could go wrong! Rachel is the first person John Cusack meets of the 2 girls. Her Johnny Depp look, with the short black hair and glasses are irresistible to men. She says hello to John Cusack and they start to converse with each other. Severin abrupt the two and says hello. She joins the two in their conversation. They begin to talk about tourism and suddenly… Severin tells him that her friend Rachel likes to twerk to the song Low by Flo-Rida and slaps her ass in front of John Cusack. He looks funny at Severin and dosen´t say another word. Rachel can´t stop laughing, their hero thinks Severin is creepy. John Cusack leaves while rolling his eyes in the way that states the girls being crazy. This moment would last for life and it just turned out to be an awkward moment. Well, not many people can be that lucky, their dream came true… so they did what every girl does… they called their friend. \"Chili, guess what just happened! Or don´t guess, I´m going to tell you either way. John Cusack looked funny at Severin as she slapped my ass, oh my beautiful ass! Now a plastic surgeon needs to take a look at it, just kidding. Oh my gosh, this was fun! Wish you could see his face when she slapped my ass.\" \"Sooo…? It´s not that I don´t care, just that you guys exaggerate with everything. I don´t and I won´t believe you guys. He was probably imaginary. Anyway, you ain´t got no ass and you´re clearly obsessed with it.\" Rachel´s face turns red as she´s raising her voice. \"Damn you, Chili! He is real, just as my ass! If you don´t believe it, then come and see for your self. You´re such a buzz kill!\" \"WHO ELSE? MY DAD?! Only you believe I´m a buzz kill, surely Severin dosen´t\" Severin yells when she heard Chili´s comment through the phone: \"YES I DO!\" Chili heard that quietly as an echo that runs out and shouts: \"I thought you had my back! Traitor!\" And then she´s hung up the phone. \"Well, Severin, that was awesome!\" Severin replies modestly and dreamy with a slightly low tone. \"Yeah, now let´s go home and live happily ever after, no matter what the fortune-teller told us. Let´s go home.\" An enthusiastic Rachel says: \"But we should spread the word, right?\" \"I don´t care, do what ever you like, I´m content with my Friday. We should have anniversaries for this day.\" \"Yeah, sure, can´t believe he left so soon but this was fricking awesome! It couldn´t be better than the awkward moment\" Then a Californian surfer dude walks pass them. Severin suddenly stares at him and shouts: \"Damn! Look at the hunk! Daaamn!\" Rachel agrees. She said that the surfer dude was the highlight of their vacation. They were ABSOLUTLEY satisfied with their trip after that sight… ","Summary":" Freedom of John Cusack This story is fiction and the characters are based on the writers of this st"},{"Movie":"2012","Title":"La feuille Morte","Author":"SamShades","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6458664","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Vendredi 21 Septembre 2012 Soirée morose. Les jours se font plus courts, on voit clairement que l'été est terminé. Place à l'automne. L'automne et ses feuilles bariolées du rouge au jaune, qui tombent et pourrissent au sol. L'automne et ses pluies battantes. L'automne et ses rafales de vent qui ne promettaient que froid hivernal. J'adore cette saison ! Non, vraiment. Et puis, en plus, ces saloperies d'insectes crèvent les uns après les autres. Bon, il y a toujours quelques araignées qui s'incrustent, mais il suffit de les renvoyer dehors et on n'en parle plus. En plus, il y a des jours fériés sympa. Mardi 25 Septembre 2012 Rentré du travail. Encore plein de bouchons sur l'autoroute. Trois semaines que ça dure, je crois que je vais claquer un nerf. Des tarés se foutent au milieu des routes avec leurs pancartes stupides, leurs idées stupides, et leurs superstitions stupides. Non mais vraiment, on le saurait si la fin du monde était pour dans trois mois ! Et puis, d'ailleurs, moi je dis, la planète elle a rien à craindre. C'est nous qui risquons d'y passer s'il se passe quoi que ce soit. La Terre, elle, ça fait 4 milliards d'automnes qu'elle subit, et jamais elle n'a eu aucun problème pour rester fertile et se régénérer chaque printemps. Non mais, franchement, ils sont dingues les gens. Et puis, après tout, si on meurt, ça nous fera une belle jambe. Enfin pour ma part, j'en ai rien à foutre. Ils cassent les couilles avec leurs conneries. Moi j'ai un salaire à honorer et une vie -si courte soit-elle- à entretenir. Et pour l'entretenir faut bien que je travaille. M'emmerdent avec leurs conneries ! Bon, pas tout ça mais j'ai mes natures mortes à peindre. En plus, c'est pile le moment. Il fait beau, pas trop frais, et la lumière est géniale. Pourquoi les gens font chier avec ce qui se passera demain alors qu'aujourd'hui n'est même pas terminé, hm ? Samedi 13 Octobre 2012 Fait longtemps que j'ai pas écrit. Pris par le travail, et puis l'automne n'attend pas. C'est vraiment ma saison préférée, je la trouve magnifique. Et puis, bientôt la toussaint, il faut que je prépare quelque chose à aller porter sur la tombe de maman. C'est pas papa qui s'en occupera tiens. Je sais même pas où il est et de toute façon j'en ai rien à foutre. Dimanche 14 octobre 2012 Ma peinture est belle. J'en suis fier, ça fait longtemps que je n'ai pas peint comme ça ! On voit que c'est l'automne et que ça m'inspire. C'est génial. Je mets une photo pour pouvoir m'en souvenir toujours. En plus, j'ai trouvé un oiseau blessé. Il a l'aile cassée alors je l'ai recueilli et j'ai demandé conseil à un vétérinaire qui m'a dit de simplement le garder au chaud dans un endroit douillet. Alors je l'ai fait ! Qu'est-ce que je suis gentil, quand même. Mardi 30 Octobre 2012 Demain soir : Halloween ! Je barricaderai la maison pour que personne ne vienne sonner. Les bonbons c'est pour moi et puis de toute façon j'aime pas les gamins. Ils hurlent, ils foutent le bordel et tout, nan ça fait chier. Même pas capable de tracer un trait droit sans règle. Bref. Si un seul sonne alors que tout porte à croire que personne n'habite là, c'est qu'ils ont un sérieux problème ! Vraiment, j'adore l'automne. Pour la toussaint j'ai prévu d'apporter à Maman le portrait que j'avais fait d'elle, avant qu'elle meure. J'espère qu'elle aimera, où qu'elle soit. De toute façon, si on en croit les timbrés -de plus en plus nombreux- qui défilent dans la rue, je la rejoindrai bientôt ! Le 21 décembre ? Ils auraient pu au moins attendre Noël ! Les enfoirés. Jeudi 1er Novembre 2012 Je suis allé porter mon tableau sur la tombe de maman. Tous les ans c'est pareil. Je me rends compte qu'elle me manque horriblement seulement quand j'ai la tombe sous mon pif. Faut dire, c'était la meilleure des mères. Elle aussi elle aimait l'automne. Du coup j'ai déposé à côté du tableau une feuille de platane, toute rouge, comme elle les aime. Fait chier putain, si elle était encore là, elle aurait souri. Pour Halloween, c'était la grande victoire du siècle ! Personne n'a sonné ! J'ai pu m'empiffrer, me bâfrer, me bourrer, me goinfrer, m'enfiler, et finir touuus les paquets de bonbons que j'avais. J'ai gardé les dragibus pour la fin. Vendredi 23 Novembre 2012 Je me fais chier comme un rat mort ! En plus je me suis fait virer du boulot parce que ces enculés prennent au sérieux les \"prévisions\" \"ultra précises, fiables et certaines\" des gogos qui manifestent dehors ! Je les hais tous. C'est de leur faute si tout arrive. Grand-père qui tombe malade à cause du stress -il y croit dur comme fer le pauvre, maman qui est décédée dans une de leurs émeutes à la con, il y a quatre ans, papa qui se barre comme un bâtard pour faire je sais pas quoi je sais pas où... Et maintenant moi qui me fais virer par leur faute ! Putain, j'espère qu'elle aura lieu cette grosse salope de fin de l'humanité parce que ça me ferait mal au cul d'avoir tout perdu pour rien ! J'ai bien envie de les buter tous un par un. Dimanche 2 Décembre 2012 Y'a la voisine qui veut bien m'engager pour s'occuper de sa maison en son absence. Ça me fera toujours un peu de sous pour survivre, je commençais à trouver le frigo énorme tellement il est vide. Et puis j'ai un de ces mal de ventre, t'as jamais vu ça. Tellement j'ai la dalle que j'ai du mal à pas écrire comme je parle. Oh, et bien sûr, le 22, mon anniversaire ! Je recevrai sûrement l'éternelle carte annuelle de mon grand-père... J'irai le voir, ça fait un moment. Il apprécie beaucoup ce que je fais, en plus. C'est lui qui l'a dit. En tout cas, j'ai pas envie d'avoir 20 ans. C'est la pire chose qui puisse m'arriver, je pense. De toute façon, y'a cette putain de fin du monde la veille. J'aurai de la chance si ça se révèle vrai. Je l'espère. De toute façon tout craint. L'automne est bientôt terminée, en plus. Tiens, encore cette date. Qu'est-ce que c'est que ce bordel autour du 21 Décembre sérieusement ! Tout était destiné à prendre fin ce jour-là ? C'est la grosse merde, en tout cas en ce moment. Y'a des pénuries de tout partout, une grève générale parce que le gouvernement merde de partout, des suicides collectifs parce que d'autres tarés préfèrent crever tranquillement tant qu'il est encore temps plutôt que de la main de la nature... On se croirait dans un film de série B médiocre avec des effets spéciaux merdique et du ketchup pour les jets de sang. Sérieusement, pour moi la fin du monde a déjà commencé. Lundi 17 Décembre 2012 Si on en croit ces dégénérés, il ne nous reste plus que quatre jours à vivre. Je vais aller me trouver une ou deux meufs à tirer. J'ai pas envie de crever puceau, ce serait vraiment la totale. Mercredi 19 Décembre 2012 Putain, ok, je crois qu'ils avaient raison, les barjos ! Ce matin vers les 6h du matin, y'a eu un tremblement de terre monstrueux. On n'a jamais vu ça ici. Putain, on est à Paris, pas à Osaka ! Heureusement que ma télé marche encore, parce que putain c'est le bordel à cause de ça, y'a même des bouts de murs ou de plafond qui sont tombés ! Ils disent aux infos que le séisme a été évalué à 8,7 sur le truc de Richter, là, et l'épicentre était pas loin de chez moi ! Putain je te dis pas le gros flip que j'ai eu ! Je crois que si je survis à Vendredi, je me suicide. Jeudi 20 Décembre 2012 Croyez le ou non, mais un volcan a élu domicile juste devant l'Élysée. Il a commencé à cracher de la fumée. Les séismes ne se comptent plus. Ça tremble au moment même où je couche les mots sur le papier. Enfin, fini les trucs de poète ! Je crois que demain je n'écrirai pas. C'est bientôt la fin de l'automne, je vais enfin devenir une feuille morte ! Extrait du journal d'Arthur Lecomte, décédé lors du cataclysme qui a eu lieu dans la nuit du 21 au 22 Décembre 2012. Porté disparu. ","Summary":" Vendredi 21 Septembre 2012 Soirée morose. Les jours se font plus courts, on voit clairement que l'é"},{"Movie":"Independence Day","Title":"Ejection Strike","Author":"Quallevra","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12558104","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ejection Strike Prologue In the final moments Chikak, head of Harbinger 1-3, stared grimly at the the screen as the sounds of battle raged outside. Although the display was blurry and flickering, it was still legible. It read, \"Evidence system problem caused by vermin. Somehow infiltrated in Scout.\" Chikak could already see from the other screens that the rest of their Harbingers were being destroyed in droves. There were fewer left than he had fingers on one hand, and dropping. At this rate, they would soon follow. The fleet of Strikers outside had been all but annihilated, and they weren't close enough to anything worth firing the thermetic cascade at. Indeed, trying was what had doomed many of the others. Perhaps, he thought, it was time to try inflicting a different type of damage. Whirling around, Chikak called out to his crew. \"Bring us to ground level and stabilize us. Bypass the cascade's usual workings and rewire the beam for damage output… for drilling.\" Some of the others stared back in shock. \"You want to try to core the planet?! Now, by ourselves?!\" Chikak nodded grimly. \"Apologies to Nuconne, but yes. If we do nothing, they'll kill us too. That's clear by now. At least this way, they can't come at us from below, and we may do some damage to them in turn.\" \"We can't claim the energy in a Harbinger,\" someone muttered, but there were more vital concerns. \"If this works, we could kill everyone still down here. Many of ours could still be alive.\" \"I know,\" Chikak snapped, \"but at this rate, none of us will be for long. It's clear by now that there will be no Harvest. If we do this, the vermin will take the bulk of the damage, and that just may save some of ours!\" He looked around fiercely. \"Do it!\" There was a brief moment of hesitation, but then his crew got to work. Although he could still hear doubt from many of them, they were all committed to making this work if possible. Coring would normally be the last step in a Harvest, the final prize claimed from the planet, and for good reason: the planet would be uninhabitable once the energy was extracted. Now, he could only hope that trying to bleed that energy out would prove an effective move against the vermin that were unexpectedly destroying their people. \"Chikak, look. I may have found something.\" He looked over at the soft call. Ketni was still planted in front of the same monitor she'd been working at for the last sub-cycle, and he'd almost forgotten about her and her little project. He wasn't sure the results mattered anymore. He went to look anyway. \"You can see them through those devices?\" \"Yes, I can use their relay drones to see them. I've been doing that. I mean, I think I've found something worth seeing.\" She gestured to the screen. They'd been using the vermin's orbiting machines for their own signals from the beginning, but Ketni had had the idea to use their native monitoring ability to search for information on which of the detected hot spots was the center for what they now knew to be a terrible counter-attack in the making. Now she had a view from one of them. The screen was marred with static, but it showed a single vermin producing sounds, clearly holding the attention of all the others around it. \"This is from just before the trouble started, and this is clearly one of their heads, rallying or ordering the rest. I think it's the head of the whole thing.\" \"You may be right,\" Chikak told her. \"Unfortunately, that doesn't help us now. It's far too late to stop anything by targeting the source. Besides, I'm guessing that there's no one left wherever that came from to do it.\" \"No,\" Ketni agreed softly. \"The Harbinger that went for that nest was the first to be destroyed.\" She looked up. \"We might still be able to learn something from this, though. Perhaps if we could find a way to interpret the sounds it's making…\" Chikak sighed. He could feel her desperation to do something useful, to salvage something, but it really was too late. \"I'm sorry. I don't think that will help us now.\" He paused to listen as other crew members assured him that they had a drill-laser working. Indeed, he could hear it humming. After a moment, he turned back to Ketni. \"Look, if you really think there's value in what you found, send it to Homeship. Maybe they can gain something from it. It's no good to us down here.\" Although he tried to suppress it, Ketni heard his full meaning. \"You don't expect us to survive either, do you?\" \"No,\" Chikak admitted softly. Everyone who had come down to this world, he feared, was as good as dead. He looked up. Those back up Home would have to carry on somehow, despite this loss… Suddenly, he and everyone else on the Harbinger staggered in shock, as a horrible wave of devastation swept through the Thoughtsea. It had come from above. Homeship, and everyone on it, had been destroyed. \"No… how?\" It seemed that was the only sentiment left to them. Chikak leaned against the console in despair. Now there was truly nothing, and no one, left. But no, he suddenly realized. That wasn't quite true. Their entire civilization had just effectively perished, but others existed, out there… Knowing he had only a mini-cycle or less, his fingers flew over the buttons of the console. Swiftly, he keyed in the statement of their destruction, attached the recording of what Ketni had found, and sent it out into the Void, where he could only trust that another Arretchi Homeship would pick it up. A moment later, the consoles, and the entire Harbinger interior, went dark. The sound of their makeshift drill ceased. Without the energy field from Home, they had no power to run on, and unlike smaller ships, a Harbinger didn't have back-up energy modules. At least they didn't have to worry about falling, since they'd already settled to the ground. Chikak could feel the fear and despair that filled his crew. He wasn't immune to them himself. Taking a deep breath, he turned to them. \"Our people are dead, and we're stranded here, on this hostile planet. I don't know how long we'll last. However, we are still alive. We'll stay that way, as long as we can.\" \"You called out to others of our kind, whoever may be out there,\" Ketni noted. \"Do you expect help to come?\" \"I don't know,\" Chikak admitted. \"I sent the message as a warning, so others would know the danger here. I don't know if anyone will try to help us. I doubt it would come in time if they did. We're alone, and surrounded by hostile, and apparently very deadly, vermin. I don't know how long we can last.\" \"Then what do we do?\" someone asked. Chikak looked around grimly at his crew, all that was left of their people. \"For as long as possible, we fight.\"[Chapter 2] Ejection Strike Part One A quarter-Span later Mitarrid waved at a doorway in the back of the room. \"Put it in there, in the far corner. That way, we can see it from here, but it can't get in the way.\" Greel nodded in acknowledgement as he pushed the slender tube through the doorway. The gem-sculpture inside shivered slightly with the movement, but not much. The suspending liquid was thick, precisely to prevent it from moving around in there. Mitarrid turned at the arrival of a familiar presence in the main doorway. Jengre was looking inquisitively at the proceedings. \"You're decorating the Monitoring Station now?\" \"This may just be recon, but it's still dangerous,\" Mitarrid reminded him. \"An entire society died at this planet. If we're going to be that close, some of us are looking for ways to keep our spirits up.\" She glanced back at the sculpture, which was now in place. It was a flattish, graceful piece, its shape somewhat reminiscent of a Striker in flight, and the gems that comprised it were a gradation of blue and green. Bathed in the ambient light of Home, they seemed to not only reflect it, but glow with their own source. As an expression of the Arretchi's strength and pride, it was a fine work. Jengre looked at Mitarrid curiously. \"Do you dread looking upon the results of the carnage, or are you afraid we'll be in danger too?\" \"Probably both,\" she mused. \"We don't really know yet what we're dealing with. That's the whole problem.\" She looked back again to see Greel staring at them both. The young Sculptor didn't know all the details about what was going on, but what he was hearing worried him. \"Just what are we getting into?\" he asked. \"The death of an entire society?\" \"Surely you've heard the stories,\" Mitarrid told him. \"I've heard several stories. We all know the tales of the Nemesis War, for instance.\" Jengre shook his head. \"This is nothing like that. The Horde is dangerous, clearly, but not on that level.\" \"Are you so sure?\" Mitarrid asked quietly. \"Even the Nemesis never caused damage on such an extreme scale. We're counting heavily on the Horde being contained. If we're wrong about that…\" \"Then we'll know soon enough.\" Although fully aware of the potential seriousness of the situation, Jengre was considerably less worried than Mitarrid. It was also clear that neither was especially interested in sharing all the details with Greel. He quietly left the Monitoring Station. The Thoughtsea was vast, thousands of feelings and intentions all joined into a great, encompassing flow. While mostly calm and purposeful, though, an undercurrent of nervousness, of apprehension, had been growing slowly in it for some time now. Everyone knew that something bad had happened, and that they might face a risk themselves in responding. The actual facts, however, weren't clear enough like this. The Thoughtsea was more a realm of feeling than hard knowledge. Greel pulled out and returned to full awareness of his surroundings. He could sense Parrik nearby. As a head of general affairs, she would certainly know exactly what they were facing, and could clarify for him. He called out to her. Parrik answered readily enough, and was available to talk. Greel asked for the details even as he made the short walk from his rooms to hers. He could feel her amusement. \"So, you've finally pulled yourself out of your artistic works enough to take note of the bigger picture?\" \"The bigger picture seems to be influencing the requests I get,\" he pointed out. \"People are looking for reassurance.\" He entered Parrik's main room and looked at her seriously. \"What exactly are we facing?\" \"You've heard of the Horde.\" It wasn't a question. \"I've heard the whispers all my life. A mob of killer vermin who lie in wait on a planet and devour everyone who comes down. I never knew how much truth was behind them.\" He shrugged. \"There are more plausible stories to be afraid of.\" He meant the Nemesis War, and she knew it. \"The War is old history, and it affected our entire species. It will always be a part of our history, a part of who we are, because it left its mark so firmly- and because we all know there's a risk that those days could someday return. We'll never be free of that risk until the last Nemesis is found and destroyed.\" Parrik shook her head. \"This is another matter entirely.\" She looked at him seriously. \"Do you remember our last Harvest?\" \"Mostly. I remember the celebrations, and how Homeship rang with excitement for so long afterward. Not all the details, though.\" \"You were still quite young then. Did you remember that there was a pall to that excitement for some of us, right afterward?\" Greel shook his head. \"Even as we cored that world, we picked up a long-range message, from another civilization- another Homeship. They, too, had found a planet to Harvest at that time. However, when they tried to burn out the local vermin, it ended badly. They were all killed.\" \" All of them? The whole civilization?\" \"It sounded like it. The message itself stated total destruction, and came with a brief recording of what seemed to be the vermin's head. The Dreamer heard in more detail.\" \"She told you?\" Greel blinked in surprise. He'd never heard of the Dreamer involving herself with anyone outside of those only she could hear. \"It's she who ceremonially presides over the coring at the conclusion of the Harvest, didn't you know? But in response to something like this, she would certainly have reacted anyway. Oh yes, she told us,\" Parrik assured him. \"She heard from their Dreamer, of course. He didn't know everything- no one did. The local vermin had been properly studied and judged easy prey. Low technology level, no space flight. It should have been a simple job, and for a handful of cycles, it was. Then, somehow, it all turned around.\" \"What happened?\" \"At least one of the vermin got onto their Homeship somehow, they think. In a stolen craft, a Striker or a Scout. They had technology to prevent them from being used that way, but somehow, it happened anyway. Then, through means no one ever understood, it caused all of our people's technology to malfunction. With nothing working as it should, they were at a disadvantage, and the vermin tore them apart. Those creatures shouldn't have been strong enough to do it even in that case, but they did. Even their Homeship was destroyed, the Core somehow breached.\" Parrik closed her eyes. \"The final impressions, gathered and sent by their Dreamer, were of a great horde of hostile creatures, swarming and destroying Harbingers and Strikers alike.\" Greel stared. \"You saw those yourself?\" Parrik nodded. \"I did. Everyone who needed to saw them.\" She took a deep breath. \"We had to know what we could of what we faced, because someone needs to face it and learn the rest. We have to gauge, as nearly as possible, how dangerous this Horde truly is to us. If they're contained on their own planet, we need only stay away. However, if they've taken intact Arretchi ships for themselves, and learned to use them…\" Greel shuddered. \"I see.\" \"We also seek to learn whether there are any survivors still there. I don't know if there's anything we can do for them, if so. We may not dare get that close. Still, we owe them to know of their fate.\" Greel nodded slowly. \"I suppose we do.\" Yes, he could see that going and learning these things was important, but it was also dangerous and frightening, and he couldn't help the thought, \"Of all our kind, why us?\" Parrik heard. \"Because we're the closest. It's as simple as that. It took pushing our speed to its limits, but we were able to get here in a viable amount of time.\" \"How close are we now? I've heard the apprehension, this last macro-cycle.\" \"We've recently entered their system, though the planet itself is much closer to the center. Another macro-cycle, and we'll reach it. We'll have to decide as we get closer, just how close we dare get.\" \"We don't want them to see us.\" \"No. We're coasting now, you know, to reduce detectable energy output. We don't really know what they can pick up on, or what they can do at all.\" Greel shuddered as a new thought occurred to him. \"If we were already this close, it could as easily have been us who stumbled on this place to begin with.\" \"No, there'd have been no danger of that,\" Parrik assured him. \"It's a small planet, below our threshold. The Homeship that found it wasn't nearly as large as ours.\" They were interrupted at that moment by an urgent call. Parrik was needed in the conference chamber, immediately. It sounded bad. \"What do you think…?\" Greel trailed off fearfully. \"I'll find soon out,\" Parrik said grimly. She gave Greel what was meant to be a comforting pat on the shoulder as she passed, but there was too much worry under it to allow for any comfort. Parrik joined Orron and Bazz in the conference chamber. Orron had helped organize the last Harvest, and was the closest thing to an expert on dealing with planets and their native vermin. Bazz was to be war leader against the Nemesis, should it ever be needed, but his voice would be useful here too. Parrik was a general authority head, and the three of them were collaborating on getting through this dangerous effort. The tension in the room made it clear that things must have become far more dangerous. \"What's happened?\" Parrik asked. Bazz looked at the other two grimly. \"Our Monitors just spotted this.\" He brought up the image on screen. An energy trail traced across their star maps. The ship that left it had made several jumps, changing direction each time, and the older parts of the trail had already faded, making an origin impossible to find. The current destination, though, was clear: the third planet from this system's star, the same planet that hosted the Horde. \"Is that…?\" \"A Nemesis warp trail,\" Bazz confirmed grimly. \"The Nemesis is on the move, seeking to contact the Horde.\" All three looked at other in horror. It wasn't unheard of, when vermin had ships of their own, for some to scatter and escape the Harvested planet. Usually, they either tried to keep fighting, and were destroyed quickly, or disappeared into the Void. The Nemesis race had not only fought and been good at it, they'd spread out and launched attacks on other Homeships as well, any they could find. With the technology to leap across space with such speed, an ability the Arretchi never had managed to wrest for themselves, they had proven a universal menace. It had taken countless ages to destroy them all, and it was well known that one had gotten away. That one, by all evidence, was gathering the scatterlings left over from other Harvests to build a new force and rekindle the war. They had a nest on some planet, and destroying it was a high priority for all Arretchi- if they could ever locate it. For all the damage and grief caused by the Nemesis War, though, it had never resulted in anything as extreme as the destruction of a Homeship, and the death of an entire civilization. Indeed, as far as they knew, such a thing had never happened at all, until just now, with the Horde. Now, though, the last Nemesis sought the Horde, and there was only one reason for it to do that. \"It would recruit those creatures to fight with it, against us,\" Parrik murmured. \"If that happens…\" \"It would be catastrophic. Horde destruction joined with Nemesis mobility? We'd be looking at a massacre we can scarcely imagine.\" Orron looked at the others fiercely. \"We must find a way to prevent this.\" \"It's too late to intercept the Nemesis,\" Parrik pointed out. \"It will reach the planet well before we could.\" \"We have to destroy them all,\" Bazz declared. \"The Horde, the Nemesis if possible. Everything on that planet.\" \"It's been tried,\" Parrik reminded him. \"Those who came before us tried to Harvest it. They died trying. Do you think we could do better?\" \"We aren't trying to Harvest anything now,\" Orron declared. \"We simply need a means of swift destruction.\" A piercing tone came from their instruments, punctuated by a call from the Monitors. \"There's something else you should see.\" New information appeared on the displays. \"A nest? Fortified, by the looks of it. Out here, so far from their native planet?\" Bazz clenched a fist. \"The Horde is spreading beyond their own world. Nemesis or not, they could be after us soon.\" He looked at Orron. \"This has become even more dangerous, but you're right. We need to destroy them now, whatever the risk.\" \"You would go in there directly, start an immediate conflict? You're talking about an ejection strike.\" Parrik looked worriedly at the other two. \"You think we don't know that? What choice do we have?\" Orron pointed out. \"This isn't just us. Our entire species could be at risk.\" \"I know.\" Parrik sighed unhappily. \"I don't like going in blind. Their abilities have grown since we heard of them, and we need to know how much.\" \"Unfortunately, anyone we send to scout in advance is just as likely to become a first casualty- and alert them, if they haven't been already,\" Bazz pointed out. \"I'm aware of that.\" \"There might be survivors already there,\" Orron pointed out suddenly. \"That was part of what we meant to find out. If so, they could tell us something.\" \"Even if there are, by the time we're in range to talk to them, it's too late to make a difference,\" Bazz objected. \"The Dreamer can reach them now.\" Bazz blinked in surprise. \"You mean to ask her to get involved?\" \"He's right. At the stakes we're dealing with, it's warranted,\" Parrik put in. \"We can't risk limits to our communication now. All the help she can give, we'll need it.\" Bazz nodded slowly. He knew what she meant. \"So be it.\" \"More than that,\" Orron said. \"As long as she's involved, let us ask her to activate the Drill. The fastest way to destroy that planet entirely would be to core it.\" \"You want to risk descending there?\" Parrik asked. \"It's below our threshold.\" \"I know. But this isn't a Harvest, and it doesn't matter what we do to the surface. We want this place destroyed. This will get it done.\" After a moment, the other two nodded in agreement. \"So be it,\" Bazz murmured. \"Meanwhile, we need that nest we just found destroyed as well, before they attack us or call back to their planet- if they haven't already.\" Word spread quickly. If the Thoughtsea had been marked with nervousness before, it now vibrated with fear. Their entire civilization was going into a confrontation it may or may not survive, and the future of their very species might depend on the result. However, not everybody was afraid. Cuura had been practically humming with excitement since they heard. \"You're enjoying this, aren't you?\" Tahaim asked him resignedly. \"Shouldn't I? Cuuma and I are the best Striker pilots alive. Now, we finally have a challenge worthy of us.\" \"I remember you said the same before the Harvest. Back then, it was fair enough. Now, I don't know. This is serious, not an opportunity for grandstanding.\" Cuura was concerned for her worrying, if not for the job ahead. He gently took her into his arms. \"We wouldn't lose sight of the importance of our goal. You know that. It will be fine. The Horde is dangerous, but no enemy is invincible. We will destroy them.\" Tahaim nodded slowly. \"Just don't die in the process.\" \"Come on. You think I'd let that happen, when I know you're here waiting for me to come back?\" Cuura asked lightly. \"Besides, an achievement is no fun if you're not around to brag about it.\" \"On the other hand, the risk is half the excitement.\" Cuuma had arrived in the doorway. \"Come on, Cuura. They have a stray nest for us to burn.\" \"Advance, not stray,\" Cuura corrected him. \"I'm coming. And we will be fine,\" he promised Tahaim, before eagerly joining Cuuma to run down the passage toward the Striker docks. \"Let's see what this Horde is actually capable of.\" They joined the other pilots at the dock. A decent-sized group was assembled, but it wasn't just Strikers poised to take off. \"They've brought out the Mowers,\" Cuuma observed in awe. \"I've never even seen one for myself before.\" \"Neither has anyone else we know,\" Cuura agreed. \"They really are serious about this.\" Those were war machines, made and stored in case the Nemesis returned. They had no other purpose. They looked at other gleefully. \"Do you suppose they'll let us pilot one of those at some point?\" Bazz slowly and respectfully entered the Dreamer's Pavilion. Mounted at the very top of Homeship, it was her private abode, where she could indulge in communion with her own order over distances beyond common imagination, without distractions. Bazz almost expected the space to be darkened, or molded in strange shapes, or something equally esoteric. In fact, it was a normal-looking living space, except for the size. Dreamers were giants, and the Pavilion was scaled to match. It also, Bazz noticed, came with a private console at least on the level as those normally reserved for council use. He didn't know if it would be difficult to get her attention. As it turned out, there was no need. He had barely entered the chamber when he heard her welcome. Her voice was powerful, but peaceful. She opened her eyes to regard him calmly as he approached. Bazz bowed his head respectfully. \"Spiass, the Dreamer. I apologize for disturbing you, but the situation is desperate.\" \"Yes, I know,\" she answered evenly. \"You sound surprised. Do you not think we listen to all that passes right below us? What other news would our order pass between us, than the affairs of our own people?\" She was faintly amused. Bazz nodded. \"I see. You know, then, what we would ask of you.\" \"Yes. To call to those trapped on the Horde's planet, so as to learn what they can tell us, and to act as Heart for all to stay in contact, so that you need not worry about the limits of range, nor need to rely on a stream or relays to communicate beyond it.\" She nodded. \"I will do this. I am well aware of how dangerous the situation is.\" Her eyes narrowed in grief. \"I heard Nuconne, when his people died… when he died. I wouldn't see that happen here.\" \"There is one other thing.\" \"The Drill. Agreed. We will core the planet immediately upon arrival, and hope that it's enough to end this threat.\" They both looked up as they heard an announcement. \"The nest was successfully destroyed,\" Bazz noted. \"Good. The Void grant that our efforts continue to be so successful.\" A voice called through the silence. Payash stirred uneasily. He had hidden within his self-imposed mental shell for a very long time. Now, someone was trying to break through and communicate. One of the other prisoners? Or, had someone else actually come? Cautiously, Payash emerged from his defenses and answered. The voice was no one he knew, but it was definitely Arretchi. A lone, strong voice, coming from somewhere beyond this wretched prison. \"Who are you? Where are you?\" he asked. \"We are approaching the planet. We know there is great danger. We need to know, before we get too close, what we face. What happened there? What happened to you?\" Payash felt others stirring around him. Trapped here, with no hope of escape, they had all followed his suggestion and retreated into their own minds, waiting in a listening sleep, the better to bear the passage of time. Now, in response to this unexpected contact, they were waking up. \"Wait.\" If he had understood that right… \"If you're still so far out, how can we hear you?\" His eyes widened in awe as he realized the only possible answer. \"You're a Dreamer?\" \"Yes. My name is Spiass.\" There were echoes of amazement and awe around the prison. Payash forced himself to focus on the practicalities of the conversation. \"Nuconne called to you?\" \"He did. Some of your people sent a broadcast message as well.\" \"And you came right here. Have you come for us, or to target the vermin? They're more dangerous than we understand.\" \"We know the danger. We came to appraise, but it's gotten worse. The Nemesis is coming, seeking to ally with them.\" Payash jerked in horror at the thought. \"No…\" There were other murmurings of horror around him. \"We can't let that happen! You must have a way to stop it!\" One voice of defiance. That was Burree. She never had been one to give up. \"We intend to,\" Spiass promised them. \"We know the threat of the Nemesis. We need what details you can supply on the threat of the vermin Horde.\" \"What did Nuconne tell you?\" Payash asked. He listened to her response, and nodded. Spiass knew most of what they had, at the time. As for what they'd learned since… \"They've helped themselves to everything of ours that they didn't destroy. I don't know exactly how much they found. Homeship, and all the Harbingers, as far as I know, were lost. The remaining Strikers were left helpless when we lost Homeship's power. Those of us who survived were all pilots. They killed some of us, but the rest were rounded up and kept here. I don't know why they bothered. Curiosity? Trophies?\" He shook his head. \"They took weapons, I know that.\" \"The basic workings of flight, an approximation of our systems, and every conventional weapon we have,\" Spiass agreed. \"Most of it hybridized with their own technology, now. We learned that much from the nest they put out here. We destroyed it, but it was watching for attacks. Do they have more of those?\" \"I don't know. I didn't know about that one. I don't know if there's anything else I can tell you. There's one thing, though, that you should know. When we first studied them, all evidence said that they were fractious, that they fought among themselves. In all the time we've been here, there's been no evidence of it. Even hiding within ourselves as we were, we should have noticed if large-scale violence were going on. It hasn't. Unless their very nature has suddenly changed so radically, we can only assume that they were never as unaware of us as we thought, that they deceived us from the beginning. And that's a terrifying thought.\" \"Yes, it is,\" Spiass agreed grimly. \"What about now? Do you know if they know we're here? Can you hear anything from them?\" \"We can't understand them,\" Payash told her. \"They give off basic impressions, of course. I can hear those now, all around us, wondering that we're awake. That's all, though. We certainly can't communicate. If you try hard enough, it hurts them. We tried to use that to our advantage, at first. The problem is, it leaves them sensitive to us, so they can hear us . Whether they can understand anything they hear, we have no way of knowing. We still can't get anything from them. We stopped trying it long ago. It isn't worth the risk.\" \"It would be if we could actually kill them that way,\" Burree muttered. \"We can't,\" Payash pointed out. \"We can do damage, but not enough.\" \"Maybe a Dreamer could do better,\" Burree suggested. \"That isn't the plan,\" Spiass told them. \"We seek to destroy this planet utterly, not engage in ongoing conflict. When we arrive, we will core it, immediately.\" She paused. \"We don't dare delay for a rescue attempt, even if thought we could reach you. Perhaps there will be an opportunity in the aftermath, but that's no guarantee. I'm sorry that I can't promise your lives.\" There was a moment of hesitation, but when Payash answered, he knew he spoke for all of them. \"If you can't free us, then avenge us.\" Parrik found Greel in his main room, assembling another gem-sculpture. The gems were all dark-hued, and he was affixing them together into a spiral. \"That looks gloomy,\" Parrik commented. Greel nodded. \"Under the circumstances, it felt fitting. Everyone's on edge.\" \"Yes, and rightfully so. We're going into great danger.\" Greel looked up from his work. \"I've heard the term 'ejection strike' tossed around. I'm not familiar with it.\" Parrik sighed. \"Imagine if the Core were damaged, and about to breach. You know what would happen?\" Greel shuddered slightly at the thought. \"Yes. It would destroy all of Homeship in a flareburst. That's what happened to them at the end, isn't it?\" \"Yes, and probably too quickly to react. If there was time to do something, though, it's possible to eject the Core from the ship. It requires multiple simultaneous authorizations to do it, and the Core would be thrown to a distance great enough that its destruction wouldn't harm us- hopefully.\" \"All right. And then what?\" \"Then what indeed. We obviously don't have a backup. Without the Core's power, many of our systems would be crippled. Homeship itself would be reduced to coasting through space on momentum alone, unable to change speed or direction. Hard to target a planet that way, so little chance of acquiring the resources to make a new Core. Without some incredible feat of ingenuity or luck, we probably wouldn't survive. But,\" she added, \"we would resort to that, if it were certain beyond doubt that if we didn't, everyone would be vaporized in the next mini-cycle.\" \"I suppose that makes sense.\" \"It's the same sort of choice we're facing now,\" she told him. \"Taking on the Horde directly, even if we hit as hard and fast as possible, is incredibly dangerous. The Nemesis will have had time to make contact, which may make it worse. However, if we don't try, they'll unite into a far worse threat, one that could destroy us all. We can't let that happen.\" \"So we try anyway, even though it's dangerous.\" \"We attack, despite the risk that we could lose, because we're desperate,\" Parrik stated flatly. \"That is an ejection strike.\" She closed her eyes. \"And if we do fail, may the Void shelter all our kind from what comes next.\"[Chapter 3] Ejection Strike Part Two Nearly a master-cycle later Many of the Arretchi gathered at the viewscreens in fearful fascination as they reached the planet. Cuura and Cuuma were just fascinated. \"So, that's the Hordeworld. How many of them do you think are waiting down there?\" Cuuma asked eagerly. \"A Horde's worth?\" Cuura suggested. They both snickered. \"They found at least one more advance nest, and we don't know yet what's actually down there. High likelihood of more action. This should be interesting.\" \"A fight to defend the Drill, perhaps,\" Cuuma mused. \"Or maybe they'll even let us go pick off their authority nexuses in advance, to reduce the risk of interference.\" \"They won't. There's no way they'll take a risk like that. We'll be waiting for the Horde to make the first move in an actual fight.\" \"Well, then we'll just have to hope that the Horde doesn't disappoint us.\" Cuuma sighed happily. \"We haven't had this much fun since just before the Harvest. Remember that?\" \"As well as you do, and you know it.\" Cuura's eyes glinted with the reflection of the light from the viewscreen. \"We defeated those vermin. Should we do less against these?\" They looked at each other, then back at the planet ahead. \"Our world lived to see us fly,\" Cuuma murmured. \"Your world is about to die,\" Cuura finished. Orron, Bazz, and Parrik looked over the viewscreens and the readouts of information. Their trajectory would send them scraping right past this planet's moon, and they had to deal with what they found there. Although they had the room to themselves, this was no private meeting. The time for action had come, and they were in communication with everyone they needed to be. \"The nest on their own moon is an outpost, a war-nest, just like the first one we found. The energy spike we picked up from it before means they have their own thermetic cascade there. That probably won't be their only one, either.\" Orron looked grimly at the images. \"The cascade doesn't matter at this point,\" Bazz pointed out. \"They can't hurt Homeship with that. I say we burn this nest quickly, and get down to the planet itself as swiftly as possible.\" The others agreed. Broken pieces of the Homeship that had come before visibly drifted in front of them, a grim marker of the deaths that had occurred here in the past. Pieces hit against their energy shielding, producing flares of light like an echo of explosions long died away. \"Look,\" Parrik pointed to the screen as more of the planet's moon came into view. The wreckage of a ship lay some distance from the nest, with several vermin crawling over it. \"Is that the Nemesis' ship?\" A confirmation came from a Monitoring Station. \"It is. It appears to have been destroyed by the cascade.\" \"And the Nemesis itself?\" Bazz asked. \"We can't tell. If it's there, it's hidden in the wreckage.\" Bazz grunted in frustration. The Nemesis could fall silent so completely that it was impossible to detect by any means. It could be right under them, on the far side of the planet, or dead, for all they knew. \"Did the Horde turn on it, then?\" Orron wondered. \"They appear to have done. That doesn't tell us if it's alive or dead, though.\" \"Or,\" Parrik pointed out, \"it could be a trick, to make us think they're at odds.\" \"It could. Deal with the nest,\" Bazz ordered. \"Maybe someone can go down and search once that's gone.\" \"No, look,\" one of the Monitors pointed out. \"A Horde craft, fleeing with the most intact piece of the wreckage.\" That being the only piece worth inspecting. \"Track it if you can.\" \"The Horde nest is training their cascade's carrier beam on us,\" they reported. A moment later, it fired a Pulse. \"They have our weapons, but they don't know what do with them,\" Parrik commented. \"If they have our weapons in general, then they're capable of piercing-level attacks,\" Bazz pointed out. \"We're lucky that they're foolish enough to waste their early efforts on a weapon that can't affect the energy shielding.\" \"Perhaps because they don't understand energy-shielding,\" Orron suggested. \"There's no evidence they have that. And that being the case, use our own cascade, and burn that nest!\" It was quickly done. \"All of their remaining craft in the vicinity are scattering,\" came the report. \"They're clearly all falling back to the planet itself.\" \"Let them. The planet will be dead soon enough.\" \"They were about to try the cascade for a second time. They didn't seem to be learning,\" Parrik mused. \"Clearly not,\" Bazz agreed, as a series of new energy signals appeared on their screens. A band of relay drones circled the planet, all energizing to train carrier beams of their own. \"Useless, but no sense taking chances. Destroy them all.\" \"The others made use of those things for their own communication purposes, back then,\" Orron commented. \"I wonder if the Horde didn't find some way to sabotage them through it,\" Bazz muttered. \"Just as well that we don't need to.\" Although she'd mostly been silent so far, they could all feel Spiass, ensuring that they all remained linked whether they stayed in range or not. \"We're entering the planet's atmosphere. Reengage main propulsion to steer?\" \"Wait.\" Orron studied the viewscreens of the planet's surface. \"We're coming in mostly over a large portion of water. That means minimal concern for terrain, and the solid surface underneath is as low as it's likely to get. We won't find a better place to core from. There's no need to steer anywhere. Reengage and brake. Descend so that we're straddling that water.\" Although he didn't announce it, the others heard the rest of his reasoning: \"It's nowhere near the prison where the other Arretchi are being held, so we aren't directly endangering them yet.\" \"You are hoping to rescue them in the aftermath of this?\" Bazz asked. \"I want to keep the option open, for now.\" Thanks to Spiass, those others could hear them too. They felt their gratitude for the thought. With or without the hope of rescue, though, they were all looking forward to the prospect of finally seeing the Horde fall. As Homeship settled down, completing its Descent, Payash and the others openly cried out in jubilation. \"Not quite the Landing Day we never got to celebrate, but it will do,\" Payash declared. \"Let them try to stop our people now!\" Burree snarled fiercely. She beat her fists rhythmically against the wall of her cell. Suddenly, the cell moved, almost knocking her off her feet. Quickly regaining her balance, she looked around sharply. The cell was being relocated, and the vermin responsible clearly had some grim objective in mind. \"Burree!\" Payash called out in concern. \"It's all right,\" she answered. \"If they want to mess with me, let them come! I welcome the chance to take some payback of my own.\" She waited tensely for whatever was about to happen. She didn't have to wait long. The cell settled into a new location, and moments later, one end opened, providing a passage into another room. It was also enclosed, no further way out, but there was a single vermin waiting in there. Burree could clearly sense it, and see it far more vaguely. They liked their light so horribly piercing, probably because their air was too dry to soften it properly. At least the cells themselves had contained a normal atmosphere. There was a large hiss of fog as the air mixed between the two rooms. Burree waited for it to even out, while she flexed her bio-tentacles and considered exactly how to kill the vermin in front of her. It was handy that they'd been so foolish, or so arrogant, that they'd never tried to strip her and the others of their armor. As Burree advanced forward, though, she realized that the creature in front of her wasn't looking for a fight. It stood still, waiting, afraid but resigned. It was… offering itself? Not just to die, though. It seemed to think it could accomplish something this way. There was an audience of others outside the room, watching through a transparent wall. They were unhappy - afraid? - at the situation. One of theirs coming in here to its own death might well make them unhappy, but that didn't explain what this one's purpose was. Killing it would certainly make her happy, but… No, its death wouldn't help its kind, but, she suddenly realized, communication might. It was known that bio-tentacles could interface with foreign nervous systems to a degree, and there was a belief, no one was quite sure from where, that a hi-jacked vermin body could be used as a translator that way. Was that what they were after? It seemed to be the most likely answer. Should she bother to oblige them? She certainly wasn't going to share any hard information with them, and she was most definitely going to kill this sacrifice they'd offered anyway, in the end. On the other hand, why not take the opportunity to taunt them a bit first? The air had normalized throughout the room by now, and she could see the vermin in front of her just fine. It hadn't moved. Burree whipped a tentacle forward and wrapped it around the creature's neck. Yes, it could interface with the thing's nervous system, all right. There was some resistance, but the creature didn't seem to be consciously fighting it. It felt more like a built-up tolerance. Had this one been used like this before? \"Burree, don't,\" she heard Payash warning her. \"You can't accomplish anything worthwhile from mentally attacking them.\" \"It doesn't matter,\" she told him. \"Any damage to this one has already been done.\" She turned her attention to the vermin on the other side of the wall as she realized that one of them was trying to communicate. The one she held made for an imperfect go-between at best, but it did somewhat allow her to make sense of the sounds they used, if vaguely. The creature making them seemed to be trying to verify that communication was established. Burree wasn't interested in a question-and-answer session. The only value she found in this exercise was to try and scare them. \"The great Spiass has come! She'll be on you soon!\" While the creature she held did make sounds in response, presumably in line with what Burree had said, she had a feeling that only a very basic gist of her message was actually getting through. She couldn't tell what the vermin out there actually heard or understood. The same one \"spoke\" again, requesting her to clarify who she was talking about, it seemed. \"She's acting Heart now, uniting us.\" The inbuilt resistance of the one she held was increasing, its mind instinctively fighting back. If anything, that would make it harder to get any real information through. The vermin outside were confused, she could tell. They probably hadn't understood that at all. This was stupid, she decided. Trying to send garbled messages to creatures that couldn't figure them out was a waste of her time. They were trying to demand other types of information now, and one of them was brandishing a picture prominently displaying a glyph reading 'Nemesis', but Burree had had enough of this game. Even as the vermin in her tentacle's grip started moving, as if trying to escape her grasp, she tightened her physical hold on its neck, intending to strangle it. Apparently, the vermin outside had lost interest at the same time. Several of them were leveling Handlances in her direction. As if she was going to make it that easy. Burree tensed, waiting, then leapt up just as they opened fire, clinging to some portion of the ceiling's structure and allowing the shots to pass underneath. The extra strength of armor could come in handy. One tentacle was still snagged on that one vermin's neck, and she could feel its dead weight down near the floor, but it didn't matter. That creature was no longer moving, and she had plenty of other tentacles to use. Snapping one forward, she snatched the Handlance from one of her attackers, delivering it to her own hands as she dropped back to the floor. It was an Arretchi weapon, stolen by these creatures. About time it was back where it belonged. Striding through the hole their shots had made in their transparent wall, Burree opened fire wildly. The vermin were scrambling and running for it, and it was good to see. At this moment, she didn't even care that she hadn't hit one yet, although that would follow soon enough. She started to aim more carefully. Some of the creatures had dropped low to the floor, and now one of them slid toward her along it, shooting right under her braced legs. Before Burree had a chance to consider this odd action, pain erupted from her back. She gasped, dropping to her knees. That wretched vermin! She hadn't realized they could move so quickly. She didn't know how seriously injured she was, but it felt bad. The creature had targeted the middle of her back, right where the bio-tentacles attached, and damaging that key connection seemed to have all but crippled her armor. Taking a deep breath, Burree triggered the emergency release, detaching the armor. Exposing her own flesh didn't matter at this point. She wasn't going to survive this, but she refused to die trapped inside a nearly paralyzed shell. She could hear Payash calling out to her, hear his and the other prisoners' horror at her impending death, and she heard the people on the newly arrived Homeship as well. Gathering what strength she could, Burree looked up and called out defiantly, \"Make sure they all die!\" There was a flash of movement from above her, then nothing. There was a moment of hushed silence throughout Homeship as they felt Burree's death. They all knew what had happened on this planet in the past, and what risk they now took, but actually witnessing the demise of one of their own kind to the Horde made it all the more horribly real. Into that silence, Payash spoke to them. \"You heard her. Allow us to witness these creatures' destruction, for ourselves and for Burree!\" After a moment, Parrik nodded. \"Burree was a brave warrior, but she was also one fighting alone against many. She faced a situation she couldn't have won. Here on our Home, we are together. We are strong. We will defeat this threat.\" Victory wasn't theirs yet, and a small undercurrent of doubt snaked beneath her words, but for the moment, it was outshone by determination. She felt the sentiments of the rest of the Arretchi join to hers. \"Then let us proceed,\" said Orron. \"We're firmly positioned. The Drill-laser is ready.\" He looked upward, in the direction of the Pavilion overhead. \"Dreamer?\" \"Then let the life of this planet become Homeship's life,\" Spiass intoned. A surge of energy ran through the central components of the system, and the drill began humming with energy as it fired downward, seeking the heart of this world. \"Spoken as if it were a true Harvest,\" Orron idly noted. \"We consumed considerable resources to reach this planet so quickly,\" Parrik reminded him. \"The planet's core, at least, is being harvested, if we expect to recover from that.\" \"Yes, you're right.\" Bazz was studying the readouts on the system. There had been several minor power fluctuations from that surge, although they had all smoothed out now. But then, that energy hadn't come from any touch of a button or a screen. A Dreamer's ability to influence technology by thought alone was possibly more awe-inspiring than the sheer reach of their communication range, perhaps because it was easier to forget about on a daily basis. While Spiass was always up there, sharing her Dreams with the others of her order, there were no other circumstances in which she would directly affect the system. The system didn't really take well to it. \"Two or three sub-cycles, and the planet's core will be ours,\" Bazz confirmed. \"That will take care of the Horde. If we could only find and destroy the Nemesis as well, our victory would truly be complete.\" Unfortunately, they had no leads on that. The Horde craft that had fled from the crash site had vanished amidst the destruction of their Descent to this undersized planet's surface. Even if it hadn't, there was no telling whether the Nemesis had actually been in there or not. \"We don't even know if the Nemesis is still alive,\" Orron reminded him. \"At this rate, we may never know what happened to it.\" \"It's too great a threat to our kind to give up looking,\" Bazz stated. \"Unfortunately, we can do nothing for now. Our best hope is probably to watch for it after the planet is cored. If it's alive, it will surely flee at that point. Maybe, if we're fast enough, we can intercept it.\" Just then, a new report came in. \"We're detecting a signal from the Horde's prison. They're scanning Homeship, apparently for biosignatures.\" \"They're planning to attack us. They must be,\" Bazz said grimly. \"Then we'd best prepare quickly,\" Parrik answered. \"Do we have a clear idea of what to expect?\" \"We expect them to be powerful and deadly,\" muttered Orron. \"That's not enough to go on.\" \"According to Nuconne's testimony,\" Spiass told them, \"their craft were about as nimble as Strikers, and they attacked with large projectiles that explode when they hit a target. These failed against energy shielding, and the Horde was harmless- until they found a way to attack our systems from the inside out.\" \"So what happens if they do that again?\" Parrik asked worriedly. \"How do we defend against an attack we don't understand?\" \"They're using our technology now, merged with their own,\" Orron reminded her. \"Maybe they can't do it again without crippling themselves.\" \"We'd better hope so,\" Bazz said grimly. \"They have piercing-level shots now, thanks to that technology, so their attacks won't be harmless this time in any case.\" \"We don't dare hope they're slow to learn again,\" Orron acknowledged. \"If they were slow to learn the first time, and not just lulling our people into a false sense of security,\" Parrik pointed out. \"They may have been,\" said Spiass. \"It was a costly move in their own lives, if so.\" \"They may not care.\" \"Either way, the attack coming at us now is very real,\" Spiass pointed out. It was launching from the prison as well, and Payash and the others could feel the Horde's resolve. \"That isn't just a prison, it's a war-nest and possible authority-nexus as well,\" Bazz noted. \"Unless,\" he added, \"the authority nexus is someplace else. Can we track their communications and try to find out?\" \"We're on it.\" \"Meanwhile, what about the large force of craft heading our way? Send out the Strikers and hope for the best?\" Orron asked. \"I have an idea.\" That came from one of their tech Inspectors, Jengre. \"The right kind of energy wave can disrupt the systems' power. It's not something that normally happens, but maybe we could use that in this case. If their craft have really merged our technology with their own, it should have a recognizable but unique energy signature, right?\" \"And if we can isolate and target it, we can knock them out of the sky with one blow,\" Orron said. \"I like it. Can we actually do that?\" \"I'm pretty sure I can.\" That was Mitarrid, in the Monitoring Station. \"It will take a bit of work, but at the rate those craft are approaching, I should easily be done in time.\" After a moment, she added, \"As long as we're coming up with clever new applications of the systems, I might be able to provide extra shielding on demand, at locations of our choosing, if it's needed. I've had a theory about a way to do that since the upgrades from the last Harvest.\" \"That might be a good idea, especially if you can make it as versatile as possible. There's no telling exactly what we're dealing with until it happens,\" Parrik noted. Mitarrid got to work in earnest. However, she could spare a fraction of her attention to ask, \"So, Jengre, did you know when you suggested this that I could pull it off?\" \"No, not for sure, but it doesn't surprise me that you can.\" Some mini-cycles later, Mitarrid announced, \"Done. I can give you a wave that should cripple those Horde craft, but it's very short range. You'll have to let them get uncomfortably close.\" \"This looks a bit hit-or-miss,\" Bazz noted, looking over the specs. \"If they spread too far, we won't get them all, and I have a feeling we'll only get one shot.\" \"It looks like it would have a stronger effect without energy from the shielding getting in the way,\" Parrik mused. \"And if we can lure them close, we have a better chance of hitting them all.\" \"You want to lower the energy shielding and let them in?!\" Orron stared at her. \"That's…\" \"A dangerous move,\" Parrik finished. \"I'm well aware. Everything about this conflict is dangerous. But this has a high chance of success, if done right. Strategically lower part of the shielding, lure them in where we choose, have that wave ready for them. That will make sure we get them all. The Strikers will be on hand to deal with any unexpected loose ends.\" Orron nodded slowly. \"It sounds like it should work.\" \"Offering them just one opening on all of Homeship is too obvious,\" Bazz objected. \"We'll need to anticipate where they're already going, and lay our trap there. Otherwise, they could realize they're being herded. Remember, if we're right about their own penchant for deception, then they must be capable of understanding when it's used against them. For that matter, we'd best put up at least some resistance beforehand.\" \"Fair enough. Where, then, do we expect them to target?\" Parrik asked. Bazz considered. \"Their scan was searching for biosignatures, right? They were looking for us, not our systems. They'll go where the highest population is…\" \"Or the most important-looking person,\" Orron cut in, looking up meaningfully. \"Spiass is many times anyone else's size. That had to get their attention.\" \"I'm sure it did,\" Spiass agreed. \"Furthermore, Burree told them of me. While they likely understood little, they well may have taken note of what little they heard.\" \"So that's likely to be it. There's no direct access into the Pavilion from outside,\" Bazz noted. \"The nearest Gate below, then, I think.\" \"That's right over the farms,\" Parrik pointed out. \"We can't help that. And we're out of time to speculate. They're nearly here.\" The Striker pilots were ready to go. \"Finally! Our first real battle against the Horde, on their own world.\" Cuuma was predictably excited. Cuura, on the other hand, was slightly distracted. They were letting the Horde in right over the farms… Concerned, he called out to Tahaim. Even as he made contact, though, he heard through her that Niamo, head of the farms, was ordering all Farmers evacuated until this was over. \"It's all right,\" Tahaim assured him. \"I'll be safe enough. Our biggest worry is how much of a mess there'll be to fix afterward. Stay safe yourself.\" That last almost as an automatic afterthought. Cuuma was looking at him in amusement. \"Whenever you can spare the attention.\" \"I did hear you. Yes, first battle down here, and almost surely last. They'll be done coring the planet before there's time for anything else.\" \"Then we'd best make this count.\" They and the other pilots climbed into their Strikers as word went out that the Horde craft were in visual range. \"Leave the shielding off until further notice,\" Bazz ordered. Mini-cycles earlier, Horde drones had appeared just long enough to open fire on the upper part of Homeship with piercing-level shots, breaking through the shielding. While it was only a small portion of it, and could be compensated for easily enough, they weren't doing so yet. The Horde craft were right outside now, heading not for the Gate but for the outside of the Pavilion. \"Are they trying to attack from out there?\" Parrik asked. \"Engage top defensive blasters, force them away,\" Bazz ordered. He watched on the screens as the fleet of Horde craft mostly evaded them, angling downward. \"Good, but not enough. Strikers, engage, and keep them away from the Pavilion itself.\" Flying side by side, Cuuma and Cuura led the rest of the small fleet out to take on the Horde. \"Do what damage you can, and watch for anything we can learn about their current abilities and tactics. Ultimately, though, expect to let them through. And be careful. Remember that they can shoot you down!\" While Bazz's warning was acknowledged, the two didn't let it muffle their spirits. \"They weren't kidding about letting them get close,\" Cuura commented. \"They're practically in our faces already.\" \"Well, then, let's clear the air,\" Cuuma answered. They both threw themselves into the battle with a will. It had been a long time since they'd engaged in actual combat, back when they'd helped clear the way for the last Landing Day and Harvest. Back then, the local vermin had been outmatched, and they'd won fairly handily. Now, it was different. The Horde seemed to be their equal in battle, and as they'd been warned, their craft had piercing-level shots, so the energy shielding on the Strikers was no defense. They could hear several of their companions perish as the battle went on. \"Look. They have two different types of craft, and they're giving priority to the defense of one type,\" Cuura pointed out. \"I think the other type are just here to defend them. It's those main ones we'll want to watch out for.\" \"Maybe eventually. They aren't acting yet. Their defenders are doing all the fighting,\" Cuuma answered. \"They're saving themselves for a bigger target, I'd say.\" \"Well, let's see how many of them we can make sure never reach it.\" \"While the defenders do their best to stop us. Sounds like a great idea.\" Within a mini-cycle or two, they'd destroyed several of the primary Horde craft. By that point, though, the craft that remained were making a definite break for the Gate. \"Don't follow them inside,\" Parrik cautioned. \"The wave is designed to only effect them, but there's no sense taking chances. For the moment, you've done your job.\" \"Oh, and we were having so much fun,\" Cuura commented quietly to Cuuma. \"Well, as they say, the best times are known to vanish without warning.\" \"Yes, somewhat like their craft's power is about to.\" Inside, everyone watched the Horde fly over the farms. \"They're angling upward, still looking for access to the Pavilion.\" \"Well, they won't have a chance. That's far enough. Release the wave.\" It was done, and the Horde craft all began falling. \"It worked! Nicely done.\" Bazz was still cautious. \"They can't fly, but they aren't totally inoperative. They're still exchanging communications with someone. Also, I don't like those energy signatures we're getting from the primary craft. They may still have a nasty trick or two left. Send out Scanstars to find out exactly what they're carrying.\" The small drones were deployed, and a report soon came back. \"The Scanstars found multiple explosive devices per primary craft, capable of producing a flareblast. If we read this right, they're still capable of receiving a signal to detonate.\" \"They might be able to send one remotely. Can that summoned-shield block that kind of power?\" \"Of course,\" Mitarrid assured him, \"and it's versatile enough to enclose them completely.\" \"Do it.\" She did, and it was a good thing. A moment later, every one of those weapons detonated. Luckily, they were all contained. Orron, Bazz, and Parrik watched the Horde defender craft fall into the farm fields below, as they listened to the cheers of triumph and sighs of relief from their people. \"Close the shields again,\" Parrik ordered. \"Many of those Hordelings are still alive down there,\" she cautioned the other two. \"I noticed. Inspectors, go in there and clean them out. Be careful,\" Orron ordered. While Inspectors primarily watched for tech malfunctions, they were really troubleshooters in general, and were the best choice to dispose of vermin intruders. At least, he hoped they were. The Horde were no common vermin, and they would surely have a fight on their hands. \"The signals we tracked relayed through the prison to another location,\" Bazz observed. \"We were right: their true authority nexus is elsewhere. They are seeking to deceive us with decoys.\" \"It's a very small nest,\" Orron observed. \"I don't care,\" Bazz answered. \"I'm not taking chances with it. Send four Mowers, each fully crewed, and destroy everything alive in that nest.\" Orron considered for a moment. \"Are either that nest or the prison communicating with anyplace else?\" \"No, at least not at this time.\" \"Then there's probably nothing more to learn from their communications. The relay drones they were using are mostly in line with us, right?\" \"Yes.\" \"Good. Unleash a shockwave from here and destroy the lot of them.\" \"Is that really necessary?\" Parrik asked. \"It can't hurt. If we can do damage to the Horde, we should. Besides, if those things are capable of any nasty surprises, I don't want to find out the hard way.\" The report they received was a good one. The authority nexus, and every Hordeling in it, had been annihilated. More troublesome was the situation here on Homeship. Although a number of the Hordelings from the battle had been found and disposed of, their people had taken casualties doing it, and they were unable to confirm that all of the creatures had been found. If there were any left, they were too few to easily pick up on, and hiding themselves well. \"I don't like that,\" Bazz said grimly. \"If some do remain, they could do unpredictable damage to us.\" \"Unfortunately, there's no way to tell at this time,\" Orron muttered. He changed the subject. \"The authority nexus is gone, but what about the prison itself? It's still a war-nest. Do you think any more attacks will come from there?\" \"It seems less likely, with that nexus gone, but only time will tell. I don't think we dare attack it, though. If it can hold our people, our warriors, then it can surely repel us as well, and it seems to be the greatest stronghold they've got. It's also the only structure of theirs that seems to have energy shielding. No,\" Bazz shook his head. \"We'll watch and wait. It won't be long. We only have a sub-cycle and a half left until we breach the core of this world.\"[Chapter 4] Ejection Strike Part Three The signal was unexpected, but it had everyone's attention the moment they picked it up. The Nemesis had revealed itself. And it was at the prison war-nest. \"We can't ignore this,\" Bazz insisted. \"With or without the Horde, the Nemesis is a great threat to us. If we have a chance to finally hunt it down, we have to do it.\" \"But that place is too dangerous to take on in direct combat,\" Orron objected. \"And we can't resort to the thermetic cascade, because the place has energy shielding of its own. There's no good way to go about this.\" \"There probably isn't,\" Bazz agreed, \"but we have to try.\" He looked at them seriously. \"One last ejection strike.\" \"Are we sending most of our fleet?\" Parrik asked resignedly. \"I will go myself,\" Spiass suddenly said from above them. All three of them, and indeed, most of their people, stared upward in shock. \"What?!\" \"It isn't enough to simply destroy the Nemesis itself,\" she pointed out. \"It has already begun to build a new force of its own. We need to find and completely burn that nest as well. I can extract the knowledge of its location from the Nemesis itself by force. None of you can do this. Nor can you easily bring it back as a prisoner: it's too large for that. I must do this myself.\" \"We should still send the fleet. You can't do this alone,\" Parrik insisted. \"No, I will not go alone. But this is a mission of great danger, and there is no guarantee of safe return- even if we succeed in our goal. I ask for the help only of those who are prepared to die for this, if necessary. All others, stay here and stay alert. We don't dare leave Homeship unguarded, either.\" \"No, you're right. But,\" Orron said anxiously, \"if something happened to you, the Drill would shut down. There's still over a sub-cycle until we're done here.\" \"I know. If I do perish, it had best not be before that.\" Spiass activated her personal armor, and waited as it folded around her. It was custom-made, of course, intended in case of extreme circumstances they couldn't even imagine. Now, it seemed, those were upon them. \"We would rather that you didn't perish at all,\" Parrik said softly. \"We don't always give it enough credit, but you're a part of us.\" Spiass sighed and closed her eyes. \"You have everyone in Homeship, our entire civilization, to look after, but that is as far as your experience extends. You know that there are others out there, but only academically. I hear the other civilizations. All Dreamers are in contact with each other, always, and all of us listen to those we share our Home with, and share the tales of their lives with each other. My view covers our entire species. That species itself is at risk. This is greater than the Home you know, and certainly greater than my individual life. This is what it means to be a Dreamer.\" She opened her eyes and looked determinedly in the direction of the prison. \"Even if it takes my sacrifice, if it saves our people from the threat of the Nemesis forever, it will be worth it.\" After a moment, she heard the replies of a number of the Striker pilots: \"We'll support you.\" And from the prison itself, from Payash: \"We've longed to see our enemies here destroyed. So much the better if we can have a part in that with our own hands. You asked for those willing to lay down their lives. When you come, free us if you can, and my companions and I gladly offer ours.\" For once in his life, Cuura looked worried. \"You're really determined to be a part of this?\" \"Of course I am. Tangling with one attack and destroying that authority nexus were great fun, but why stop there?\" Cuuma wasn't worried at all, but then, if one had to try to pick the sensible one of the two, they wouldn't pick him. \"I wouldn't argue against fun, but a suicide mission?\" \"Possible suicide mission. We might make it back just fine.\" \"We might find plenty of action right here. It's still considered a possibility that the Horde will attack again. They could be waiting for us to divert most of our forces there.\" \"And that's why you're staying, huh? No,\" he added, as Cuura started to correct him, \"I know that's not why. You're staying because Tahaim would be shattered if you didn't come back. Spiass asked for only those prepared to die on this, and you don't qualify.\" He shrugged. \"It's fine. That's why you have me to fill in.\" \"Last I checked, you didn't want to die either,\" Cuura pointed out. \"No, I don't want to, but if it best serves the survival of our people - or more, our entire species - I'll take that risk. I'm not the one with someone waiting for me here.\" \"You are this time. I'm waiting for you here,\" Cuura reminded him quietly. \"Huh, good point. I guess I'll just have to make sure I make it through alive then, right? I hope they do attack here as well, so you won't feel left out.\" He actually meant that. \"I could probably use the diversion.\" Cuura sighed. \"May the shadow of the world that birthed our people keep you safe on this one.\" Although it wasn't a commonly needed feature, the Pavilion could detach from the rest of Homeship. It could fly - and fight - on its own. Spiass detached it now, and set off for the prison. An impressively large number of Strikers accompanied her. As the distance passed, Spiass busied herself at her console. She had a copy of the program that Mitarrid had come up with, to produce a shield anywhere within range on demand, and she had an idea for adapting it to her own purpose now. She had a feeling she was going to need every advantage she could get. Mitarrid watched the display as it tracked the progress of the Pavilion and its accompanying fleet. \"Do you think they can really pull this off?\" she asked Shillah, the Monitor next to her. \"I want to think so, but I don't know,\" Shillah answered. \"Any kind of complication could come up. The Nemesis' signal has disappeared again. What if it isn't there anymore?\" \"Its signal may have vanished, but there's been no movement in or out of that war-nest since then,\" Mitarrid pointed out. \"It shouldn't have gone anywhere. It's just fallen silent again.\" \"You think they'll actually find it?\" \"I should hope. I'm more worried what it takes to do it. The Horde could well have set a trap or- What the…?\" As at that moment, a Hordeling strode out into view right in the middle of the Lesser Floor, just below where their Station overlooked. \"I knew they'd missed some from the clean-up before,\" Shillah muttered. She and Mitarrid looked at each other. \"They were too well hidden, but that one isn't hiding now. It's trying to get our attention. Do you think it's a challenge, or a diversion?\" \"Diversion. There are at least several more nearby, and they're anxious to accomplish something.\" \"Well, we'd better stop them.\" The rest of Monitors were gathering forward to stare as well. Mitarrid hit a button to blare an alert, even as she called out, \"We've got leftover Hordeling intruders here!\" \"We'll get them,\" she heard Jengre answer, echoed by several other such sentiments. They'd already known that there might be more of them, and Jengre and his comrades were still wearing their armor, just in case. They quickly ran in, armed with Handlances. The one Hordeling that had shown itself ran, but it wasn't the only one they'd spotted. \"They're going for the Strikers!\" \"Stop them… no, too late,\" Mitarrid muttered in disgust, and many of the Hordelings, despite the attempts to shoot them, disappeared inside a handful of standby Strikers. \"Do you think they can figure out how to use them?\" Shillah asked. They had their answer a moment later, as their readouts reported the Strikers' systems powering up. \"They say that those who came to this planet before us had designed all their craft so they couldn't be operated by any vermin, that the system scanned for a legitimate pilot before responding. Right now, I wish we had that tech.\" \"It wouldn't matter, would it? They also say that the Horde bypassed it somehow, and that's how they got at their Homeship.\" \"I know, but I strongly suspect that it took them some time and tinkering to do it. I'm sure they couldn't have just grabbed and used any Striker they came across.\" By now, a number of their own pilots were flying in their direction to deal with this. \"Back off,\" Cuura called to Jengre and the others. \"This is a matter for the air now.\" \"None of them are in the air yet,\" one of the Inspectors objected. He cut off with a cry as one of those hijacked Strikers opened fire, gunning him down. At almost the same time, it shot forward at floor level, slamming into several of the others and sending them flying. Jengre, who was one of those hit, shook his head as he started to get up. It hadn't really hurt, thanks to the armor, but he was inclined to think that Cuura was right: it was time to let the other pilots handle this. On the other hand, at least one Hordeling was still on foot, and right in front of him. He suspected it was the same one that Mitarrid had first seen. Jengre tensed to attack. Rather than run, the Hordeling lunged at him and tried to punch him in the face. Jengre faintly heard the blow thud off his armor. The futility of the action must have occurred to the Hordeling, because it certainly turned and ran now. Jengre went after it. He'd dropped his Handlance when the Striker slammed into him, but he quickly scooped it up again, and leveled it for a shot. Suddenly, one of the hijacked Strikers glided up right in front of them. Jengre tried to turn and leap out of the way, but it was too late. The Striker opened fire. There was no chance to escape. Mitarrid flinched as she watched - and felt - Jengre's death. They hadn't been that close, but she'd known him for a long time. Dazedly, she watched as the Hordelings fled in their stolen Strikers, and as their own pilots swooped in to try and stop them. She heard Shillah next to her, reporting that there were two Hordelings in each of the Strikers they'd taken. \"The second manning the back-up weapon controls in each case, I suppose?\" Cuura responded. \"What, Hordelings can't fly and shoot at the same time?\" He and the other pilots pursued the hijacked Strikers, but the Hordelings were clearly trying to escape back toward the nearby Gate. Forcing herself to shake off her distraction, Mitarrid keyed in the command for the system to close the hard-doors. Cuura was pleasantly surprised when not all the Hordelings concentrated solely on escaping. Some of them, it seemed, preferred to turn and fight. The hard-doors closed slowly, so there was still time for them to flee, but they didn't yet. They really were challenging combatants. They proved amazingly difficult to shoot down, and they were starting to shoot down some of the Arretchi pilots in turn. Cuura suspected that not all of his companions were up to this challenge. \"Anyone who knows they're outmatched, pull out,\" he called. \"This will take the best of us.\" \"Too late,\" one of the others answered. \"They're fleeing now.\" Indeed, now the remaining Hordelings were racing for the narrowing gap between the closing hard-doors. Cuura led a handful of his people in trying to catch them, but it was too late. The two remaining Hordeling-piloted Strikers slipped out at the last possible moment, as the hard-doors closed, and Cuura's and the others' shot impacted futilely against them. Cuura and the others pulled up and circled around. \"Can we reopen the doors and go after them?\" someone asked. \"Don't bother. They'll be long gone by the time we can get out there,\" Cuura answered. \"Are they heading for the prison?\" The Monitors confirmed that. \"Two Horde-hijacked Strikers, flying directly for the prison, and therefore on the tails of Spiass and her escort.\" \"Coming your way, then, Cuuma,\" Cuura called. \"I guess I should thank you for the gift, then,\" he answered. \"You had your fun first, I'll have mine last.\" A more formal warning had already been sent to Spiass and the others to watch out for this. \"That's all we can do at this point,\" Parrik commented unhappily. \"It is,\" Orron grimly agreed. \"Wait for Spiass to succeed or fail, and wait for the Drill to finish its work. We're only watching and waiting now.\" The war-nest prison came into view ahead, and Spiass studied it, and the readouts from her console, carefully. The signal from the Nemesis had disappeared some time ago, but as they had noted, there had been no coming or going from this place since then. It was a large, strong-looking structure, and visibly well-armed with weapons and a large number of Hordelings waiting for battle. However, the energy shielding had been taken down. \"That's not a good sign. They seek to lure us into some kind of trap,\" Spiass observed. \"Let them try, and we'll see how good their trap is.\" That was Cuuma. \"No, we won't make it that easy for them. Attack their outer defenses, do what damage you can, but don't try for the structure itself. There's a better way to handle this.\" The fleet began its attack. The Horde fired its own thermetic cascades at the Pavilion. It was useless, of course, and she ignored it. On the other hand, several Strikers that intercepted Pulses were destroyed by them. That shouldn't have happened. Had they altered the tech somehow? Spiass forced herself to concentrate on her own task. She could feel the prisoners inside, waiting for a chance, and through them, could see the layout of the prison cells. Their location was easy enough to pinpoint. As she brought the Pavilion within close firing range of the structure, she strategically aimed several beams. They were the carrier beams from the thermetic cascade, but that wasn't their intended use now. Instead of the usual Pulse, Spiass released a small force-burst along each one. They blew small chunks out of the prison without damaging the rest of the structure- and caused just enough damage to breach several of the cells. The prisoners in those cells, including Payash, began pushing aside the rubble and working themselves free. \"Our captors seem too preoccupied to notice us,\" he observed. \"We can free the rest, and then, if the Nemesis is here, we'll find it.\" \"Wait.\" Spiass looked back at her console as it beeped softly. \"I've got its signal again. It's active, outside the structure, and moving.\" She quickly located the source: a sturdy but minimally-armed Horde craft, with a number of their defense craft flying an escort around it. They were fleeing the prison, and quickly. \"They're trying to escape us now,\" Spiass said, \"or so it appears. Free your comrades,\" she told the prisoners, \"and do what damage you can to them from the inside, or seek freedom if you can.\" To the pilots, she called, \"Some of you, with me. We have to catch them. The rest, continue to keep their main defenses busy.\" She set the Pavilion off in pursuit of the fleeing craft. As her accompanying Strikers tangled with the Horde defenders, Spiass focused on the central craft. Suddenly, its defenders scattered and fled. \"Don't follow,\" she ordered. \"They're probably trying to lure you away.\" She wasn't sure that was the only reason for their disappearance, though. It seemed like they were getting out of the way. There was a trap of some kind in the making. She turned her attention back to the main craft. A single defender had reappeared to pace it. Inside the craft itself, she sensed a single, determined Hordeling presence. In fact, there was something odd about it, if she concentrated. This, she realized, was one of those that Payash had told her about, the ones that had been left sensitive to the Arretchi's own voices after one of them had torn into its mind. She could feel the imprint on it, if she looked closely enough. They'd said that such creatures were useless to them, that they still couldn't be understood in turn. Spiass wondered if she could do better. It was worth attempting, if she could learn what kind of trap they were planning. She reached out and tried. It didn't work. She could feel the thing's mind flinching in response to her touch, but she couldn't read anything from it, except that it was communicating with the pilot of the defending craft, and a vague sense of determination to accomplish whatever it was trying to do. She'd heard that much anyway. Payash was right, deliberately touching the minds of the Horde was a useless endeavor. Suddenly, both craft raced straight for the bottom of the Pavilion. The Strikers tried to intercept them, but the Hordeling defender destroyed several of them. Then the main craft flew straight in through the port on the Pavilion's underside. Spiass tensed. They wouldn't offer the Nemesis as a gift, surely. What kind of trick was this? Just then, the system picked up the activation of energy shielding, all around the Pavilion's current location. A summoned shield? No, she realized, a rerouted one. This was where the shielding from the prison itself had gone. It was slowly spreading to surround her and all the craft immediately nearby. She called to the Striker pilots, \"Get clear. Whatever the nature of this trap, don't get caught in it! I have a better chance to survive than you.\" They scattered, several of them pursuing the remaining defender, which was also fleeing. The Hordeling narrowly slipped out, but the Strikers failed to get out in time, and fatally crashed against the shielding. Spiass shuddered at the feel of their deaths. They'd been taking casualties slowly since this battle began, but that didn't make it any easier. She started to coast the Pavilion to a stop, while cautiously waiting for the next move of the Hordeling craft that had entered. At this point, she had a strong suspicion that a suicide attack was in the making. Were they about to sacrifice the Nemesis for that as well? The Pavilion rocked as it impacted the shielding trap outside. It hadn't stopped quickly enough. Spiass staggered briefly before regaining her balance. She turned her attention back to the Horde craft, and her eyes widened in surprise. This close, she couldn't have missed the presence of the Nemesis, especially as her system still picked up an active signal. She was pretty sure she could have sensed it at this range even if it were hiding within itself. It wasn't in there. The Hordeling was alone, preparing its attack, preparing for its own death, if she read it right, and savoring the belief that it was about to win. The signal had been false, another Hordeling decoy. Recalling what they'd tried before, Spiass had a good idea what was to come. Luckily, she'd taken personal precautions. The new shielding program had been adapted and applied to her armor, giving her personal protection on the level of any craft or ship. Indeed, as she'd expected, the Horde craft detonated in a flareburst. It tore the Pavilion apart from the inside out, but Spiass survived unscathed. She felt her people's consternation at the destruction of the Pavilion, although they didn't have to fear for her. They could all tell that she was all right. She could also feel a wash of triumph from the Horde. Clearly, the creatures believed her to be dead. \"Take advantage of their distraction,\" she urged the pilots. \"Take out their defenses.\" They fiercely went to it, and she could hear Cuuma laughing in triumph as he destroyed one of the Horde's cascades. To those inside, she asked, \"Can you find where the Nemesis actually is? Or at least learn if it's truly there?\" Inside, the first prisoners to get free had gotten their companions out as well, and they were now starting to spread out through the hallways of the place, looking for Hordelings to take payback on. \"We'll look,\" Payash assured Spiass. He turned to his fellows. \"Don't spread too far. Our best strength is in numbers.\" \"And surprise,\" someone added. He acknowledged that. \"We'd better make use of both. I suggest we break into two groups, no more, and search this place for whatever we can find. And any vermin we run into, jump them and tear them apart. For our people, and all we've been through. And for Burree,\" he finished grimly. The others heartily agreed. Meanwhile, Spiass adjusted her armor's shielding to double-strength and climbed out of the wreckage of the Pavilion. She'd given it a few moments, so as not to reveal the Horde's failure to them so quickly, but now their triumph was fading anyway, so something had probably tipped them off. Emerging, she looked around. The surrounding energy shielding was down, and nearby was what looked like the controls for it, attended by a group of Hordelings. She could pick out one among them that was clearly their head. Destroying that one would probably cripple them somewhat. Even as she started toward them, they all scuttled inside something behind them, some land vehicle, which was soon racing across the ground. She vaguely recalled seeing that thing arrive earlier, while she'd been chasing their decoy craft. So, they'd arranged a quick escape then. Perhaps they weren't so confident, after all. The land vehicle was fast, but small, and given how much larger she was, she could probably out-distance and catch it. She had a custom-sized Handlance, and could try to shoot it from here, too, but with no experience, she doubted she'd hit it at this range. She chased after it. Inside, Payash and the others had killed a number of vermin, and rearmed themselves with Handlances taken from their fallen enemies. It was clear that their escape had been noticed by now. Groups of vermin fighters had tried to intercept them, and they knew more would be coming. \"They're onto us, but that could actually be useful,\" Payash noted. \"Listen. They're trying to protect something, something they're afraid we'll find. Let's head to this place that has their attention and find out what.\" \"There are closed doors in the way, blocking that direction. I think they're closing everything in the way.\" \"They open with a touch-panel; we've seen them use it. Here.\" \"It doesn't react to our touch.\" \"Not surprising.\" Payash shrugged. \"The next vermin we kill, we'll borrow their hands afterward and see if that works.\" Outside, a number of Horde craft had flown in to attack Spiass directly. She could have caught that land vehicle, but every time she was about to, it seemed she was attacked again from the air, and had to deal with that. The double shielding protected her even from their piercing-level shots, but that wouldn't last forever. She fought them off as best she could, managing to shoot some down, swatting others away with her tentacles. Then she resumed her pursuit. More Horde craft swept in, firing on her repeatedly. This attack felt more furious than the one before. She downed them as best she could, but there was still one left, shooting fiercing. Spiass flinched as she felt the shielding overload and fail. She lashed out with a tentacle, and though it was a glancing blow, it connected, sending the craft toward the ground in flames. It had gotten off many more shots at her in the moment before she downed it, but her armor had absorbed them, taking minor damage in the process. It wouldn't have absorbed many more. To her surprise, the Hordeling inside shot out of the doomed craft as if thrown, flying into the air. It extended some kind of sheet, and catching the air with it, broke its own fall as it dropped to the ground. Were the Horde craft designed to allow for that? Spiass reflected that they should take that idea for themselves. An instant exit from a damaged craft might prove very useful in a number of situations. However, that Hordeling was still alive, and it felt like a particularly dangerous one. The land vehicle had pulled ahead again, but Spiass turned to finish off her attacker first. At that point, the two hijacked Strikers appeared on the scene. There was no mistaking them, for she could feel the alien presences within- even had they not immediately attacked her. She tried to swat at them, but they were too nimble. They focused their attacks on her Handlance first, soon destroying it, and she tried to shield the damaged part on the front of her armor as they turned their shots on her. Just then, Payash called to her. \"We've found it! The Nemesis is here!\" Spiass whirled toward the prison. Yes, she could see it through their eyes: the Nemesis itself, withdrawn and silent, with two terrified Hordeling guards, now with nothing but a single transparent wall between them and Payash's group. She could feel exactly where in the structure they were. As Spiass hurried toward the prison structure, she called out to the pilots. \"Gather close. Whatever still stands between us and our goal, I need you to help get through it.\" \"We can probably shield you from just about anything, if we fly densely enough,\" Cuuma mused. \"The problem is, crowding in that close is asking for mishaps. Not everyone has the kind of flying skill to pull off such a formation.\" Spiass hesitated. \"I can take control of the Strikers' systems myself. There will be no doubt of a perfect formation then. Unfortunately, I can't concentrate on shooting all of them. You'd basically be nothing but a shield. And there's a further risk. If anything did happen to me, they'd all end up off-line. The systems would be overloaded. Even if all goes well, none of them will fly again without recalibration.\" \"If all goes well, we'll be done here anyway, right? We can afford it. And if not… well, we didn't come here to play it safe. As to the rest, remember, we're all here because we're willing to pay the price. If you think that's the best way to get through, do it!\" \"Very well.\" Even as she ran toward the prison, Spiass stretched out her will, and seized control of the Strikers. She pulled them into a tight but coordinated spiral around herself, a living shield against any attacks that might come. She lost a few to stray attacks as she went, but at this rate, losses should be minimal. The outer defenses of the prison were in shambles by now, and whatever lay within might not matter if she was quick enough. As an added boon, the hijacked Strikers had fallen under her control as well. The Hordelings within would be unable to do anything now that the systems no longer responded to their control. Once they got back to Homeship, and she could relinquish her own control of them, they'd have to make sure that those creatures were properly disposed of. Inside, Payash and his companions sought to secure their access to the Nemesis. Spiass suggested it might not be necessary at this stage, but they were determined to do whatever they could. They opened fire, shattering the last wall and trying to kill the guards, although those two dove to the floor in an attempt to dodge. Payash thought he heard a flash of pain from at least one of them. Suddenly, his own group was opened fire on, from behind. They'd known there were more of the vermin about, hunting them, but again, they'd underestimated how quickly they could move. They all went down in a rain of shots. As Payash lay, near death, he could hear Spiass's distress. \"It's all right,\" he assured her. \"To go down fighting was more than we dared hope for, for a long time. You gave us that much.\" He angled his head slightly. He could see one of the vermin standing right nearby, Handlance in hand, giving off an annoying sense of pride. Gathering the last of his strength, Payash focused on one of his bio-tentacles, snaking it forward. It grabbed the leg of the annoying vermin, and Payash had the pleasure of feeling its pride collapse into fear. Then something severed the tentacle. Payash barely had time to register the backlash shock, when his back exploded in pain, and then he felt nothing. Spiass felt the other group of freed prisoners inside heading for the same location. Again, she told them that they didn't have to do this, but they, too, preferred to fight to the end than run and do nothing. Spiass listened to them make a last charge on the Nemesis and those who guarded it, and listened to them die as well. Suddenly, the two Hordeling-hijacked Strikers shot forward, slamming through a number of the others before shooting straight up into the air. The Hordelings had managed to manually activate the boost engines. Spiass let them go. She could feel their triumph at their escape, but it didn't matter. Even if those Strikers didn't crash to ground hard enough to kill them, they would never fly again. It didn't matter what happened to them now. She had reached the prison structure itself, and stood right outside the place where the Arretchi inside had fallen. She smashed through the wall with sheer force. The Nemesis lay before her, and the Hordelings around it were caught off guard by her entrance. She swiftly reached in and snatched up her target, but she couldn't help her gaze straying to the numerous Arretchi corpses that lay nearby. \"They didn't die in vain,\" Parrik suggested, from Homeship. \"If they'd had a chance, the Horde might have moved the Nemesis elsewhere in there once it was found, and you wouldn't know where. They made sure that the Horde was too busy fighting to do it.\" Spiass nodded slightly in ackowledgement, as she turned to flee from the prison. The Nemesis' artificial body was in her hand, and time enough to wrest information from it when they were safe. Now, she only sought to get herself and her people out of here. She never thought that the hijacked Strikers could still be an issue. Not until they shot straight back down, riding gravity, and opened fire on her with full force. Their shots tore into her back, and with a cry, Spiass stumbled. She tried to force herself to run, but they fired on her one more time, and she fell to her knees. She dimly noticed those Strikers crash hard to the ground nearby, but the damage was done. She knew she was dying. \"I'm sorry.\" Opening and trying to drag herself from the now unresponsive armor, Spiass spoke to her people one last time. \"I've failed. The Drill…\" She knew from the heads on Homeship, the Drill was nearly a mini-cycle from reaching the planet's core. She wouldn't last that long. \"I'm sorry,\" she said again. \"Those who accompanied me here, there's no getting out now. The self-destruct is on a separate system, and I haven't touched that one. If you would sooner die than face capture, you have that choice. Homeship, go. There's nothing more you can hope to do here. Don't fight or die in vain. Go. Live on…\" Her voice faded, and the Dreamer was no more. The Nemesis slipped from her limp hand. With the loss of her influence on the systems, the Strikers stopped working, and began drifting helplessly toward the ground. The pilots could no longer hear Homeship, but they could still talk with each other. \"What do you think?\" Cuuma asked the others. \"I, for one, would rather go out on my own terms than let the Horde decide our fate. Unless we think there's anything else we can accomplish here.\" \"We could get out and fight. We could still kill many of them. We could still kill the Nemesis.\" \"No,\" someone else objected. \"She was right, we need the location of its nest first. Others might come and succeed where our mission failed, but not if it and its knowledge are destroyed.\" \"And killing a handful more of Hordelings won't make enough difference in the long run, not enough to justify the risk of ending up their prisoners,\" someone else insisted. Cuuma nodded to himself. \"I guess that settles that. Our lives, our terms!\" He aimed his last words at Cuura, back on Homeship, although he knew that he couldn't hear. \"Sorry. I'm not coming back after all. At least I won't leave you uncertain about my fate. Fight on for me.\" Just as he felt the Striker settle to the ground, he keyed in the self-destruct. He knew he wasn't the only one. Cuura had felt the connection with Cuuma fade when Spiass died, but waited anyway, as if expecting it to return. Now, he felt the only contact that could still reach: the sensation of his death. As Cuura bowed his head and closed his eyes in grief, he felt Tahaim's arms close around him, and her offer of whatever comfort she could give. \"I know he had no chance of making it back,\" he whispered. \"I know he'd probably face a worse fate if he survived. But…\" \"But right now, it doesn't make it better.\" \"No.\" Bazz, Parrik, and Orron looked at each numbly. The Drill had shut down the moment it lost Spiass's life-signature, and the core of this world was out of their reach. \"So that's it? Is there nothing we can do now?\" \"Nothing but do what she said and get out of here,\" Parrik answered Orron. \"This may have been our one chance to stop them. Could we afford to lose it?\" Bazz asked. \"We've already lost this chance,\" Parrik pointed out. \"Coring the planet failed, and we already know we can't beat them in straight combat. We'd be decimated if we tried, and that's exactly what she didn't want to happen. We have to leave, now, before they launch another attack against us .\" After a moment, the other two nodded slowly. \"You're right.\" \"Our energy is still depleted,\" Orron reminded them. \"That will be a problem sooner rather than later, I fear.\" \"I fear we'll have many problems sooner rather than later,\" Parrik answered soberly. Soon, Homeship was pulling away from the planet. As they headed back for the shelter of the Void, gloom and loss dominated both the Thoughtsea and the minds of those who remained outside it. Cuura still clung to Tahaim, and wished she were enough to make up for the new empty space in his existence. Mitarrid soberly watched her readouts, and reflected that Jengre's usual optimism would have been very welcome right now. Greel slowly pieced together another gem-sculpture, but it depicted only despair. Parrik listened to the voices around her as she stared out at the stars. What had happened was bad, but it was just the beginning. The Nemesis and the Horde were united now. She knew there would be far worse to come. ","Summary":" Ejection Strike Prologue In the final moments Chikak, head of Harbinger 1-3, stared grimly at the t"},{"Movie":"2012","Title":"Living a lie - ASOUE - Dunclet - maybe Kladora","Author":"Duncletlover","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13094570","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Hi everybody! I am writing this because there is no good ASOUE stories on this app. It will have Dunkley and maybe a bit of Kladora. Klaus's point of view \"Violet, we need to get going\", I yelled, \" we are going to be late!\" \" I'm coming\", Violet yelled, \" How do I look?\" Violet walked down the stairs. She was wearing a knee long, white dress with a yellow flower print on the top. A pair of white heels on her feet and white stockings covering her legs. Her soft brown hair hanging out on her shoulders curled with a yellow flower clip in her hair. \"Violet you look fine, can we go now?, I sighed , James will like it ok?\". A/N: James is Violets boyfriend (For now) We left the our house, leaving Sunny with a babysitter, and headed out to a party. When we arrived Violet immediately ran over to James and gave him a kiss on the cheek. Eww I thought. Get a room. Klaus!\" Someone yelled I spun to see Duncan approaching me with a grin on his face. \"Duncan!, how are you?\" \"Good how abo-\" I watched as Duncan's eyes slowly landed on Violet and James. His face went pale. \" Duncan\", I said quietly, \"She will come to her senses soon enough\". \"He is using her, Duncan hissed, I hate him\" Approximately 20 minutes later Isadora arrived. She was wearing a orange dress that went to her knees with black boots. He brown hair was braided into a crown around her head. \"Wow...\" \"Man you are drooling\" Duncan laughed. Isadora walked towards us. \"Hey, Klaus, Duncan, she smiled, where's Violet?\" \"I don't know\" I stammered \" Probably with James\" Duncan sighed \"KLAUS! HELP ME!\" \"Violet!\"[Chapter 2] A/N: Just to let you know thy are all 16/17 in this story \"KLAUS\" Violet screamed \"HELP ME PLEASE\". \"VIOLET\" I yelled \"WHERE ARE YOU\" We ran into a room. \"VIOLET\" I screamed Violet was lying strapped to a bed, her dress ripped into shreds. Violet was crying, her make up running down her face. Her hair was a mess. \"Oh my god Vi, Isadora cried, what happened?\" \"James h-he t-t-toke me h-here, Violet weeped, he l-left me w-w-with this man. He started to r-rip my clothes but left when I s-s-started screaming.\" We grabbed Violet. I gave her my jacket as she was shaking. She was exhausted and soon nearly passed out as we carried her home. My arms soon became sore. \"I'll take her if you don't mind\" Duncan whispered We soon arrived home. \"Could you to stay tonight\" ,I asked, \"I don't think Violet will want to be alone when she wakes up\" \" of course\"Isadora said \"We wouldn't dream of leaving her alone\" ","Summary":" A/N: Hi everybody! I am writing this because there is no good ASOUE stories on this app. It will ha"},{"Movie":"2012","Title":"2012 parody","Author":"trufflesun","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10259531","Passage":"[Chapter 1] LA California, about 30 minutes into the movie... Johnathan : Get the kids. California is going down! Kate :(over phone) The governer just said everything was okay. Johnathan : He's an actor, he's reading from a script!.. Kate : Well, SO ARE YOU John..whatever your name is! Johnathan : Cusack! John Cusack! You should know this! Kate : So..uh, yeah...you were right. I guess there is an earthquake. Johnathan: I'll be right there! And I'm bringing a boombox! Kate : Please don't... Johnathan : Come on.. Kate: Your movies suck! Later, on the deck of the ark... John hangs up his cell phone. Johnathan : Damn! Kate : What's wrong? Johnathan : I was just talking to an agent. Our insurance doesn't cover the apocolypse. Kate : I KNEW we should've gotten that apocalypse coverage! The arks arrive in Africa. The local tribes and civilized and mostly intact country of Africa welcome the people on the arks. They soon learn that all other known continents have sunken. Johnathan : I want cheeseburgers. John is delusional from the sudden heat. The locals give him shelter in a nearby tent. A translator is found. Johnathan : Have any of you seen any movies? Translator : Yes. Johnathan : What's your favorite. Translator: Anything WITHOUT John Cusack. Johnathan : MOTHER FU- THE END![Chapter 2] I wasn't pl a n n in g o n continuing, but here you go. Part two Jackson is writing a letter to the author of this story. Dear stupidhead, My name is Jackson, not Johnathan, Sincerely, Jackson. Kate: What are you doing? Jackson: Writing a letter. Kate: Stop breaking the fourth wall! Jackson: We've been doing it all last chapter! Kate: What chapter? What are you talking about? Jackson: You know! The story..the fanfiction. Kate: What is fanfiction? Jackson:*facepalm* Jackson proceeds to spend the next two and a half hours explaining to Kate the premise of fanfiction. Kate: So...slash is good? Jackson: NO! Slash is bad, very very bad. Kate: Are we still in the movie? Are you John Cu.. Jackson: Shhh! You can't have real names in fanfics! They now live in a small apartment building with their children, whose names I forgot. Kate: What is that voice? Jackson: That is the author. Kate: Well it's annoying. Jackson: You probably shouldn't badmouth the author. Kate: Why not? Author: Because I'll kill you. Kate punches author in the face. Jackson gasps in surprise and his jaw drops. Off. Literally. His entire jaw falls off. Don't ask why. Jackson: No! {He somehow talks with no jaw} Take me. Author: *shrugs* Okay! Author takes out flamethrower and torches Jackson. Then, for no reason at all, Author pulls off Jackson's hand off and eats it. Jackson is fed to the wolves. Wolves: He tastes like chicken! Author: I know, right?! Kate: Nooooooo! Author rips Kate's head off. plot twist: she's a robot. Plot twist: Everyone's a robot. Plot twist: The world is a robot. THE END? ","Summary":" LA California, about 30 minutes into the movie... Johnathan : Get the kids. California is going dow"},{"Movie":"2012","Title":"2012 An Epic Event","Author":"FishyFriend16","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6309826","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Comets, fireballs, hail, rain, snow. I was driving down the road on the day 12-11-12. I know what everyone says about 2012. It's all crap. Or at least that's what I thought. I had my sisters' two children in the backseat. One was 2. The other was 5. We were heading back to her house after her work. I babysit them each week. \"I want my mommy…\" Kaden the 5 year old was saying. I love them very much. I have no children of my own. I am waiting until I'm a little older. I am 22 and my sister is 26. Her husband is stationed in Iraq, and she works 74 hours a week. I work too, 20 hours a week. We were driving at about 20 miles per hour. The snow was falling hard. We live in East New York, so what can you expect? Taylor the 2 year old, was sleeping hard in the back. Soft snores were coming from her.[Chapter 2] I closed all the windows and shut the blinds. I told my sister what was happening, again, and she called her husband. The children were scared and I tried keeping them calm. I finally went back outside and asked the men what they wanted. When I got outside, I noticed someone who looked strangely familiar. I suddenly realized that it was my boss, Yuri. He told me something was about to happen. Something bad. I knew what he was talking about. The apocalypse was about to happen. I told my sister and we took the children. We went with Yuri and rushed into the car. We hurried to the airport at the time that her husband came in. We took him with us and we went to a gas station to fill up. \"What are we doing here?\" Chase asked suddenly. I knew that he was probably frazzled with all that was happening, because, well, so was everybody else. \"We are going to get gas. We have a long ride to D.C.\" Yuri said. Two men got out of the car and went into the station. Probably to get food I guessed. When they got back, they had about 3 bags, full of food and drinks, for us to take on the ride. It was a very long ride, and most of it, I was squished between 3 people. 2 Russian men were next to me, and on the right, was Chase. My sister, Erin, was sitting in between the kids, and they were all sleeping. The highway was packed full, and we were in the middle of it. \"This is going to take forever,\" I mumbled. Both men just looked at me. I could feel their icy stares piercing my soul as we finally crossed into D.C. We got to the airport, and we went into the terminal. A black smoky haze was following us as we went in. Firemen and police were surrounding the area. Yuri found the pilot, I was guessing, another Russian man, but I wasn't wrong. He was very charming. Cold blue eyes, tall frame, he was gorgeous. I couldn't help myself not to stare. There was a girl following him; quite pretty, I supposed it was his girlfriend. I was crushed, I was in love. He introduced himself. His name was Sasha. I thought it was kind of funny, because in America, that's a girl's name. We found a plane, about twice the size of a 747. \"That is a BIG plane. What the hell is in there?\" Chase said. Right then, the ground started cracking. Earthquake I thought. We all rushed into the plane. There were show cars in the plane. Bentleys, Corvettes, Mustangs, and Porches we some of the exquisite cars that were in there. We all scrambled into the bottom portion and Sasha started up the plane. The earthquake was really bad. The ground started cracking, and we got into the air. I looked out the window and saw flames. ","Summary":" Comets, fireballs, hail, rain, snow. I was driving down the road on the day 12-11-12. I know what e"},{"Movie":"2012","Title":"The Last Day Of The Cruise Ship","Author":"Madd Dogg's Tall Tales","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7505042","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Last Days of the Cruise Ship Disclaimer: I don't own 2012 or anything in that movie This is my first 2012 fic, it revolves around the cruise ship Genenisis and her passengers, including Adrian's father, Harry Helmsley, and Tony Delgatto. Several OCs will be added since there aren't enough movie characters on the ship. Even the captain will be an OC. Prologue Harry Helmsley was listening to the radio broadcast of the earthquake in Tokyo, Japan. Harry and his partner, Tony Delgatto were traveling on the cruise ship M/V Genenisis to Japan, whenever the whole room started to slowly tilt. Everyone panicked as the ship continued to roll to it's starboard side. People were clinging to tables in lounges, dining halls, cafes, nightclubs, and other places. Harry, in one of the galleys made his way outside as waiters, cooks, crewmembers and even Tony, slid to the other end of the kitchen. Harry pulled himself outside only to see a gigantic wave towering above them as the Genenisis was completely sucked into the mammoth wall of water, killing all that were aboard the ship. Sorry for such a short Chapter as the prologue, The next chapter wont be very short, the purpose of the prologue was to tell what ship the story was going to revolve around. Please Review if you're interested.[Chapter 2] Disclaimer: I don't own 2012 or any of its contents. Definition: OC, Own Character To prevent offending others using non-fictional people names, all OC's will be called only by their first name. The first OCs appear in this Chapter! The Beginning of the End {Several days earlier} The M/V Genenisis was moored at the port of San Francisco, and people were boarding the ship, ready to visit Japan. Among them, Tony Delgatto, and Harry Helmsley were talking as they were boarding the ship. Both men were jazz musicians heading to Japan, and were in charge of entertaining the Passengers aboard the Genenisis. As the two men were boarding the Azure owned cruise liner, the boat began to rock violently in the water as the city of San Fransisco shook in a light tremor. The ship nearly tore off the boarding bridge holding the two men that were boarding the boat. \"What the Hell was that?\" Harry said smoothly as the violent rocking of the ship slowley ceased. \"I Don't Know, but that was a very scary moment for a few seconds.\" Tony said under his breath. In one of the ships suites a family of four were shaken to their nerves from the event a few moments ago. \"Everyone all right!\" a 54 year-old man said to his wife and two kids. \"Were fine Frank!\" the woman said. Frank, the 54 year-old man was an architect travelling with his family. His wife Rita, his son, Nick, and his daughter, Alyssa. Rita was 49 years old, and she was a financial clerk. She had greyish black hair,and wore glasses. Nick was a 15 year old teenager who started highschool, he had short auburn hair. Alyssa was the youngest member of the family, she was only 6 years old, and starting kindergarten. She had brown hair. Alyssa felt slightly sick from the violent rocking of the ship, as the rest of her family didn't seem to be greatly affected. Nick pulled out his i-phone and started texting his friends back in Los Angeles. Frank than turned to Nick, \"I would not worry about any friends right now, they probably didn't feel the tremors.\" He said to Nick. \"Hope the rest of this voyage doesn't become Hell!\" Nick said sarcastically, putting away his phone. Rita put some some family photos on the table next to her and Frank's bed. Alyssa than started jumping around wildly shouting, \"Rock again, Rock again!\" \"Alyssa!\" Frank shouted, nearly annoyed, \"Cool it!\" In another part of the Genenisis, two teens were suddenly startled by the vessel's violent rocking. \"What was that?\" a teen girl asked her boyfriend, \"I don't know.\" The boy replied softly, \"probably another small earthquake, they have been happening along the west coast for several days now.\" Jenna, the teen girl, was about 16 years old. She had long,wavy, blonde hair. Jenna asked her boyfriend, \"Could another big one hit home, Kyle?\" \"I don't know baby.\" Kyle replied. Kyle was 17 years old, he had medium rock star-like auburn hair. Kyle and Jenna were both traveling with their parents. Kyle was traveling with his father and mother. Henry, his father was an electrician, he was 56 years old and had short grey hair and a mustache. Sherrie, his mother was about 46 years old, worked as a teacher and had greyish black hair. Kyle also had two younger siblings, a brother and a sister called Denise and Joey. Denise, the younger sister was at least 10 years old, was in fourth grade, and had short black hair. Joey, the younger brother was 12 years old, he was in the sixth grade, was in a wheelchair due to an accident while playing a football game at his school. He had short blonde hair. Jenna had a mother, father and 1 young sister. Jack, her father was a former member of the New York Police Department; he retired after marring Jenna's mother and moved to San Francisco. He is 57, and has dark brown hair. Zoë, her mother is an artist, she is 47, and has long silver hair. Her young sister Johanna was at least 12 years old and had brown hair. Jenna and Kyle headed back to their cabin as the ship's horn blew, signalling the start of their voyage. Well, that's the first chapter, hope you enjoyed it. I am waiting for reviews so please, review me. I'll get more chapters up soon along with more OCs. ","Summary":" The Last Days of the Cruise Ship Disclaimer: I don't own 2012 or anything in that movie This is my "},{"Movie":"Pirates! Band of Misfits","Title":"The Pirate Games","Author":"A. Kingsleigh","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9929594","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I HAVE RETURNED! NaNoWriMo was fun (I won, BTW. Yay.), but it's time to get back into the normal routine. I may be a little bit rusty, and I'll be working on two/three other stories besides this, but don't fret! I have an actual writing schedule now, and the Piratesverse has two whole days to itself! In case you're wondering, this particular idea has been rattling around in my head from pretty much the beginning. It's inspired by a commercial made for Pirates that spoofed The Hunger Games, which came out at approximately the same time. I decided to take this idea and run with it. Enjoy. DISCLAIMER: If you recognize it, I don't own it. Ah, spring. A time for joy. A time for rebirth. A time for cutthroat depravity of all levels and forms. The pirates of Blood Island happily practiced such acts on a year-round basis, of course, but spring was the time for it to get especially nasty. You see, this was when the Pirate of the Year was decided. On this particular spring, the line outside the Barnacle's Face stretched all the way to the other end of the wharf and back again. The little tavern threatened to burst apart at the seams from the number of people inside it. Some were talking and laughing, while others looked for gaps in the line and violently jumped at the chance to slot themselves in a little closer to the sign-up stand. One could almost feel the air hum with the excitement of them all; those who had not come to fill out their last-minute applications had come to hear the Pirate King's announcement. \"It's hardly moving!\" Charles exclaimed as he scanned the wharf in a futile attempt to find out where the end of the line was. \"Is he even going to get to the front in time?\" Scarf smiled as he watched the Pirate Captain, who was already skipping his way past the row of dark looks into the tavern. \"I don't think he'll have a problem with that…\" \"Pardon me! Coming through! Out of the way!\" the captain said, pushing aside the masses of bodies and snatching a slip of paper from the desk of the stand. \"Right, this is all. Carry on.\" Ignoring the volley of insults hurled at him, he made a beeline for the only empty table with his crew right behind him. \"I put the last bit of ink in my beard, didn't I?\" \"Right compartment, sir,\" Scarf answered. Charles looked miffed. \"I've been trying to find that all day…\" \"Good man!\" the captain exclaimed as he pulled out a quill and inkwell and set the latter down next to the paper. \"Now let's see. Blah blah blah, boring stuff, here we go! Booty...roaring...shanties, rousing. Beard, luxuriant, as if they needed to ask.\" Reaching back into his beard, he pulled out another tiny inkwell full of red dye. He dunked the tip of the quill into it and signed his name at the bottom of the form with a flourish. \"Do you think they'll take it for blood?\" \"I do!\" Albino Pirate chirped. Scarf cleared his throat quietly. \"Sir? Remember what we talked about.\" \"I wrote it down!\" The captain showed them the palm of his right hand. On it, he had drawn a picture of the trophy and of their Jolly Roger, with a 'less than' sign separating them. \"Don't get carried away no matter how many times Bellamy calls Polly a fat parrot.\" Scarf let out the breath he had been holding in. \"Right.\" \"I won't need to, anyway,\" the captain continued. \"We've got these, don't we?\" He pulled a lump of silver from behind his ear. \"The others can clean out all the ships in the Spanish Main, and they still wouldn't have enough treasure to beat us.\" They all flinched at the sound of shattering glass from the window behind them. \"Did someone talk of plunderin' the Spanish Main?\" Pegleg Hastings cackled as he poured a pile of gold coins and gems onto the floor. \"Too late!\" Their eyes bugged out at the scene. \"How did you even…? Oh, never mind.\" \"That's not much,\" the captain remarked. \"Besides, you could pick it off the street if you wanted to oh, dear Neptune's hangnail!\" The other patrons gasped along with him as a bright, clear crystalline blade shot up from beneath the floor inches from Pegleg's foot. It proceeded to cut a circle around him which then crashed into the basement, carrying him with it. Glass broke, the unfortunate pirate shrieked, and then both rooms fell silent. A few awkward seconds later, Cutlass Liz clambered up through the floor. In her hand was a sword nearly as long as she was. The handle was iron and encrusted with colorful gems, and the blade was a many-sided, meticulously cut diamond. Liz smirked. \"Do you like it?\" she said as she swung it around with ease before resting it on her shoulder. \"It's three hundred years old and cuts through anything! Only one was ever made, and here it is!\" The Pirate Captain raised his eyebrows, but immediately pushed them down again. \"You could probably smash that thing with a hammer. Couldn't you, Charles? We still haven't seen Bellamy yet.\" No sooner had the words left his mouth than something landed on the roof with a thud. The ceiling rattled once, twice, then collapsed as a shower of gold coins came pouring into the tavern. It completely covered the floor, spilled out onto the street and forced the patrons to jump on the chairs and tables to escape it. Just as the deluge reached their ankles, it sputtered and thinned out until it was no more. Someone ventured out into the center of the mess, right beneath the hole. \"Is it over…?\" A black-clad figure jumped down through the hole and landed on top of the unfortunate pirate. \"I know what you're all thinking,\" Black Bellamy said as he adjusted his tricorn with a smirk. \"You can thank me later.\" \"What, are you trying to smother the competition?\" Scarf said. \"Just giving them a little show, that's all. You can have all you want!\" he shouted to the patrons, who were quickly getting over their fear. \"There's plenty more where this came from. I'll even throw in some grog! How's that sound?\" They cheered, all except for the captain and his crew. \"I suppose you might as well,\" the captain remarked. \"You wouldn't win even if you kept it all to yourself.\" \"Captain, look at your hand…\" Bellamy raised an eyebrow. \"You planning to have another go at it, Cap?\" \"I'm planning to win. Why, our boat's probably come near to sinking a dozen times, it's so weighed down!\" That had sounded better in his head. \"Sir.\" \"What? Confrontation is traditional.\" Bellamy calmly approached him. \"That's all silver, right? You got it from a mine somewhere.\" \"Yes, what of it?\" \"You know that doesn't really count.\" The captain froze. \"...What do you mean?\" His crew members slowly closed their eyes. Oh no… \"You've got to steal your treasure, you know. It can't just be handed to you.\" \"I never said it was…!\" \"Hey, I'm just telling you the rules. You don't want to get in trouble with the king again, now do you?\" Smiling in his 'all of you are less than I' way, he turned on his heel and walked back towards his adoring crowd. \"I'll ask the king what the rules are, then!\" the captain shouted after him. \"He'll be here soon enough - \" \"Look out!\" someone yelled, looking up through the hole. Everyone scattered as a giant pink shell further demolished the ceiling. It hovered a bit before landing gently and opening. Out stepped the Pirate King, in his white, rhinestone-studded regalia. \"HELLO, PIRATES!\" \"Hello, Pirate King,\" they mumbled, once again shaken. He frowned. \"Where is your enthusiasm? Are you not glad to... GOOD NEPTUNE, WHAT IS ALL THIS? BELLAMY!\" \"Yes, Your Majesty?\" \"Is this your doing?\" the king snapped. \"It's my entry for Pirate of the Year, Your Majesty.\" The king stared at him blankly. A deep rumbling began to emanate from his stomach which worked its way up his throat and burst forth as a hearty laugh. \"What's so funny…?\" \"A fat lot of help this treasure will do you, then!\"[Chapter 2] DISCLAIMER: If you recognize it, I don't own it. A jolt of shock and confusion seemed to shoot through the room, and Bellamy's jaw dropped nearly to the floor. \"What?\" The Pirate Captain burst out laughing at him, then sucked his breath back in as he found himself in the center of a circle of glares. \"Er...sorry.\" \"Pirate Captain!\" the king boomed. \"Approach!\" With a gentle push from Scarf, the captain staggered to the foot of the shell and fell on his face. \"Please don't shoot me or chop my head off or blow out my eardrums, Your Majesty — \" \" Silence!\" Standing up, the Pirate King stepped on the captain and then to the floor. \"You are all aware of the Pirate Captain,\" he said, gesturing to the man as he got up. \"Surely you have not forgotten his actions at the competition two years prior. I certainly have not!\" The captain flinched and covered his face. \"Wasn't taking the badge with the googly eyes enough…?\" \"And I thank him heartily for it!\" \"Please don't, I...excuse me?\" He yelped as the king hoisted him to his feet and slapped him on the shoulder. \" You, sir,\" the king said, \"did us all a great service that evening!\" \"...I did?\" \"Indeed! It was pointed out to me that no potential flaws in our system of judging the contestants had revealed themselves until you weaseled your way into first place.\" Shoving him back, he turned to address the crowd. \"And to prevent such an unfortunate, insidious event from reoccurring, I am pleased to announce a fundamental alteration in the execution of the Pirate of the Year Awards! A mere measure of wealth is no longer an indicator of a pirate's worth! Instead of treasure, we shall have a tournament! All may volunteer, but only a true pirate may win! The First Annual Pirate Games!\" Black Bellamy threw people aside as he practically flew across the room and skidded to a stop in front of the king. \"I volunteer!\" The Pirate Captain rammed him aside. \"I also volunteer!\" \"I volunteered first!\" \"I volunteered more dramatically!\" \"No, you didn't!\" The Pirate King rolled his eyes and left them to bicker. \"I'm a finer example than you are!\" the captain proclaimed. \"Of what, how not to be a pirate? Because I'll admit, you've got that down.\" \"It's the spirit of the thing, Bellamy. The crew, the adventures, the fake limbs! Why, half the fun of a treasure hunt is looking for it!\" \"And what about finding it? I'd like to see someone else ride in on a whale.\" Charles rubbed the back of his neck. \"I wouldn't say that if I were you…\" \"What's supposed to happen?\" Bellamy asked with a laugh. From far away and deep below them, something began to rumble. It spread across the water and engulfed all of Blood Island in an earthquake. The timbers of the Barnacle's Face rattled uncontrollably, and the piles of gold that the patrons had been amassing tumbled down. Outside, the line screamed and scattered in every direction except the end of the dock. The captain and Bellamy looked in the direction they were all pointing as they rushed out. \"What on earth…?\" A large, dark green lump was moving rapidly across the water towards them. They gasped and stumbled as it leapt above the surface and revealed itself to be a giant, angry sea monster. It landed on the dock, slid along the walkway and slammed into the newly-repaired wall of the Barnacle's Face. Boards, stones and people went flying as half of the tavern came crashing down. The Pirate Captain stared agape. \"Come on!\" he said, running back towards the scene while trying to pull Bellamy along. Bellamy stayed rooted where he was for several seconds before following. \"That…that's my schtick…\" \"Is everyone alright?\" the captain shouted as he dug a path through the wreckage, looking for his crew. Most of them were brushing off plaster, while the Albino Pirate was pulling Mr. Bobo out from the remains of a window. \"All accounted for, sir,\" said Scarf. \"No harm done.\" \"Who is responsible for this?\" the Pirate King bellowed as he burst out from beneath a pile of wood. \"Well?\" Everyone backed away from the sea monster as its mouth creaked open. The tongue rolled out like a pink, fleshy carpet. A shadowy figure walked up from the creature's throat and stood in the canopy of its mouth. \"Is there a problem?\" he asked in a deep, smooth cockney tone. \"In deed there is!\" the king shouted at him. \"You have invaded my kingdom and obliterated a piece of my property!\" The figure sauntered into the light. He was a tanned, lithe fellow with a fair bit of muscle. His dirty blonde hair was long and tied up in bead-laden braids. The beginnings of a thin mustache had sprouted above his lips, and his teeth were sparkling. He wore a loose white shirt beneath a tight jerkin of black leather and even tighter leather pants. His boots were polished and gleaming, and a black bandana was tied around his head. He rested a hand on his hip as he smiled at the crowd. \"I can see that,\" he said as he took a small bag from his belt and tossed it to the king. \"Terribly sorry. A little pocket change ought to cover it.\" Eying the newcomer suspiciously, the king poured the contents of the pouch into his hand. Dozens of tiny diamonds. \"I've seen your face!\" a pirate exclaimed as he pointed at the newcomer. \"Aren't you James Finch?\" \"I'm afraid so.\" At this, the crowd gasped excitedly and began to whisper. The James Finch? The one who had burnt down Port Royal and killed Dreadlocks Roberts? Wanted for two hundred thousand sovereigns and a million reales? Finch strolled amongst them with a grin, letting his hips swing. \"I take it you've been expecting a visit from me.\" \"That we have!\" the king said, nodding to him with reverence. \"I'd planned to invite you here for the Games!\" \"You don't say,\" he said, unsurprised. \"A test of skill and cleverness! The winner shall be named Pirate of the Year!\" \"Sign me up, then. Someone's got to win, I suppose. Am I right?\" he said to the crowd, who cheered wildly. \"I don't suppose I have any competition.\" The captain coughed as he and Bellamy raised their hands. \"Right over here.\" He turned and appeared to look through them for a moment before raising an eyebrow. \"I didn't think so.\" \"And what's that supposed to mean?\" Bellamy snapped, getting in his face. \"Is all this gold yours?\" \"You bet it is!\" \"Overcompensation. Try a little less next time.\" He turned to the captain. \"And cut off that beard, unless you've a fondness for raising vermin.\" The captain gaped, as did his crew. \"Don't knock the beard!\" said Emma. Finch looked her over, intrigued. \"Shall I knock something else instead?\" If Charles and Jenny hadn't pulled her back, the punch she was readying probably would have taken out all his teeth at once. Not that he seemed to mind. \"Come now, it's no fun winning if you don't beat anyone! We need some volunteers!\" The crowd surged towards him. \"We will! We will!\" \"Calm down, let's be orderly. How about we keep this at a reasonable number? We've already got three...nine more will put us at twelve.\" \"A fine proposition, Mr. Finch!\" the king said. \"I request nine volunteers!\" Nine pirates fought their way to his feet, Cutlass Liz and Pegleg Hastings among them. \"Is this all of you?\" he asked, examining them. \"Aye-aye, Your Majesty!\" \"Perfect! Then follow me to my palace, all twelve of you! ONWARD!\" The crowd roared with pleasure and struck up a shanty as the procession headed down the dock, towards the jungle. At the back of the line trudged the captain and Bellamy. Their arms were folded, and their faces were turning red. \"I'll show him who's overcompensating…\" \"He hasn't even got a beard…\" For a moment, they thought the same thing; I've got to do something about him. You know, I just thought of something. By the time I finish this, it will have been approximately two years since the movie came out. Well, it's about 5:40 in the morning right now. But it's also Sunday. Either way, I'll see you later. Cheers. ~ A. Kingsleigh[Chapter 3] DISCLAIMER: If you recognize it, I don't own it. As the twelve contestants stepped through the front door of the Pirate King's palace, a pair of guards stepped behind them to block it. Only the captain seemed to take note. \"Um, Your Majesty? That...that is just a precaution, isn't it?\" \"Of sorts. Can't have you lot backing out at the last moment, can we?\" \"...Oh.\" The king led them up to the second floor and into a narrow hallway with six doors on each side. \"Take your pick and come to the dining room in half an hour,\" he told them before lumbering off. The Pirate Captain was thrown against the wall as the rest of the contestants stampeded past him. In a matter of seconds, eleven of the rooms were occupied. Only an ugly brown door with water stains and a split in the wood was left. The hinges squealed as he opened it and stepped into what had probably been an abandoned closet that morning. The room was but a few feet wide and just long enough to slot in a tiny bed. Above the foot of it hung a cuckoo clock, and that was that in the matter of furnishings. Lying down on the lumpy mattress and wincing at the creak of the frame, the captain tried to pretend that getting comfortable was possible. Rocking back and forth as though he was in a hammock did nothing. The ticking of the clock rang in his eardrums, and when he tried to put the pillow over his head, he found it nailed down. \"Who does that…?\" The half hour crawled by at a speed that made frozen molasses seem like a bolt of lightning. By the time he heard the clock chiming and his companions rushing down the hall, he was nursing a headache. He stumbled out of bed and brought up the rear, rubbing his temples and plotting a daring escape. A pair of servants pointed them towards the dining room, where the king was sitting at the head of a long table piled with food. There was a spot laid out for each of them, and a whole fish was sitting on each plate. The captain thought he saw his blink at him and timidly grabbed a roll instead. \"Tell me,\" the king shouted as they dug in, \"what do you know of the islands surrounding ours?\" Bellamy waved a hand to get his attention. \"Well, there's - \" \"An archipelago north of here,\" Finch finished. \"Six islands in a horizontally aligned cluster. Uninhabited. Large parrot population.\" \"Very good, Mr. Finch! We've been training those, actually. You'll need to send messages back.\" Picking up a bell, the king rang it loudly. More servants entered, pulling a board with a large map nailed to it. One of the islands was a jagged oval much larger than its companions, which lay to the west and trailed behind it like confused ducklings. \"This, you see, is where you will be going! You will each have your own version of this map in the boats prepared for you.\" Reaching under the table, the king pulled up a wide mahogany box. He flipped open the gold lock, lifted the lid and showed them a row of twelve corked bottles. \" Well? Aren't you coves going to ask what these are?\" Crossbones Nelson, a fellow of skin and bones and little else, raised his hand. \"Special rum?\" \" Absolutely not! It's even better!\" He took one of the bottles and held it into the light. Inside was a rolled-up piece of paper. \" Behold! A map leading to glorious treasure, cut into twelve parts. You each get one. When you get to the islands, you're to hunt one another down until someone gets all of them. That someone finds the treasure, brings it to me and is named Pirate of the Year!\" The contestants jumped up and surged forward as one, grasping at the bottle. \"Not so fast!\" the king shouted, pushing them away. \"I said when you get to the islands! You've still a week.\" \"A week of what?\" \"Your training!\" The next morning, they were shown into the cellar - at least, it had been a cellar. Now it was a veritable gymnasium and then some. On one end were balance beams and fake trees, complete with paper leaves. In the center, carts full of cutlasses and other swords surrounded a roped-off arena. Another set of ropes created a shooting range, with targets at one side and stands of pistols at the other. Squeezed into a corner were a few bookshelves and tables. Most of the pirates immediately went for the weapons. \"Good, good!\" the king laughed as they sparred and shot. \"Surprise combat, that's the pirate method! You are not to kill or maim, however! We must show honor towards our fellows!\" Dodging a pistol that Liz had rapidly discharged and thrown behind her, the captain inched his way to one of the tables and sat down. A thick old book lay open, and he started to flip through it. There were maps, information about weapons, pictures of plants and animals. \"A shame he doesn't think it worthwhile.\" The captain glanced up to see Finch staring down at him. \"Yes, quite. It's a wonder what you can find in these things.\" \"I suppose you wish someone was more lenient towards your type.\" \"...I'm not sure I follow you.\" Finch nodded, turned away and began to amble towards the other end of the room. What had that been all about? Surely he hadn't meant to propose an alliance of some sort. The boy wasn't daft. And neither am I, for that matter. He's a devious one. Devious and severely lacking in proper respect for beards. If the rest of the contestants thought the same, they were more than willing to put it aside. As the week wore on, not an hour went by without one of them approaching Finch with a deal. It was always the same pattern; skip on up while he was resting, flaunt what they had, get shooed off, repeat. After the first day, they began to get more creative. Rum Morgan offered a lifetime's supply of drink. Magpie Eli claimed to know the location of a mermaid's cove. Ugly Mug Nancy wore her lowest cut dress, and even that had no effect. \"It doesn't make any sense!\" Bellamy shouted to himself as he paced the hallway one evening. \"Who wouldn't want what might be a map to Atlantis?\" The captain took a step towards him. \"I would.\" \"I wasn't talking about you.\" Scowling, Bellamy disappeared into his room. \"Well...fine! I don't need you, either!\" the captain shouted after him. \"I'll just do it all by myself! Me against the lot of you...against the...\" I'm doomed.[Chapter 4] Greetings to all! I apologize for the lack of updates. The real world came calling for a few weeks. I chased it off with a flamethrower. Now on to the story! DISCLAIMER: If you recognize it, I don't own it. TONIGHT: PRESENTATION OF PIRATE GAMES CONTESTANTS! 7 O'CLOCK AT THE ANNE BONNY MEMORIAL THEATER ATTENDANCE IS MANDATORY BY ORDER OF THE PIRATE KING The red velvet jacket stuck to his arms and shoulder blades. The belt was studded with glass gems and pulled a little too tight. A little red ribbon tied up his beard and turned its luxuriance to gaudiness. His fingers twitched, aching to tear it all off. \"I don't know about this, Number Two…\" \"Do you want to practice again, sir?\" the Pirate With A Scarf asked as he and the others sat down. Well, it was better than wishing he could punch his reflection. \"Very well.\" \"I'll start!\" the Albino Pirate chirped. Clearing his throat, he lowered his voice in imitation of the king. \"Now, you lubber, what sort of terrible pirate things have you done lately?\" he managed before dissolving into giggles. \"Er...let's see...I've had a few run-ins with Vicky.\" He flinched as the Pirate With Gout set off an air horn in his face, snickering. \"Next question!\" his lad said. \"Now, now. They'll give him more time than that,\" said Jenny. \"But I like this bit!\" The dressing room door opened, and an assistant stuck his head through. \"Five minutes!\" he said before disappearing. \"I think they've saved a few spots out there,\" the captain told his crew. \"You ought to be going.\" They nodded and filed out, casting worried glances over their shoulders. The Pirate With A Scarf was the last to go. \"Just be yourself, sir. You'll do fine.\" \"You think so, Number Two?\" \"I'm ninety-nine point nine percent certain of it.\" \"What are you still doing back here? Out!\" Scarf's protests echoed through the hall as the assistant chased him down it, punctuated by the slaps of broom bristles. The crew members pushed their way to a table just as the auditorium lights were dimming. \"Ladies and gentlemen,\" a voice announced, \"the Pirate King!\" The curtain rose to reveal his shell, which he burst out of with a roar. \" Hello, pirates!\" \"Hello, Pirate King!\" they shouted back, some less enthusiastic than others. \"Settle down!\" he commanded, and the din of the audience subsided to a dull hum. \"As you know, the twelve contestants of our Pirate Games have spent the last week training without relent! Tomorrow, their challenge begins! All but one of them shall fail miserably, but they shall all be able to say that they tried! And it is my honor and privilege to present them to you this evening! Let us welcome our first guest, Mr. Crossbones Nelson!\" And so it began. The first nine of the lot flounced onstage trying to look intimidating. As the king hurled questions at them, they hurled answers right back. It all began to run together after a while; all the talk seemed to be of plundering and ship sinking and who could shout the loudest. The most interesting thing to happen was Liz sauntering on in a dark red gown to a chorus of wolf whistles and throwing her sword between some poor fellow's legs. \"I have no need to pretend that I am fierce. I am so by design.\" \"Good, very good!\" the king said. \"And why do you believe that you will win?\" \"The men will simply give me their pieces. And the women? They will be too envious to notice me stealing them. Isn't that right?\" she said, crossing her legs to thunderous applause. Bellamy came out next, bowing to the crowd. \"Thank you, thank you! You're too kind, really!\" \"Sit down!\" the king snapped. \"What can I say, folks love me.\" \"Why don't you tell them what you've been up to as of late, then?\" \"Well,\" Bellamy said as he leaned back, \"let's just say the Americans are going to get a nasty surprise the next time they check up on Fort Knox.\" The crowd oohed with glee. \"That is quite a feat,\" the Pirate King admitted. \"However did you do it? What are your strengths?\" \"Oh, too many to list. Next!\" The king rolled his eyes but continued nonetheless. \"What makes you think you can win this competition?\" \"Because I'm clever,\" he answered, a sly smile spreading across his face. \"We're almost done, I assure you,\" the king told the audience as Bellamy departed. \"Next, the Pirate Captain.\" The auditorium was nearly silent as he crept into view. The only cheers came from his crew. \"Come on, Captain! You're going to be brilliant!\" \"Er...thank you,\" he said with a timid wave. He dropped into the chair, trying to avoid the king's evil eye. \"Lovely to be here…\" \"What are your recent accomplishments?\" the king snapped. \"Spit it out!\" \"I-I've made a fool of Queen Victoria. Then I found a plot to steal some silver and took it myself. Couldn't have done it without my lads.\" \"No one cares about your crew!\" \"But…\" \"Now, what can you do well?\" The captain was still in a daze. \"I'm good with a cutlass, I suppose.\" \"And what are you doing here when you could be off someplace where you're wanted?\" \"Because...because I want to say that I gave it a go,\" he answered, standing up. \"That's all I want, really.\" \"Good, because that's all you're going to get!\" The king pushed him offstage while the audience cheered. \"And now, my subjects, the moment you have been waiting for! The best saved for last! Presenting Mr. James Finch!\" They applauded and looked to the edge of the stage, but there was no Finch. Then they jumped as the auditorium doors swung open. \"Pardon me. Coming through. No autographs just yet.\" \"Finch, what in Neptune's name are you doing?\" the king demanded. Finch ambled through the rows of seats, smiling and nodding to the audience members as he passed. \"I'm a man of the people, Your Majesty. Afraid it can't be cured.\" The king paused before chuckling. \"Good man! We need more like you!\" \"I hope there are,\" he said, taking his seat. \"Tell us of your exploits, Mr. Finch!\" \"Besides the obvious, I assume.\" He pretended to think for a few moments. \"I took down a galleon and captured a dozen Spaniards at the Battle of Cazurra.\" \"You don't say!\" \"I remember you being there as well, Your Majesty. Yes, you stayed safe on your boat and watched the carnage.\" \"...Well, what would we do if I was to be killed?\" \"Quite true, quite true.\" \"Now, your strengths as a pirate, Mr. Finch?\" He turned to the audience, ignoring the king completely. \"I make plans. I master all battles and leave my enemies in confusion. I am a leader.\" The king was giving him a dark look. \"And why do you…\" \"I don't think that I will win,\" Finch said. \"I can assure you that I will. Am I not right?\" The audience leapt to its feet and began to cheer. \"Finch!\" they cheered. \"Finch! Finch! Finch!\" Now the king was glaring outright. The captain, who had been watching from the wings, slipped away. \"Fine thing for him we weren't sittin' closer,\" Emma muttered to herself as she stomped down the wharf. \"Would have fed him his own teeth, I would…\" Scarf sighed. \"Keep up with her,\" he told the others before heading back towards the theater. The captain was standing on the sidewalk watching as the other contestants met with the crowds before being loaded into their carriages. \"You kept your composure very well, sir.\" \"What I am I doing, Number Two?\" \"Er...standing?\" \"Tomorrow morning, they're just going to gang up on me the moment we get to those islands. I'm doomed by myself.\" \"And what makes you think you know that?\" \" Really?\" Scarf looked down for a second, thinking. \"Do you know how they're supposed to be keeping up with you?\" \"Parrots. We're to send messages back so they can see who's where and let us check with ours crews. So?\" \"Just send us a note whenever you need some advice! That's allowed, isn't it?\" \"Everything short of killing someone's allowed.\" \"Then you've got nothing to worry about! Just keep your focus on the game and let us do the worrying for you.\" The captain laughed a bit. \"Oh, you lot do enough of that already.\" He put a hand on the first mate's shoulder. \"You're in charge if I don't come back. Understood?\" \"You'll be fine, Captain.\" \"Come along!\" an assistant said, pulling the captain away as another carriage pulled up to the curb. \"You've a long day ahead.\" The captain managed a tip of his hat before being shoved inside. Scarf watched it pull away and didn't move until it had disappeared around a curve. Understood, sir.[Chapter 5] What's this? Can I really be still alive? Indeed I am! I know I haven't been very good with updates lately. Blame college prep and Frozen, among other things. I'll try to do better. In the meantime, enjoy more Captain abuse. DISCLAIMER: If you recognize it, I don't own it. The next day, all of Blood Island was up with the sun. The pirates yawned and shivered in the early morning cold as they filed down the streets and squeezed onto the wharf. The less burly attendees were unceremoniously pushed into the water by others straining to get a better view. In the back of the crowd stood the captain's crew, making a valiant attempt to be as small as possible. Each pair of eyes was turned out to sea. Just beyond the harbor floated the Pirate King's ship, its hull covered in gilding and gems. New sails with a Jolly Roger sewn in deep blue thread waved in the breeze. On the deck, the twelve contestants poked playful fights with one another and waved back at the wharf. Ten of them did, anyway. \"Beautiful day, innit?\" Bellamy said as the slapped the captain on the back, reveling in his discomfort. \"Shame you have to spend it here.\" The Pirate Captain flinched at the move. \"Quite.\" He looked at Finch, who was standing on the other end of the deck. The man was watching the sea, not the wharf, and his body seemed to tense with hungry impatience. Instinctively, the captain stepped away. He scanned the wharf for his friends, but the mass of jeering faces had swallowed them up. Normally I'd say don't worry about me, but anyone who'd like to is more than welcome. A burst of trumpeting broke the sleepiness on the wharf, and the crowd cheered as a golden barge came sailing into view. Flags and banners adorned its sides, and on its deck stood the Pirate King. \"Hello, pirates!\" he roared into a megaphone. \"Today, we begin a new tradition! A new legacy! You will look back on this day with pride and say 'I was here when it all began'...\" Twelve sailboats gathered behind the king's ship as he spoke, each manned by a servant. They were short, narrow vessels, enough room for a chest in the stern and little else. The last one in the procession sagged deeper in the water than the others, and it squeaked as it rocked back and forth. \"That one's mine, I suppose,\" the captain said to himself. The other contestants lined up along the edge of the deck, forcing him to the last spot. Each of the boats pulled up next to the ship, and each of the pirates climbed down a rope ladder to switch places with the servant. Once in control, they steered themselves into a line in front of the ship. The captain wobbled as he dropped into the boat. He took a step towards the wheel, and his boot stuck on a glob of freshly laid tar. \"Um…\" \"You coming or not?\" Bellamy yelled back, already taking his place in the line. \"Yes, yes, just wait a moment!\" Picking himself free, he tugged once at the tangled rigging. The sails raised, wobbled and collapsed over his head in a pile of fabric. \"Can we hold for a while?\" he asked, trying to dig his way out. \"I think I've got a technical difficulty...or several…\" One of the Pirate King's servants handed him a gold-plated pistol. \"People of Blood Island!\" he bellowed as he aimed it at the sky. \"Welcome to the First Annual Pirate Games!\" He fired a shot, and eleven of the twelve hoisted their sails. \"Wait!\" the captain squeaked as he poked his head out. \"I'm not ready yet! This isn't very cricket, you know! What's going on? No, don't leave! I...fine, I don't need these sails anyway!\" Tossing them overboard, he wrenched a loose bench from its place and began to paddle wildly. His boat drifted forward, pushed and pulled by the bulging waves. \"Ha!\" he shouted. \"You lot won't be rid of me that early! You're lucky you aren't going a bit slower…\" \"Hooray for the captain!\" Albino Pirate shouted, clapping and jumping for joy. His companions cheered with him, only raising their voices when they noticed the glares from the crowd. Looking back, Finch raised an eyebrow. Interesting fellow, this captain. The dawn turned to noon, and the noon turned to dusk. Eleven of the boats raced towards their destination, colliding with each other in playful attempts to sink the competition. The twelfth needed no such help. \"I'm...still coming!\" the captain declared with what little breath he still had. By this time, it was only to himself. He slapped his makeshift oar against the water's surface with both hands, and his left foot was plugging a split in the hull. \"Don't need sails...would be nice, I must admit...extraneous but nice…\" A glimpse at the setting sun only made him feel even weaker. His head drooped, and the oar slipped from his hands. Where's everyone else? And where am I, for that matter? Perhaps he could use the stars to find his way when it got dark. Perhaps the islands were invisible and he was nearly upon them. Perhaps he could turn around, go home and forget he'd ever had this silly plan. Perhaps...why were his boots wet? The split had grown, and water was flowing into the hull. Standing up, the captain was swept overboard just as the whole boat sank out of sight. The chest stayed up, bobbing a few times before starting to float off. \"Oh no you don't!\" Kicking against the waves, the captain managed to grab one of the chest's handles and pull himself onto the lid. \"I'll have you know, this is not how I intend to die!\" he shouted, gripping his perch with white knuckles. \"I'd much rather fall off Mount Everest into Mount Vesuvius while punching a zombie! Do you understand?\" The ocean did indeed understand, not that it cared. It picked the chest up and flung it forward, causing the captain to lose his grip. He screamed and flailed as he went flying through the air. \"Can you at least let me not drown?\" He landed face-first on something firm. Very, very wet, but firm. When he picked himself up, he had a mouthful of sand. Um...thank you. Better than nothing, I suppose. Maybe. I promise to get something better up soon.[Chapter 6] What's this? I'm still alive? Indeed I am! Sorry for the long wait between these chapters. I'm working on several other projects, and I'm getting ready to start college in the fall. But I promise that I'll keep working on the Piratesverse. Unless The Book of Life manages to completely steal me away when it comes out, which it might. Seriously, go watch the trailer for that if you haven't already. It looks brilliant. But I digress. We have more Captain torture to do! DISCLAIMER: If you recognize it, I don't own it. The captain wasn't quite sure which feat was more impressive: landing on the island or somehow not managing to see it until he did. However, the sand forcing its way down his throat constituted a more pressing matter. He pounded his chest as he coughed, flinging it back onto the ground with a pinch of stomach acid in tow. After brushing off his tongue, he finally staggered to his feet and dared to look around. A few more feet to the left, and he would have been dashed to pieces on a sharp rock jutting from the sand. Dozens of them were scattered up and down the yellowish-brown beach. The sand traveled ahead of him several more yards before turning to black dirt. A thick wall of jungle put a stop to it altogether. Something wet touched the captain's thigh, but he was too tired to jump and shriek over it; it was only the chest washed ashore, anyway. Kneeling, he ripped off the rotting lid and peered inside. Only a glass bottle containing a scrap of paper remained, floating in a salty pool sprung from a hole in the wood. Everything else - food, weapons, a chance at getting back home alive - had washed away through the remains of the lid. Stuffing the bottle in his beard, he pushed the chest back out to sea and watched it sink. I can't let them know I'm here… \"Oi! You see that fellow, Nan?\" Two women were eying him from the other end of the long beach. \"Just washed up. Must be that old cap'n.\" Ugly Mug Nancy either laughed or impaled a donkey. \"Come 'long, then! Easy pickins!\" Then they blinked, and a set of tracks zipping up the beach into the jungle was all they had left of the captain. He screamed as he ran, tripping over roots and slamming into trees. Flocks of parrots abandoned their nests in fright, squawking out his position to the whole island. Finally skidding to a stop, he flung himself into the first bush that looked large enough to hold him. \"Quiet!\" he hissed, slapping his face. \" Honestly, man.\" This was no different than his adventure with the Carnivorous Cassowaries, and that had simply been a matter of shutting up. Drawing his knees up to his chin, he curled into a ball and waited. Within moments, the sound of exhausted breaths and foliage being crushed came rushing up next to him. \"I thought ya said 'e went this way!\" Nancy shouted. He could see her boots through the leaves. \"Don't go lookin' at me! I'm not the one who saw 'im in the first place - \" She was cut off by a loud, echoing slap. \"Why, you little…get back 'ere!\" They went barreling away once more, their shrill insults bouncing through the air before fading away. Bit by bit, the captain unfurled himself from his fetal position and crawled out of the bush. Grabbing a branch, he pulled himself back to his feet, took two shaky steps forward and promptly fainted dead away. Feathers were tickling his nose. \"Polly...oh, Polly, I've had the most dreadful nightmare…\" \"Take me back to dear old Bliiiightyyyy…\" The Pirate Captain's eyes shot up at the screeching voice. A parrot was sitting on his face, and it squawked at him again before flying away. He sat up, massaging his sore neck. Poseidon's pancreas, how long was I out? Most of the day, from the looks of it. A thin crescent moon hung above him in the black sky, surrounded by stars. The trees were becoming swallowed up by shadow, closing around him like a wall. Digging his fingers into the dirt, he pulled himself to his feet. As he grabbed a branch for support, his eyes happened to dart upwards. In the distance, a faint trail of smoke was wafting up from a flickering orange glow. The parrot was hovering around it, still singing. Someone had to have taught him that. The captain lifted a foot and stepped forward. He flinched at the sound of crunching leaves, but nothing more followed. Gulping, he crept towards the source of the light. The plants gently rustled as he pushed his way through them, but it could just as easily have been the wind. The owner of the deep voice he heard as he approached was not so lucky. \"Drop me on the train to London Toooown…\" \"Peg-Leg?\" The other pirate was sitting before a crude fire, a stick in one hand and a flask in the other. \"Put me anywhere, take me anywhere!\" he slurred as he waved the stick about like a conductor's baton. \"Even if…\" He paused, then went cross-eyed and slumped backwards. Part of his coat brushed aside as he fell, revealing a glass bottle tied to his belt. Inside it was a rolled-up scrap of paper. You must be joking! The Pirate Captain laughed, then clapped a hand over his mouth. Peg-Leg twitched in his stupor and licked his lips, but he did not wake. \"Easy there, Peg-Leg,\" the captain said, walking towards him. \"No need to fuss - \" CRRRCH. Peg-leg's bloodshot eyes flew open. \"Who's there?\" he shouted, bolting into a sitting position. The captain, his foot still atop the broken bundle of sticks, could only stare in horror while his mouth hung open. Peg-Leg looked behind him, then to his right. As he turned to look to his left, he muttered something under his breath. Closing his eyes, he lay down again. A few more minutes, and his breathing was even once more. The captain still waited five more minutes before even daring to move his fingers. The breath he'd been holding in came out as a wheeze. \"Now that won't do at all. Think of the lads.\" I am! another part of him seemed to answer. And if you don't mind, I'd like to get back to them as fast as possible. \"And bring your humiliation down on their heads?\" The voice seemed to understand, as it slipped off grumbling. Kneeling before Peg-Leg, the captain flexed his fingers and reached for the bottle. The strings tying it to the belt were weak and snapped apart with a light tug. Smiling, the captain began to pull his arm back. \"That wasn't so hard…\" Then Peg-Leg yawned and rolled over, pinning the bottle and the captain's hand beneath his girth. I ought to simply stop talking. Wiping away the cold sweat dripping down his face, the Pirate Captain tried to push Peg-Leg back. The prone man wouldn't budge. Very well, we'll do this the interesting way. He began to inch his hand backwards. Each time it moved, Peg-Leg flinched. The captain's heart was actively trying to crawl up his throat by now, and the clammy sweat on his hand was making it harder to grip the bottle. Still, nearly there… \"Need some help?\" The captain's head shot up. Standing in front of him, hands on his hips and bemusement on his face, was Finch. Hooray for cliffhangers![Chapter 7] From now until the end of July, I'll be working on an original story via Camp NaNoWriMo. But don't worry, I know how things work over there this time. I should be able to balance meeting the daily word quota and working on my other fics. Like this one! Yay! So for now, enjoy more Captain craziness. DISCLAIMER: I only own James Finch, and even that is up for debate. In every good pirate's life, there will come a time where he stands at a crossroads. His fame, his dignity, his very pirateness will be on the line. If he wishes to emerge from this tempestuous moment as a legend, then he must recognize that his pirateness is most certainly worth fighting for. Or he can do what the Pirate Captain did. The captain took one look at Finch and practically jumped out of his boots. Whipping around, he ran back into the safety of the carnivore-infested jungle, screaming like a little girl all the way. It didn't take him long to jog headfirst into a tree, and no time at all after that to jog up the tree. Once he found the highest branch there was, he hoisted himself up onto it and curled into a trembling ball. As the adrenaline slowly drained from his body, the captain unfurled himself and began to pout. \"Fool. You could have at least grabbed the bottle while you were at it. What, are you mad? You wouldn't have gotten out of there alive! He knows you're here now. He's probably planning to cut out your liver and eat it. Then at least make a last stand! March up and say 'would you like some beans and a glass of Chianti with that, sir?'\" \"I believe I would find a pirate liver thoroughly indigestible. Too much rum going through it.\" Finch was sitting on the branch below him, staring up with a serene expression. \"Don't you think, captain?\" \" Neptune's morning breath!\" Flinching, the Pirate Captain tumbled off his branch and landed in front of Finch. \"H-How on earth did you…?\" The strange, small smile did not leave Finch's face. \"Yes?\" \"...Look, if you really are going to do something dreadful to me, just up and get it over with.\" \"Very well, then.\" Reaching into the pocket of his coat, Finch fished around in its depths for a few moments before resurfacing. \"I believe you dropped these back there.\" \"These?\" The captain opened his eyes and uncoiled. He looked from Finch's outstretched hand to his eyes and then back again. \"You're joking.\" \"I swear I'm not.\" With trembling fingers and a few uncertain pauses, the captain reached out and took the two glass bottles with their map pieces. \"Yours and Peg-Leg's,\" Finch explained. \"Yes…\" \"You still don't trust me.\" \"And you're surprised?\" \"A bit, yes. I just did you a grand favor.\" \"I've no idea what's going on in your head. You don't seem to trust any of us.\" \"The others? No, I suppose I don't. We've nothing to offer each other. I doubt they would hold up their end of a bargain anyhow.\" He paused. \"But then there's you, Captain.\" \" Me?\" Finch nodded as though it was the most obvious thing in the world. \"I've watched you ever since we got to the palace.\" \"I'm going to pretend that doesn't sound creepy.\" \"You've seen how the rest of them were acting! They can't see past the thought of a few moments' glory. Useless. But you're in this for the thrill of it, aren't you?\" \"To be perfectly honest, I'd really just like to go home at this point…\" Finch laughed, a light and vaguely mocking sound. \"Let me ask you this, captain: what's the best thing about being a pirate?\" The captain was silent. \"Well, go on!\" Scooting a few more inches away from him, the captain cleared his throat. \"We had quite the debate about that, actually. \"And?\" \"Well, Number Two says it's about who you are inside. That's got something to do with the adventures, I think. And the crew. And my beard!\" Finch's smile widened. \"I see I made a wise choice.\" \"Concerning what?\" \"Concerning the matter of who I intend to form an alliance with.\" The captain furrowed his brows. \"Er…\" \"Will you at least listen to my offer, sir?\" \"Yes, of course, but I don't see how this is supposed to do you any good.\" \"It's not meant to do me good. It's meant to do us good.\" Reaching into another coat pocket, he pulled out his own bottle and tossed it up and down. \"At the moment, we have three of the map pieces between us. Only nine more. How good are you at taking other people's things, Captain?\" \"I'm more comfortable with taking my own things back, really.\" \"Imagine those pieces are all yours, then. You'll go after the ones I tell you we need, and I'll handle the tougher ones. We'll have them all by the end of the week!\" He sounded truly excited at the thought. \"And then what happens?\" the captain asked, one foot still grounded in reality. \"Then it's very simple, of course. We track down the treasure, sail back to Blood Island and claim the trophy together. Don't worry, I'll handle the king's objections. You'll get what you deserve.\" \"And suppose I decide to turn on you and take the whole map for myself?\" \"You won't,\" Finch answered, a glimmer in his eyes. \"It's not in your nature, Captain. I can tell.\" A few seconds passed before the captain answered \"...What will you do to me if I say no?\" \"Are you planning to say no?\" \"I'm not sure yet.\" \"Why, I shall do nothing at all. You may go free and forget this ever happened if that's what you want. I'll even let you keep Peg-Leg's bottle.\" He looked at the bottle in his hand, then tossed it to the captain. \"Here.\" \"What's this for?\" \"Proof.\" Finch stood up. \"My camp is a mile north of here. The tallest tree. If you change your mind, that is.\" He jumped off the branch, and then he had vanished into the inky darkness. \"Show off,\" the captain muttered, leaning back against the tree trunk. \"He doesn't need you and he knows it.\" He looked down at the bottles, letting the moonlight shine over them. The map pieces were still there, alright, or Finch was a frighteningly good copier. Why would he give them to me if he's just going to steal them back? \"Captain!\" a voice shouted from below. There was Peg-Leg, repeatedly walking into the trunk of the tree his rival was in. \"Ya can't hide from me, Captain…!\" It took several more minutes for him to finally turn to the left and wander off. Taking one more look at the bottles, the captain stuffed them in his beard. A mile north, he said? It was a giant of a tree, rising neatly above all its neighbors. The trunk was broad, thick and nearly as wide as the deck of the Pirate Ship was long. Its roots stuck out of the dirt like obese brown snakes that twisted around one another. High above the captain's head, the branches spread out in a canopy of dark leaves. \"Hello?\" he called out, craning his neck upwards. \"Mr. Finch?\" \"About time you showed up.\" Finch was behind him, lounging against a rock. \"I've been expecting you.\" \"This isn't about getting help from you,\" the captain answered. \"It's about protection. I only want to get back to my crew in one piece.\" \"You're welcome all the same.\" Walking past the captain, Finch picked up a rock and flung it at one of the lower branches. It rustled as it was hit, and a mossy, deep green vine came tumbling down from where one end had been tied. Finch caught the other end as it fell to his height. \"Care for the grand tour?\"[Chapter 8] DISCLAIMER: If you recognize it, I don't own it. Let's go on the grand tour, he said. It'll be fun, he said. Well, perhaps not fun, but climbing up that vine seemed deceivingly simple when Finch did it. \"How the devil are you managing this?\" the captain said as he slid down several inches. The moss on the vine was making it slip through his hands, leaving dark green smears on his palms. When he tried to grab further up, he couldn't get his hand to stay still. \"Er, a little help would be appreciated…\" Finch looked down, saw what was happening and rolled his eyes. \"Just stay there, if you can.\" The Pirate Captain wrapped his arms and legs around the vine, curling himself into the closest approximation of a ball, and watched Finch shimmy up the rest of the way. \"How exactly is this going to AAAAGGGGHHHH!\" He nearly fell off the vine as Finch began to pull it up with him on it. A few harrowing seconds later, he flopped onto the branch in a trembling mess. Slowly unfurling himself, he staggered to his feet. \"I suppose that's one way to take care of these things.\" \"Please tell me you know how to climb branches,\" Finch said. \"Of course! Just need to get my bearings...how many branches are we talking about, exactly?\" Their path went up and around the side of the tree, towards the top of the trunk. At one point, the captain knocked on the bark and heard a faint echo. \"Is this thing hollow?\" \"To a point. A rare phenomenon.\" The top of the trunk dipped down, forming a crevice, and at the center was a large hole with a rope ladder attached. The captain's gaze followed its descent, down into the cavernous, candlelit interior of the tree. \"Well, that's...that's quite a thing.\" Finch stepped onto the ladder and began to climb down. \"That's just the beginning.\" Inside, there was enough room to stand up and several feet more. Lanterns holding candlesticks lined the walls. A hammock was strung up between two poles. A large square table held stacks of scrolls and books, another held baskets of food and a third held many swords and guns. A small box of woodcarving tools had been kicked off into the shadows. The captain saw them and said nothing. Finch immediately went to the first table. \"I've analyzed the abilities of each contestant and arranged them by threat level,\" he explained as he brushed away the scrolls, picked up one and unrolled it on the table surface. \"1 is least credible, 12 is most credible.\" \"Out of curiosity, where am I?\" Finch didn't even look up. \"Removing ourselves from the list leaves ten. You handle the bottom five, and I'll handle the top five. How does that sound, captain?\" \"Makes sense, I suppose.\" \"Correct.\" Finch handed him a smaller scroll. \"I would start with Nancy. She's set up camp half a mile east of here.\" \"...Oh, joybiscuits.\" \"Did yeh ever see where that twat scurried off to, Mack?\" Ugly Mug Nancy asked, more than a hint of venom in her tone. Mackerel Moll was pulling off her boots, and several of the bushes around her rustled as the smell of her feet made the surrounding animals flee in terror. \"Gone wi'out a trace, that one. Sneaky little blighter.\" Moll's back was turned to Nancy, who picked up a branch and started to creep towards her. \"Ah, we'll find 'im 'fore long. He'll be the second-easiest.\" Moll paused, then began to reach for the knife on her belt. \"An' who's the easiest, then?\" \" You.\" Moll jumped up and whirled around, pulling the knife from its sheath. She was fast, but Nancy was faster. The branch came down upon her head with a crack, and she sank to the ground unconscious. Nancy plucked the bottle from her belt and held it up next to her own, watching them glow in the firelight. \"Not too bad, Nan…\" \"My thoughts exactly. You missed a part, though. She was the second-easiest - \" \"Just grab the bottles!\" \"Alright, alright!\" A dark shape with a vine tied around its waist came falling out of the trees. Nan stepped backwards and watched the captain crash to the ground in front of her. \"I thought I'd tied that,\" the captain muttered, rolling over. He blanched as he looked up at Nancy. \"Oh, hello. Suppose you'd be against a do-over, I suppose.\" Nan answered with a kick to the face and ran off. \"I'll take care of her,\" Finch said as he dropped down from the tree, landing on the captain in the process. \"You head back to the base and stay there.\" He was gone without another word, and the captain could feel blood trickling from his nose. Sensational. It took him half an hour to make his way back to the hideout and half an hour more for Finch to return. \"I tried to warn you,\" he said through a nose full of bloody rags. \"Do I get a second chance or shall you just toss me out right now?\" \"Neither.\" Finch put the two bottles away, then tossed the captain a satchel. \"I've a new plan for you.\" Opening the satchel, the captain found a telescope and a rudimentary map of the island. \"What am I supposed to do with these?\" \"You'll be my scout and my bait.\" \"I beg your pardon?\" \"They're all after you, captain. They think you'll be the quickest to take down. That's why it'll be easy for you to find them, why they'll follow you right into my traps. Do you understand?\" \"Yes…\" \"So you'll do it.\" \"I...I need a moment. Or three.\" The captain knew he was probably carving out a moat around the tree, but he couldn't bring himself to care. It's too dangerous, he thought as he continued to pace. He's only using you, and he's going to get you killed. What will your lads do after that? He kicked at the dirt and hit a rock by mistake. \"Ow!\" \"Yeah, you gotta watch out for those.\" He froze. \"Bellamy?\" \"Good to see you, too.\" He was sitting on one of the lower branches of the tree, smiling down at his rival. \"How's the fisherman treating the worm?\" \"You heard about that?\" \"I hear everything.\" He dropped next to the captain, making him flinch. \"Or I just happened to be passing by.\" \"I won't do it, Bellamy. I don't trust him.\" \"And right you are. Guy's gonna drop you like a sack of moldy hardtack, just you wait.\" \"I'm not going to wait.\" \"So you're gonna drop him first.\" \"I'll have nothing to do with him whatsoever!\" \"Shame. I like my idea better.\" He pulled a flask from his coat and took a swig. \"I'm assuming he thinks you're stupid. Or stupider, let's put it that way.\" \"You're not off to a very good start.\" \"Point is, he's not expecting you to do something he doesn't tell you to. Like, say, leading the other guys away from him so we can take the pieces for ourselves.\" The captain raised an eyebrow. \"We?\" \"No one said you only had to form one alliance.\" \"So now you want to form an alliance with me?\" Bellamy put a hand on his shoulder. \"Look, captain: I know that you didn't sign up for this. You'd rather be off sailing around trying to get yourself killed or whatever it is you do. Well, that makes two of us. You stick with Finch, he's gonna turn on you. You stick with only Finch, you won't have anyone to help you when he does.\" \"I know.\" Bellamy pressed something into his hand. \"Then do something about it,\" he said before vanishing into the forest. When the captain opened his hand, he found Bellamy's bottle. He's surely got plenty of his own by now. He looked up at the tree, then down at his hand, then slipped the bottle into his beard. You're right, Bellamy. He is going to turn on me, and so will you. Which is why I'll be ready for you both. ","Summary":" I HAVE RETURNED! NaNoWriMo was fun (I won, BTW. Yay.), but it's time to get back into the normal ro"},{"Movie":"Independence Day","Title":"Independence Day 2: Terra Solar System Battles","Author":"SithDan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11904030","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Please Note all characters and rights of the Independence day Franchise belong to Roland Emmerich and Dean Devlin. Please note that this Independence Day story is My own and I used some of the character names from the Independence day Franchise. Recovery, New Technology and Preparations after the Humans of Earth were able to defeat the Aliens attacking them by sending one of their fighter spacecraft that the Humans of earth have recovered sense the Latest 1960's and tried to Repair. Captain Steven Hiller and Computer Scientist David Levinson abroad the ship to go to the Alien mother ship in orbit around their Planet. after infiltration the Alien Mother ship they would upload a Computer Virus into the Alien Computer software that made their Defensive shields protection their Ships be lowered and valuable to Enemy fire. after their shields were down they found out that to destroy the City destroyers on Earth that they needed to Target the City Destroyers Main weapon; they destroyed the Alien mother ship by launch a Nuclear missile that was attach to the Alien Fighter Spacecraft the they took to Infiltration the Mother ship. a few Weeks after Defeating the Aliens Mankind began the Long road of Recovering and Rebuilding their Civilization to it former glory. they estimated that out of 5.76 billion people living on the Earth before the Aliens attacks and they went were able to find a way to defeat the aliens that they lost over 5.184 billion lives: 90% of the Planets Population and that their were less than 576 million survivors remaining went they were able to defeat the Aliens. they estimated that it would take 20 years to rebuild they civilization to its former glory would cost over 2 Trillion dollars. the United Nations or U.N. decided that it was time to aside their Nation Feuds and their Planets largest Religions Feuds and Begin to Work together as One United Race to Solve their Civilization's Problems and to combine all their Planet's Natural Resources into rebuilding their Civilization. they would to have one voice instead of Any to talk to another Intelligent Aliens species that might came to Earth to Make Peaceful Contract. the U.N. decided to by reformed and Reorganized into the First United Earth Planetary Government called the United Earth Republic or U.E.R of short. the U.E.R. was Similar to Earth's Planetary State: United states of America Government system but with a Few differences. the U.E.R. would have a copy of the United States Constitution to have a Basic Foundation. 1st instead of having 2 main houses of government the U.E.R would have one Main Governing body called the U.E.R. House of Representatives that would have 295 Representatives(1 to 2 sometimes 3 Representatives to Represent each Planetary State Equally) to Represent of all the Planetary States of Planet U.E.R. House of Representatives would to due the incredible long an complex decisions that would effect the Future or the Planet like New Planet Laws, the organization the supply of the Planet's Natural Resources, to determine How large the United Earth Republic Military forces would in time of Peace and it times of War. 2nd the United Earth Republic would a small governing council made of 15 Members(Included the President of the U.E.R.) that would make the Quick Decisions for the United Earth Republic, like if Earth was suddenly attack by an Alien Race that might try to Exterminate them and take their Planet Resources then the Governing Council could Quickly response to the threat by send a Strike force to Retaliate against the Threat. as of May 1997 the people of Earth are well underway of Rebuilding their Civilization to its former glory. the U.E.R. decided to introduce a new section to their Military called the Interstellar Research and Defense or I.R.D for short. the U.E.R. decided to transfer 20% of all their Planets Military Resources to the I.R.D. to be able to response and Defend Earth from any Interstellar Threats that might threaten Earth. they decided to have some of their Planetary State Military and some of the World's best scientists that survived the Alien attack to the founding members of the I.R.D. the U.E.R. would a few of the follow Military officers and Scientists to some of the found members of the I.R.D.: General William Grey(American), Lt. General Anna Alexandra(Russian), Major General Choa Cheng(Chinese) Brigadier Alice Annabel(British), Colonel Marcos Aristide(French), Newly Promoted Lt. Colonel Michell along with New Promoted Major Steven Hiller. Some of the Scientists in the I.R.D. included David Levinson and Daniel Wilson and other Scientists from around the world. the U.E.R. decided to Build 60 massive(10 on each continent not Antarctica) I.R.D. bases across the Planet to defense planet from any Hostile Interstellar threats and to make Peaceful first Contact with other Alien Races that wanted to coexist with the Human Race and to become friends install of Enemy's. the U.E.R. estimated that it would take 7 years to build all the I.R.D. bases and would cost 3 billion Dollars to have ready for service by 2004. the U.E.R. ordered most of Earth's best Scientific minds and Engineers to go into the Wreckage of the Alien attack ships that were destroyed to try find savage Alien database to find out more about them and to try to understand they reasons for attack them and to try to savage some of the Alien Technology to study and to begin Reverse Engineering to advance Mankind's Technology to develop New Advanced Defensive Technology like the alien Shield generation Technology to defend themselves against any threat either Human or Interstellar; New Advanced Offensive Technology like the Alien's advanced fighter spacecraft laser weapon systems to defend themselves against an interstellar threat or to attack an interstellar threat. maybe new Advanced Proportion from New aircraft or Spacecraft to be built to defend their Home world from an Interstellar threat or explore the universe; New Advance life support systems like Artificial Gravity plating for Human's to stay in space with suffering from the effect of weightiness over a long period of time or Inertia dampeners to decrease the gravity force or G force for Short that went an aircraft or spacecraft are travel at extreme high speed to not be Crushed by the extreme G force pushing against them and other life support systems. the U.E.R. government setup branch of infrastructure call the Interstellar Technology Research, develop and Production into their civilization's Economy to introduce new Advance Technology to the People. they decided build over 120(20 on each continent but not Antarctica) Interstellar Technology Research, Develop and Production Facilities or I.R.D.P. Facilities or short across the planet to Research, Develop and Production interstellar Technology and to understand how it works to Reverse Engineer it and create New Technology for Mankind to use to improve their daily lives or to Defend Earth from an Interstellar threat. the U.E.R. estimated that cost of Building all these I.R.D.P. facilities would be a little more than 60 billion dollars and that all the I.R.D.P facilities would be complete and ready for service by 2002. as of March of 2002 the People of Earth are continuing to Rebuild their Civilization back to it's former glory. the Population of Earth Went from 576 Million People in 1996 after the Aliens attacked to over 864 million people living on the Planet as of 2002. the U.E.R. have complete construction of their New I.R.D.P. facilities and are ready for service to Defend and to Begin Mass Production of New Advanced Human Technology by Researching and Reserve engineer advance Alien Technology. over the years of Recovery time; Major Steven Hiller and his Family have growing sense the Alien's failed attack on Earth. he and Dylan (his Stepson) have gotten a lot closer and have formed a very tight Father-son Bond between each other to were Dylan has accepted Steven his father and agreed to change have is last name changed to his Stepfather's, his Name is Now Dylan Hiller. Steven Hiller and his wife:Jasmine Hiller had 2 more children: a Boy and Girl named Steven Hiller Jr. born on July 6, 1998 and Jessica Hiller on October 18, 1999. Steven and Jasmine were every happy that they have 2 more children along with Dylan. Dylan was a little jealous at first because his parents would pay most of their attention to his other Siblings because they were younger but they got along with each other because he knew that he would need to watch and take care of them went his Parents were to business. Steven, Jasmine and Dylan Hiller waited a few months after the Alien attack for the Recover and clean crews to clean up a few Road routes to Los Angles and inside L.A. to a few Residential areas to clean up and Rebuild a few Schools for Dylan to return to school and continue learning. after a few Months their returned and Dylan continue his Education. over the years as Dylan continue his Education he decided to Join the I.R.D. and become a Fighter pilot like his Stepfather and a Scientist/Engineer to learn about Advance technology and to help design New Technology for Mankind to use in their Daily lives and to defend themselves from Interstellar Threats. In Late February of 2002, the U.E.R. scientists and engineers have Finally after years of around the Clock Research and Develop have develop a New Advance Missile system prototype by learn from how scientist David Levinson found out that the Alien Technology were valuable to a Computer virus that cause they defensive shield technology to lower their Shields. they said that it Theory can take a Regular Missile or a heat-seeker missile though the Alien defensive shields by having a Multi-frequency transmitter installed into the Missile that can chance frequencies in a Faction second to find the same frequency as the Alien Defensive shields to Penetrate though them. they Tested the New Advance missile systems by firing a missile with a Multi-frequency transmitter install into it at savaged Alien fighter spacecraft to see if it works. they waited a few Seconds and watch as the Missile was able to Penetrate though the Alien defensive shields and destroy the Alien fight spacecraft. they give the New Advance Missile system prototype to the U.E.R. government to begin massive producing the 1st New Advance Human Military Technology to have to defend against any Human or Interstellar spacecraft threats. as of July of 2008 the People of Earth are continuing to Rebuild their Civilization back to it's former glory. the Population of Earth went from 764 Million People in 2002 to over 1.728 Billion people living on the Planet as of 2008. the U.E.R. have complete construction of their New I.R.D. base and are ready for service to Defend Earth from Interstellar threats Like the Aliens that attack them over 12 years ago. over the years the U.E.R. scientists and engineers have finally after 12 years of around the Clock Research and Develop have being able to Reserve engineer some of the Alien Fighter spacecraft Laser weapon systems and create the following their own laser weapon systems like a massive Laser Anti-spacecraft turret(in Early April of 2006), laser Pistol (In Mid June of 2004), Laser Rifle( In August of 2004), and a Laser machine gun turret(in Late May of 2005) from studying the Alien fighter spacecraft Laser weapon systems. the U.E.R. scientists and engineers said in theory that the Laser Anti-spacecraft turret design can Drain an Alien Fighter spacecraft shield strength drain by 20% with each shot unlike conventional Projectile basic weapons had no effect on draining the Alien fighter spacecraft shield strength. they test the Anti-spacecraft Turret by firing an a Savage Alien Fight Spacecraft the has it Shields up and fired. after 5 shorts the Alien fighter spacecraft shields were down proving their Theory. they give the Anti-spacecraft turret Prototype to the U.E.R. goverment to begin producing the 2nd Advance Military Technology to have to defend against any Human or Interstellar threats. the U.E.R. scientists and engineers said in theory that the Laser Pistol, Rifle and Laser machine gun turret Prototypes can let an U.E.R. soldier fire a laser pistol or Rifle at an Alien fighter spacecraft shields can drain its shields an by .02% with each shot. they test the Laser Pistol, Rifle and Laser machine gun turret by firing each Laser Weapon an a Savage Alien Fight Spacecraft the has it Shields up and fired. they tested the Laser Pistol Prototype 1st by firing 10 shorts from it at the Alien fighter spacecraft shields and found they the shields were down to 98% proving their Theory. they tested the Laser Rifle Prototype 2nd by firing 10 shorts from it at other savage Alien fighter spacecraft shields and found that it's shields were down to 98% proving their Theory. they tested the Laser machine gun turret Prototype last by firing 10 shorts from it at other savaged Alien fighter spacecraft shields and found they the shields were down to 98% proving their Theory. they give laser Firearm Prototypes to the U.E.R. government to begin producing the 1st Advance Firearms for the Military and Public to have to defend against any Human or Interstellar threats. as of October of 2013 the People of Earth are continuing to Rebuild their Civilization back to it's former glory. the Population of Earth went from 1.728 Billion People in 2008 to over 3.456 Billion people living on the Planet as of 2013. In Early October of 2010 the U.E.R. scientists and engineers have finally after 17 years of around the clock research and Develop have being able to Reserve Engineer the Alien ship power source to Travel between the Stars: a Massive Fusion Reactor(similar to the Sun). the U.E.R. scientists and Engineers theory that a Massive Fusion Reactor Prototype can provide enough power to a City 3x's the size of Tokyo and Los Angles combine for over 1,200 years before the reactor needed to refuel. they give the Massive Fusion Reactor Prototype to the U.E.R. to begin mass Production Fusion reactors to replace the U.E.R. Nuclear Reactors because the Fusion Reactors are more powerful and can provide power to Cities and because they environmental friendly because of the risk of Nuclear Radiation spilling out of and causing damage to the Environment around the Plant. In mid March of 2011, the U.E.R. Scientists and engineers have finally able to Reserve engineer the Alien fighter spacecraft Advanced Proportion system and have design their 1st Generation Fighter-spacecraft Interceptor Prototype called the T-Rex-306 Fighter interceptor. The T-Rex-306 is a little larger F-18 fighter Jet Aircraft, it is 21.375 meters in length, 15.375 meters in width and 5.875 meters in height. the T-Rex 306 would have 2 pilots to operation the fighter(a Pilot and co-pilot). the T-Rex-306 is powered by a Miniature fusion Reactor to power its advance weapons and Advance Proportion systems Reserve engineer from Alien Technology. the T-Rex 306 armaments were 2 Miniature anti-spacecraft laser turrets, 4 advance Air-to-Air Missiles and 2 Heat-seeks. The T-Rex-306 would 2 Engine units installed it, 1st a Sub-light Engine(the sub-light engine can go 671 mile-per-a-second or .0000001 the speed of light meaning the T-Rex-306 could go to the moon and back to earth in 685.842 seconds or 11.430 minutes) 2nd the T-Rex-306 would have 2 traditional supersonic Jet engines for the Fighter to move the craft inside a planets atmosphere. the T-Rex-306 would have 14 Maneuvering Thrusters(3 thrusters on each wing and 8 inside the mainframe) to move the fighter right,left, up and down while in outer space to operation better and to due space combat with other interstellar Fighters. they give the T-Rex-306 Fighter interceptor Prototype to begin mass production the 1st Generation Fighter-spacecraft Interceptor to defend against any Human or Interstellar threats. In Early April of the same year, the U.E.R. Scientists and Engineers have design their 1st Interstellar Spacecraft interceptor missile or I.S. Missile for Short. they have found out that from their old Missile Technology was not a match to Interstellar spacecraft Proportion systems so they Designed the I.S. missile. the I.S. missile was design similarly to the AIM-120 Advanced Medium-Range Air-to-Air Missile design but with a few Changes. 1st the I.S. missile would have the Same Advance Proportion Systems as their T-Rex-306 fighters: a Sub-light Fighter spacecraft Engine and 6 split second Maneuvering thrusters that could do the same fast maneuvers as an Interstellar spacecraft that are Traveling around in outer space. 2nd the I.S. missile would have a Multi-frequency transmitter installed into the Missile that can chance frequencies in a Faction second to find the same frequency as the Alien Defensive shields to Penetrate though them. 3rd second the missile would have an A.I. system installed into to contact between other missiles of it's kind that are tracking an Enemy fight to make sure that they don't lock on to the same enemy fighter spacecraft target to make sure the I.S. missile that hits and destroys the target that a split second before impact that the Target that they both have been tracking a targeting is destroy and tell the other missile to move on to another target and try to destroy that target before other missile of it's kind destroys that target to. they decided to test their I.S. missile by test a remote control an Alien fighter spacecraft to going into outer space and have the fighter use all of it's advance Proportion systems and them launch an a 1st generation I.S. missile to use if the I.S. missile could keep pace the Alien Fighter spacecraft and to see if it could destroy the Fighter even with it using it advance proportion Systems. the test was a success by the I.S. missile hitting and destroy its target proved that the I.S. Missile can destroy an Alien Spacecraft even with the Fighter's Advance Proportion systems operational. they give the 1st generation I.S. missile prototype to the U.E.R. goverment to begin mass production I.S. missiles to keep pace with Interstellar fighter spacecraft and destroy Human or Interstellar Threats to defend against any Human or Interstellar threats. the U.E.R. decided to reorganize and increase their T-Rex-306 Armaments to fight enemy Air or Spacecraft fighters better. the T-Rex-306 Fighter spacecraft Interceptor now has the Following: 2 Miniature anti-spacecraft laser turrets, 4 I.S. missiles (to use in space battles above a Planet or in Space engages away from planets), 2 traditional Air-to-Air Missile (to use in Planetary battles) and 2 Advance Air-to-Air Heat-seeker missiles(to use in Planetary battles). In same Month U.E.R. scientists and engineers have designed Mankind's 1st Generation Interstellar Anti-starship cruiser missile Prototype. the missile is Similar in design to the Dong-Feng 21 anti-ship missile but with a Few changes. 1st it would have the Same Advance Proportion as their I.S. missile design but with 17 split second Maneuvering thrusters that could do the same fast maneuvers as an Interstellar spacecraft that are Traveling around in outer space. 2nd the I.S. missile would have a Multi-frequency transmitter installed into the Missile that can chance frequencies in a Faction second to find the same frequency as the Alien Defensive shields to Penetrate though them. 3rd second the missile would have an A.I. system installed into to contact between other missiles of it's kind that are tracking an Enemy fight to make sure that they don't lock on to the same enemy fighter spacecraft target to make sure the I.S. missile that hits and destroys the target that a split second before impact that the Target that they both have been tracking a targeting is destroy and tell the other missile to move on to another target and try to destroy that target before other missile of it's kind destroys that target to. 4th the Interstellar Anti-starship missile has a Huge Fusion Warhead installed instead of the Tradition 1,500 lbs of high Explosives or even with Nuclear Warhead to cause as much damage as possible to an Interstellar Capital like the Aliens that attacked them. they give the 1st generation Interstellar Anti-starship cruiser missile prototype to the U.E.R. goverment to begin mass production I.S. missiles to keep pace with Interstellar fighter spacecraft and destroy Human or Interstellar Threats to defend against any Human or Interstellar threats. In Late November of the same year, the U.E.R. scientists have been working on trying to find a to decode and Reading the Alien database to get more information about them. the U.E.R. brought in the World best linguists to try to find Earth Language similar to that of the Aliens. it the world's best Linguists a weeks to try to find an earth Language but they finally found one, the Alien Language is Similar to Earth Ancient Greek Language; after learning that the People of Earth learned a Lot about the Aliens that attacked them. they Learn the aliens call themselves the Skotadians(Greek meaning Darkness) and that their Home world: Skotadi in the Skotadi system(the Skotadi system has 3 inhabitable planets for the Skotadians) is about 17,000 light years away from Earth. they learn that the Skotadians have a Galactic Empire called the Skotadi Imperial Empire spread across 281 planets across 15,000 light years and have a Population of over 4.215 trillion(about 15 billion Skotadians per a Planet) across their Empire. their Galactic Government was Democracy with each Planet they Colonized having a Galactic Senator to Represent them in their Galactic Senate. they learned that the Skotadian's are running out of Resources to keep their Empire going. they learned that the Skotadian Galactic goverment decided on a massive 2,000 light year broad Territorial expansion across the Galaxy to extended their Galactic Border and would either Colonize inhabitable Planets that doesn't have any Intelligence life forms or to Conquer Inferior Intelligence species that don't have Advance Space faring Technology to expand beyond their home Solar system.(Earth is right on the Border Expanse line making it a Target for them to colonize or conquer and exterminate the Inferior Intelligence Species: Humans and then take their planet for themselves). they have learned that if the Skotadians mean another space faring Race that has Colonize a Few planets Beyond their home system inside their territorial expanse that then they would make Peaceful contact and go around the other Alien Races Galactic territory to not cause a massive Bloody Galactic War between their Advance Civilizations. the People of Earth Know that their Definitely not along in the Universe because the Skotadians have made Peaceful contact with over 8 other Alien Races that have Advance Space faring Technology and having explored beyond their Home star systems during in their Massive Territorial Expanse. they learn about some of the Skotadians history from their Database,like in 412 A.D.(According to Earth's Calendar) they began to develop their own Interstellar Advanced Space faring Technology without other Alien Races assistance. they Develop Sub-light engine Technology in 412 A.D. to began Exploring their Home system and colonize planets inside their home star system(making then about 1,601 years more Advance than Humans). they have learned to develop their own Laser technology in 413 A.D. to defend themselves from space Meteorites, Massive Asteroids that could destroy all life on their Home planet, or from Another Alien Races that might attack them. they have learned to develop their own shield generation technology in 414 A.D. from learning the hard way to protect their Spacecraft from the Dangers of space like solar Radiation, Cosmic Rays or other Interstellar dangers. they Have learned to Develop their own faster-than-light communicate systems in 425 A.D. called Sub-space Communicate relay. the Sub-space communicate Relay worked by transmitting though Universal Sub space ( Sub-space is a lay of space underneath normal space) were they can transmit a sub-space signal and could instantly travel across the Galaxy in a Split second to other planet with a sub-space communicate relay to receive Sub-space transmitting. they have Learned to Develop their own Faster-than-light space faring technology in 435 A.D. called Warp dive Technology to begin Exploring beyond their Home system. in 475 A.D. after 40 years of Exploring and Colonized other Planets that Found their Galactic Government called the Skotadian Imperial Empire. they have learned to Develop their own Terra-forming Technology in 562 A.D. to Terra-form Planets that were to close or to Far from Star to Natural Support. the Terra-forming worked by set up massive extreme Heat or cold resistance drills on the planet that their Trying to Terra form to drill down to the Planet's Dead core and set up Fusion warheads inside the Planet's Dead core with a 6 month time fuse. after 6 months the Fusion warheads would explode and if Successful would activate the dead planets core and begin to generator a magnetic field around the Planet strong enough to protect it from Solar Radiation and other types of Radiation that might bombard the Planet's surface. they then would either use massive amounts of extreme cold substances like Liquid Nitrogen to cold down a Planet surface that is to hot for the species trying to Terra-form the planet to survive or to us massive Greenhouse gases to heat up a Planet that is to cold for the Species trying to Terra-form the Planet. after they doing that the Species Terra-forming would place microscope Organisms on the Planet to begin turned the Planet's Toxic atmosphere into a Breathable atmosphere for the Species to colonize. the Total time to Terra-form a Planet about 2 Skotadian Generations. if they finds a planet inside the habitable zone of another star system that has magnetic field strong enough to withstand the continent bombardment of solar radiation fun the star systems sun among other dangers but is un-habitable due to having a toxic atmosphere they would skip the restoration of the planet's core. they would land massive terraforming machines that would begin the process of transforming the planet toxic atmosphere into a atmosphere that can support their species. they then would have million of microscope Organisms to maintain the stably of the planet's atmosphere and to begin the process to bring life on the planet(like Grass, Trees, bushes and other plant life, and eventually more complex life forms like Humans or any other alien species that is terraforming planet like this). the People of Earth Knew a little bit about the Skotadian Species from look a some of their Medical Research Part of their Database. they have learned that the Skotadians have a Life span 2 1/2 times long them a humans meaning that they could live for 200 to 300 years before dying of old age. they learned that the Skotadian reproduction system is similar to how Earth Snakes Reproduce meaning that the a skotadian female could lay between 25 to 100 Fertilized Eggs at one time and wait 58 to 62 days for their Eggs to Hatch. they learned that the Skotadian are a Telepathy Species Meaning their can communicate to each other with other minds. The Skotadians have Learned to develop advance medical Technology over the centuries of Exploration and Territory Expansion, like in 572 A.D. their scientists and Engineers have development Nano Medical Technology to seek a destroy any cancer cells; They have Development Cellular Regeneration Technology in 584 A.D. to help heal minor wounds from war or from Accidents faster. they have Development Medical Immune system Tank Capsule technology in 590 A.D., the Technology worked by filling the Medical Tank Capsule with some Medical liquid to that would stabilize the Patients condition. they then would scan the Patient to see what is wrong like if their Patients Immune system is Malfunctioning and not response to well to medical treat than they would either slowly replace their Malfunctioning Immune with a new Immune system that is design to interact their Species body or could Replace their Malfunctioning Immune System with a Enhance Immune system that their species body could interact to fight off Cancer or Disease better. In 1656 A.D. after over 1,000 years of Exploration and Expanded their Galactic Territory their Empire was starting to run out of Resources across their Empire to keep the Empire going. as the Resource short got waste the Skotadian Galactic goverment argue and argue on how to solve the Resource Short their Military so an opportunity to take over the Government(the Skotiadian Military was a little more than half(5/8) of the Skotiadian goverment and most of them were power hungry; 1/8 of the Military were sensible enough agree with the other part of Skotiadian goverment however went the Resource shortage stroke most change their minds because they knew that the Skotiadian goverment side that they use to support would just argue and argue about how to deal with the Resource Crisis and not act). so in August of 1656 they made their move and so began and long a Bloody Civil war between those how support most of the non-military side the Skotadian goverment and those who supported the Military side that promise to act Quickly to solve the Resource shortage among others. they war Ended in March of 1716 with the Non-Military side surrendering unconditionally to the Military side because the Military Side had more Experience Military leaders, troops and Equipment then the Non-Military side. finally after over a 1,000 years of Democracy the Skotadian goverment was reformer into a Military Control Galactic State. they learned that in 1816 A.D. the Skotadian Galactic goverment decided on a massive 2,000 light year broad Territorial expansion across the Galaxy to extended their Galactic Border and would either Colonize inhabitable Planets that doesn't have any Intelligence life forms or to Conquer Inferior Intelligence species that don't have Advance Space faring Technology to expand beyond their home Solar system.(Earth is right on the Border Expanse line making it a Target for them to colonize or conquer and exterminate the Inferior Intelligence Species: Humans and then take their planet for themselves). The People of Earth so in the Database the Skotadian Ship they destroyed above Earth was a Military colony mother ship not a Cure Skotadian Warship. they ready had something to fear because during the war of 1996 the Skotadian was able to sent a distance signal to their Home world: Skotadi and asking for 2 Skotdian Destroyers and a Skotadian Battleship as reinforcements to help them exterminate this now Irritating inferior Species: Mankind. the Skotadian Government was surprise to hear the News that one of their Military Colony Mother ships have being destroyer was an Inferior Intelligence species: Mankind. they response to the distress and said that they would sent the Reinforcements that the Military Colony Mother-ship requested. they now were up facing resistance from a Primate and Inferior Intelligence species: Mankind that someone how find a way to Destroy one of their Military Colony Ships in the Galaxy. as for the People of Earth and the U.E.R Government saw that rather they like it or not they are now at war with a Technology Superior Alien Race: the Skotadian for Resistance them and for Destroying one of their Military Colony Mother-ships and that there is now 3 skotadian warships to exterminate their Race and take their Planet. the U.E.R. ordered all of the Interstellar infrastructure of their Economy to have all their I.R.D.P. facilities to go into full Wartime production to produce as much Advance defensive and Offensive Technology as possible before the Skotadian reinforcement fleet arrives above their planet. a Skotadian Military Colony mother-ship is the largest ship in the Skotadian fleet. the shp is 596 kilometers(370.33 miles) in Length, 462 Kilometers(287.07 miles) in width and 375 Kilometers( 233.01) in Height. the ship has crew of 713,416 crew-members to maintain the ships systems and could carry 3.923 million Invasions troops and equipment to invasion a planet. the Skotadian Military Colony ship is powered by 737 fusion Reactors to power its Advance Proportion systems and Advance defensive systems. the Skotadian Military armaments were only 36 City destroyers. The Skotadian Military Colony ship has 2 Engine units installed it, 1st 650 Capital ship Sub-light Engines(a Capital ship sub-light engine can go 6,710 mile-per-a-second or .000001 the speed of light meaning the Skotadian Military Colony ship could go to the moon and back to earth in 68.58 seconds or 1.14 minutes) 2nd a warp dive for the ship to travel Faster-than-light speed between the Stars. a Skotadian city destroyer is 25 kilometers(15 miles) in diameter and is between 3.96 Kilometers(2.460 miles) from the Middle of the ship down to a kilometer(.621 miles) in Height. the ship has crew of 29,965 crew-members to maintain the ships systems and could carry 800 fighters to defense the ship from a Enemy fighter. a city destroyer ship is powered by 55 fusion Reactors to power its Advance Proportion systems, Advance weapon systems and Advance defensive systems. as of January of 2017 the People of earth have finally after 20 years of Rebuilding their Civilization have finished and has returned to it's formerly glory. the Population of Earth went from 3.456 Billion people in 2013 to over 6.912 billion people living on the planet as of 2017. while they were Rebuilding their Civilization the U.E.R. ordered for each major City to construct over 30 massive Underground bunkers that could hold up to 2.4 million people inside it with enough supplies for 6 months in case Earth was under attack by an Interstellar threat. over the years the U.E.R. scientists and engineers have finally after 21 years of around the clock research and Develop have being able to Reserve Engineer the Alien Fighter spacecraft shield generation technology, Artificial Gravity Plating, Inertia Dampener technology, Advance short range senor network to create their own Fighter-spacecraft shield Generation Technology, Artificial Gravity Plating and Inertia Dampeners Prototypes and the Mankind's first Interstellar bomber called the Velo-201. in Mid April of 2014, the U.E.R. scientists and engineers have finally from Researching and Reserve engineering Alien Fight-spacecraft shield generation technology have created their 1st generation fighter-spacecraft shield generation technology Prototype. they said in theory that the 1st fighter-Spacecraft Shield generation technology can produce a protective shields around a object strong to take 5 Anti-spacecraft turret hits before failing and making the ship valuable to enemy fire. they test their theory by firing a Anti-spacecraft turret 5 times to see if the shields would hold for 5 shots and it. they give the Fighter-spacecraft shield Generation Technology Prototype to the U.E.R. goverment to begin producing the 1st Advance Military defense Technology to give thier T-Rex 306 Fighter-spacecraft interceptor a better fighting change against any Human fighter-spacecraft or Interstellar fight-spacecraft like the Skotadian Fighters. In Late July of 2015, the U.E.R. scientists and engineers have finally from Researching and Reserve Engineering Alien Artificial Gravity plating Technology have finally create their own Artificial Gravity plating Prototype for Human's to stay in space with suffering from the effect of weightiness over long periods of time in outer space. they said in theory that they could create gravity just a strong as on the Surface of the Planet while in Space. they tested the installing Artificial Gravity Plating technology into a T-Rex-306 fighter and have the fighter go in lower Earth orbit and then turn on the Artificial Gravity Plating to see if their theory was proofed. U.E.R Fighter Pilot Captain Alex Murphy volunteered to test the Artificial gravity plating in space; the Scientists and engineers installed the Artificial Gravity Plating Technology inside his fighter. Captain Alex Murphy take off I.R.D. base:Thomas J. Whitmore(Formerly Area 51 in the the U.S.) and headed for lower Earth Orbit. When he got to lower earth Orbit he turned on the Artificial Gravity Plating technology and find that it worked. he Radio the U.E.R. scientists and engineers that the Artificial gravity Plating Technology had proofing their Theory. Captain Alex Murphy returned home and the U.E.R. scientists and engineers gave their Artificial gravity plating technology Prototype to the U.E.R. goverment to began mass producing the Artificial Gravity Plating Technology for them to use in the T-Rex-306 Fighter-spacecraft Interceptor to fight in space battles above Earth without suffering from the effect of weightiness over long periods of time in outer space. Captain Alex Murphy Profile: Born on February 20, 1989 in the U.S. city of Chicago into a family of 4. he is a survivor that survived the War of 1996, sadly he Lost 3 of his Siblings and his mother in the war of 1996 from them not getting to a underground shelter went a Skotadian City destroyer above Chicago activated its main weapon and destroyed the City. He, his Young Brother Jeff Murphy and his father survived the War and went on Rebuild their Lives and to try to recover. In 2006 after Graduating from High school he decided to Join the I.R.D. academy and become U.E.R. Pilot to Protect others that can Protect themselves and to defend her Home planet from any Interstellar threat like the Skotadians that would try to Exterminate her Species: Mankind and take their Planet as their own. In Mid February of 2016, the U.E.R. scientists and engineers have finally from Researching and Reserve Engineering Alien Inertia dampeners Technology have create their own Inertia dampeners Technology to decrease the gravity force or G force for Short that went an aircraft or spacecraft are travel at extreme high speed to not be Crushed by the extreme G force pushing against them. they ask U.E.R. Captain Alex Murphy if they could install into his T-Rex-306 fighter the Inertia Dampener Technology and if he would like to test out by going again into lower Earth Orbit and turn on the Artificial gravity Plating and Inertia Dampener technology and going to the Moon and Back by for the first time for any Human spacecraft to active his Fighter Sub-light Engine both see the scientists and engineers theories about their Sub-light engine and see if the Inertia dampener Technology would work to cancel out the extreme G-force from the Fighter spacecraft going 671 miles per-a-second and that Captain Alex Murphy won't get crush by the extreme G-Force. Captain Alex Murphy very Nervously said yes and took off and headed for low Earth Orbit. when he arrive at lower Earth Orbit he activated the Artificial gravity Plating and Inertia Dampener technology and see Course for doing a around travel to the moon and back to Earth at Interstellar Fighter-spacecraft Sub-light Speed. He survive the around travel from the moon and back and was surprise by how the Inertia Dampeners cancel out G-Force that the Speed from the Sub-light engine and the time it took only about 709.388 seconds or 11.82 minutes to return to earth. the U.E.R. scientists and engineers gave their inertia Dampener technology Prototype to the U.E.R. goverment to began mass producing Inertia Dampener Technology for them to use in the T-Rex-306 Fighter-spacecraft Interceptor to fight in space battles above Earth or for any future human spacecraft to begin exploring the universe. In late September of 2016 the U.E.R. Scientists and engineers have design their 1st Generation Interstellar Bomber Prototype called the Velo-201 Bomber. The Velo-201 is a little larger Tupolev Tu-160 Jet Bomber, it is 54.10 meters in length, 20.215 meters in width and 14.41 meters in height. the Velo-201 would have crew of 4 to operation the Velo-201(pilot, co-pilot, bombardier, defensive systems operator). the Velo-201 is powered by a Miniature fusion Reactor to power its advance weapons and Advance Proportion systems Reserve engineer from Alien Technology. the Velo-201 armaments be 4 I.S. missiles (to use in space battles above a Planet or in Space engages away from planets), 2 traditional Air-to-Air Missiles (to use in Planetary battles), 2 Advance Air-to-Air Heat-seeker missiles (to use in Planetary battles) and 7 Anti-starship cruiser missiles. the Velo-201 defenses would be a Fighter-spacecraft shield generation to generation defensive shield to protect it from enemy fire. The Velo-201 would 2 Engine units installed it, 1st a Sub-light Engine and 2nd 2 traditional supersonic Jet engines for the Fighter to move the craft inside a planets atmosphere. the Velo-201 would have 14 Maneuvering Thrusters(3 thrusters on each wing and 8 inside the mainframe) to move the fighter right,left, up and down while in outer space to operation better and to due space combat with other interstellar Fighters. they give the Velo-201 Fighter interceptor Prototype to begin mass production the 1st Generation Interstellar bomber to attack any Human Spacecraft or Interstellar spacecraft threats. In Early December of that same year, the U.E.R. scientists and engineers have finally after 20 years of Researching and Reserve Engineering some of the Skotadian senor relay network system Technology have create Mankind's first short range senor relay system Technology as an Early warning system for Interstellar ships that might be within. the scientists and engineers said in theory that the Advance short range Senor network can scan a light year in diameter around earth to detect Friendly or Hostile ships. they Giving the designs of the Advance Short range Senor Network to the U.E.R. to build a Advance short range senor Network to proof their Theory. within a few weeks the build an filly functional Advance short range senor Network and Proof their Scientists and Engineers theory. In late December of the Same year, the U.E.R. scientists and engineer have finally from Researching and Reserve Engineering the Skotadian Fighter spacecraft senor system technology have created their vision of the fighter Spacecraft senor system technology. the Scientists and engineers said in theory that the Fighter Spacecraft senor system could constantly scan a diameter of space around their Fighter spacecraft for 30,195 Sq miles to search of for Friendly of Hostile Enemy Spacecraft 45 seconds out while traveling at fighter spacecraft sub-light speed and to give their I.R. missile something lock on and fire at fighter spacecraft sub-light speed. they test the Skotadian Fighter spacecraft senor system technology by installing the Skotadian Fighter spacecraft Senor system Technology into a T-Rex-306 fighter spacecraft interceptor. the test was successful and the T-Rex-306 fighter Spacecraft Interceptor took see an Area of Outer space for 30,195 sq. miles. they give Fighter spacecraft senor system technology to the Government to begin massive Production and to put into all certain T-Rex-306 fighter spacecraft interceptors and Velo-201 Bombers or are being built inside the I.R.D.P. Facilities. as of December of 2016 the I.R.D has growing dramatically since its founded. the I.R.D. has over 20 U.E.R. Generals command all it Interstellar defense forces; Included the I.R.D. Command General of all I.R.D. Forces, General Anna Alexandra(Russian), General Arvin Berowalt(German), Lt. General Adhira Ashi(Indian), Major General Emma Violet(Australian), Brigadier General Mitchell, Colonel Steven Hiller and Lt. Colonel Daniela Samantha(Brazilian). the I.R.D. has a fighter force made of over 30,000 T-Rex-306 fighter spacecraft interceptors and 10,000 Velo-201 Bombers to defense Earth from any Human or Interstellar threat. the I.R.D. ground force have 23.04 million troops, 230,400 advance tanks and 115,200 artillery Pieces along with the most advance Firearms their I.R.D.P. facilities can Produce. Each Major Civilian City has 375 Advance Anti-spacecraft Laser turret defenses and 38 advance Mobile missile Launchers to launch advance missiles to protect the city from human or Interstellar Spacecraft that might try to attack.[Chapter 2] The Battle of Earth Date: July 25, 2018 Lieutenant Elizabeth Marcos was watched the Advance short range Senor network at I.R.D. base: Thomas J. Whitmore for any sign Abnormal Activate(meaning Alien Spacecraft). It was at 11:30 A.M. that she saw something on the Advance short range Senor network:3 Huge Unidentified spacecraft(the Skotadian Destroyers and Battleship) coming out of Sub-space Near the Moon about 378195.84 Kilometers(235,000 miles) away from earth and are entering an orbit around the Moon to stay out of Possible weapons Range. Lieutenant Elizabeth Marcos Profile: Born in London, England on April 12, 1993. she is one of the Survivors that survived the War of 1996 but she remember very little of it. Sadly she Lost her Father in the war of 1996 from he not getting to a underground shelter went a Skotadian City destroyer above London activated its main weapon and destroy the City. She and her mother Survived the War and went on Rebuild their Lives and to try to recover. they Moved to the New York city U.S. in 2001 to try to make a new Live in the U.S. In 2010 after Graduating from High school she Decided to Join the I.R.D. academy and become U.E.R. Pilot to Protect others that can Protect themselves and to defend her Home planet from any Interstellar threat like the Skotadians that would try to Exterminate her Species: Mankind and take their Planet as their own. she contact Captain Dylan Hiller to tell him that she saw something on the Advance short range Senor network:3 Huge Unidentified spacecraft(the Skotadian Destroyers and Battleship) coming out of Sub-space Near the Moon about 378195.84 Kilometers(235,000 miles) away from earth and are entering an orbit around the Moon. Captain Dylan Hiller Contact his Father Colonel Steven Hiller tell him the same thing that Lt. Elizabeth Marcos told him, which in turn Colonel Steven Hiller contacted I.R.D. General Anna Alexandra to tell her about the Solution. General Anna Alexandra Called an Emergency meet of all Key I.R.D. Generals and Colonels to discuss about the 3 Huge Unidentified spacecraft(the Skotadian Destroyers and Battleship) coming out of Sub-space Near the Moon about 378,195.84 Kilometers(235,000 miles) away from earth and are entering an orbit around the Moon and on what Unidentified spacecraft and how to response. they talked for about 2 hours and check the old Skotadian Transmission that the Skotadian Military Colony Mother-ship sent to their Home world: Skotadi. they agreed that the Skotadian Government responded to the Distress call have sent 3 Warships(2 Skotadian Destroyers and a Skotadian Battleship)as reinforcements to try exterminate their Species and take their Planet for themselves. they asked their linguists to search though the Skotadian Database to search for information on the Skotadian Warships classes to see which Skotadian Warships have came to Earth. It took them a Few hours to search the Skotadian database and found the Skotadian classes of warships that match the measures of the massive Spacecraft Above their Planet: the Skotadian Destroyer and the Battleship classes. a Skotadian Destroyer is one of the most powerful warships in the Skotadian fleet. the ship is 59.6 kilometers(37.033 miles) in Length, 46.2 Kilometers(28.707 miles) in width and 37.5 Kilometers(23.301 miles) in Height. the ship has crew of 71,342 crew-members to maintain the ships systems. the ship is powered by 74 fusion Reactors to power its Advance Proportion systems and Advance defensive systems. the Skotadian destroyer armaments: 130 ship-to-ship Laser cannons and 1,300 Missile Tube Launchers to launch their own Advanced I.S. Missiles, Air-to-Air missiles, Air-to-Ground missiles, and Anti-starship cruiser missiles. the ships defense systems were: 13,000 anti-spacecraft laser turrets to defend the ship from enemy spacecraft and 1,300 Fighter-spacecraft interceptors to Attack or Defense their Ship from another Enemy Capital ship. The ship has 2 Engine units installed it, 1st 65 Capital ship Sub-light Engines and with 19,514 maneuvering thrusters to move the ship in a Planets atmosphere, 2nd a warp dive for the ship to travel Faster-than-light speed between the Stars. a Skotadian Battleship is another one of the most powerful warships in the Skotadian fleet. the ship is 71.56 kilometers(44.4 miles) in Length, 55.44 Kilometers(34.44 miles) in width and 45 Kilometers(27.96 miles) in Height. the ship has crew of 89,723 crew-members to maintain the ships systems. the ship is powered by 74 fusion Reactors to power its Advance Proportion systems and Advance defensive systems. the Skotadian Battleship armaments: 260 ship-to-ship Laser cannons and 650 Missile Tube Launchers to launch their own Advanced I.S. Missiles, Air-to-Air missiles, Air-to-Ground missiles, and Anti-starship cruiser missiles. the ships defense systems were: 15,600 anti-spacecraft laser turrets to defend ship from enemy spacecraft and 1,561 Fighter-spacecraft Interceptors to Attack or Defense their Ship from another Enemy Capital ship. The ship has 2 Engine units installed it, 1st 82 Capital ship Sub-light Engines and with 24,542 maneuvering thrusters to move the ship in a Planets atmosphere, 2nd a warp dive for the ship to travel Faster-than-light speed between the Stars. Date July 26, 2018 the Next Day I.R.D. General Anna Alexandra contacted the U.E.R. goverment to inform them about the solution above Earth. the U.E.R. governing council agreed with President Alex Daniels and took the U.E.R. goverment to DECON 1, ordered all Planetary State Goverments to either begin tell all their major cities to sent and many Citizens into the Massive underground bunkers just outside each of their major cities or to sent them to a lot smaller cities and town to spread them out to keep as low of a Casualties went the Battle of Earth Begins. President Alex Daniels Inform all or the U.E.R. Commanding Military officers of all their Branches(Army,Navy, Marine, Air Force and Interstellar Defense forces) Mobilize all their forces and be ready for war with the Skotadian Fleet above Earth. I.R.D. General Anna Alexandra ordered all the I.R.D. forces under her Command to Prepare for war against the Skotadian fleet above Earth. She wanted all T-Rex-306 fighter-spacecraft interceptors and Velo-201 Interstellar Bombers around the Planet to but armed and ready to Engage the Skotadian Fleet Above Earth. while the U.E.R. was preparing for the coming Attack the Skotadian fleets commanding officer: Rear Admiral(Lower half) Fortia Dynami(Greek meaning Fire Strength) is Preparing for her fleets attack on Earth to begin the Exterminating this Inferior Intelligence and Irritating Species: Mankind. she spoke with her follow Officers on a plan to Exterminate the Mankind without having to put their ships in Possible Enemy weapons Range. Rear Admiral Fortia Dynami Profile: Born on the Skotadian Home world on October 8, 1914 into a Family of 75 hatchlings and is the 45th Hatchling to hatch. she got along well with her other hatchling siblings but did not get to much attention from her parents. When she Graduated from her High school she decided to Join the Skotadian Military: Fleet Division of the Military which was growing rapidly with all their Empire's expanse. as years past became one of the Skotadian Military Fleet's best Captain Officer's in the in Dealing with Inferior Intelligence and Irritating Species. after expertly helping in Deploying fleets with her Superior officers and in conquering 3 Inferior Intelligence and Irritating Species, she was Promoted to Rear Admiral(Lower half) and assigned in the southern part of their Expanding empire to contact with other Space faring Races. after Hearing that one of her closest comrade Friends: Captain Ilios Diavolos(Greek meaning Sun Devil) was killed by an Inferior Intelligence and Irritating Species called Mankind and that by their Home world Sub-space communicate relay received a Distress signal on how it was Done went she went back to Skotadi and volunteered to go to this Inferior Intelligence and Irritating Species home world: Earth to not only Exterminate the Species to claim the planet as their own but also to Avenger her closest Comrade death. the Skotadian agreed to allow her to take the reinforcements Captain Ilios Diavolos request before his ship was destroy and go back to Earth and Exterminate it native Species: Mankind and it the Planet as their own. they own and learned that knew from their 1st failed attack that went their Military Colony Mother-ship and it city develops were destroyed from Mankind been able to sent a Computer Virus into their Computer software causing the shield Generation Technology to Malfunction and lower their defensive shields making them Valuable to Enemy fire.(the Skotadians Scientists and Engineers have seen install Anti-computer Virus Software into all their ships Included their 3 Warships above earth, meaning that the Human Computer Virus trick won't work against them again.) She thought about the Possible that this Intelligence and Irritating Species: Mankind could have Reserved Engineered some of their Advance technology and could use their Advance technology against them, like if Mankind was able to Reserved Engineer their Fight Spacecraft Proportion Technology that Mankind Could attack them at any Moment. she told her though to her Fleet Captains and told them while planning for an Attack on this Inferior Intelligence and Irritating Species to be Both Cautious and forcefully went attacking this Planet because there a Slam change that they could be defeated if not being careful and Forcefully enough to Exterminate Mankind. They Came up with a Plan to begin Extermination this Inferior Intelligence and Irritating Species: Mankind in both cautiously and forcefully. they decided to stay in Lunar orbit and a wave of 130 city Destroyer missiles with 650 of their own I.S. Missiles to test Mankind's Interstellar Defenses. after the 1st wave they would increase the number of City Destroyer missiles and I.S. Missiles by 1/2 to try overwhelm Mankind's Interstellar Defense. while their were keep Mankind Interstellar Defenses occupied and trying to destroy them; they would sent their Battleship in lower Earth orbit and begin Firing its Laser ship-to-ship cannons and Launching it own City Destroyer missiles to destroyer as many of Mankind's Major Cities to kill as many of the Native Species but so to destroy the Native species ability to Process Natural raw materials to into material needed to keep their Civilization going. July 27, 2018 at 7:00 A.M. of July 27, 2018, Skotadian Rear Admiral Fortia Dynami ordered her fleet began its Planned attack on Earth. Lieutenant Elizabeth Marcos so on the Advance short range Senor network and a lot of very fast moving objects head towards Earth and would make Contact with the Earth in less than 321.921 seconds or 5.7153 minutes. she Immediately pick up the Phone that Connect direct General Anna Alexandra and told her that are a lot of very fast moving objective head towards Earth and would make Contact with the Earth in less than 300 seconds or 5 minutes. General Anna Alexandra got on the Phone that Connect to all the I.R.D. base and said to all \"this is General Anna Alexandra to all I.R.D. bases Launch as many T-Rex-306 fighter spacecraft interceptors, all Missile silos fire as many missiles I.S. missiles in 4 1/2 minutes or less to intercept all enemy targets coming in to attack.\" all the I.R.D. bases responded are were able to launch 240 T-Rex-306 fighter spacecraft interceptors into space with Colonel Steven Hiller Leading them and the missile silos were able to launch 500 I.S. missiles. 4 minutes and 15 seconds later all 240 T-Rex-306 Fighter spacecraft Interceptor were in Orbit and waiting for ordered to which Colonel Steven Hiller said \"All fighters, stay with your Wing-man and fire at will Knight 1, Box 3.\" Knight 2 \"Copy that Knight 2, Box 1.\", Knight 4 \"Copy that Knight 4, Box 2.\", Panda 1 \" Copy that Panda 1, Box 3.\", Panda 3\" Copy that Panda 3, Box 1.\" Panda 5\"Copy that Panda 5, Box 2. \" the Remaining T-Rex-306 fighters launch their First wave of missiles along with 500 Friendly Planetary base Launch I.S. missiles (the I.S. Missile A.I. identified the T-Rex-306 Fighters and Friendlies and not as the Enemy) at the Enemy Targets coming toward Earth. 2 seconds later their missiles made contact with the enemy objects and destroyed 740 Enemy objects which they now saw as Skotadian Interstellar Missiles. the Remaining Skotadian I.S. missiles destroyed 32 T-Rex-306 fighters Spacecraft Interceptors but the remaining Missiles were destroyed very quick thinking T-Rex-306 Fighter spacecraft interceptor pilots were did Maneuverings that in their T-Rex-306 fighter spacecraft interceptor Proportion system to its limit. Colonel Steven Hiller was able contact General Anna Alexandra to tell her the Enemy objects that were heading toward earth were Skotadian Missiles. Colonel Steven Hiller and the Rest of the T-Rex-306 fighter spacecraft interceptor Pilots in Orbit celebrating from destroying the Enemy missiles but it was short living went Lt. Elizabeth Marcos Contact Colonel Steven Hiller that another Wave of 1,170 Enemy missiles were coming in and would make contact with them in 2 minutes. During the 1st wave space battle and the waiting period another 210 T-Rex-306 Fighter spacecraft interceptors under the Command of Major Samuel Garcia(Mexican) and 1,000 I.S. Missiles for a total of 418 T-Rex-306 Fighter spacecraft interceptors and 1,000 I.S. missiles from Planetary Launch bases. Colonel Steven Hiller took Major Samuel Garcia as his 2nd in command to help him very quickly organize the T-Rex-306 spacecraft interceptors to squadrons because during the 1st wave engagement they become disorganized to engage the Enemy missiles. as the 2nd wave of Enemy missiles were heading toward Earth, Colonel Steven Hiller and Major Samuel Garcia along with the T-Rex-306 Fighter spacecraft interceptor Pilots fired another wave of Missiles along with another wave of their Planetary base launched I.S. missiles to interceptor the enemy Missiles. 3 seconds later their missiles made contact with the Enemy missiles and destroy all the missiles. Colonel Steven Hiller sadly lost Major Daniel Garcia during the 2nd wave space battle. after the 2nd Wave space battle was over he received a message form Lt. Elizabeth Marcos Contact Colonel Steven Hiller that another Wave of 1,754 Enemy missiles were coming in and would make contact with them in a minute. During the 2nd wave space battle and the waiting period another 210 T-Rex-306 Fighter spacecraft interceptors under the Command of Captain Dylan Hiller and 1,500 I.S. Missiles for a total of 628 T-Rex-306 Fighter spacecraft interceptors and 1,500 I.S. missiles from Planetary Launch bases. Colonel Steven Hiller took his stepson Captain Dylan Hiller as his 2nd in command to help him very quickly organize the T-Rex-306 spacecraft interceptors to squadrons because during the 2nd wave engagement they become disorganized to engage the Enemy missiles. as the 3nd wave of Enemy missiles were heading toward Earth, Colonel Steven Hiller and Captain Dylan Hiller along with the T-Rex-306 Fighter spacecraft interceptor Pilots fired another wave of Missiles along with another wave of their Planetary base launched I.S. missiles to interceptor the enemy Missiles. 6 seconds later their missiles made contact with the Enemy missiles and destroy all the missiles. after the 3rd Wave space battle was over he received a message form Lt. Elizabeth Marcos telling him that another Wave of 2,628 Enemy missiles were coming in and would make contact with them in 30 seconds. he received a message from General Anna Alexandra to broke off him and all T-Rex-306 fighter spacecraft interceptors disengage from engaging Enemy missiles because all their Planetary Missile Silos would now fire enough I.S. missiles to intercept the Enemy missiles in lower earth orbit to their Next the target Skotadian Battleship. General Anna Alexandra told him that the Skotadian have being using thier missiles attacks from the Destroyers as a Distraction for their Battleship go to Lower Earth Orbit beginning to bombard their Major Cities to begin Exterminating their Species and to destroy their Civilization Production infrastructure to Process Raw Materials into Material to keep their Civilization going. as Colonel Steven Hiller ordered all his T-Rex-306 Fighter spacecraft interceptors in space to disengage the Enemy missiles approaching Earth because all their Planetary Missile Silos would now fire enough I.S. missiles to intercept the Enemy missiles in lower earth orbit to their Next the Skotadian Battleship 8 second away at maximum fighter sub-light to Engage the Skotadian Battleship in Lower Earth orbit to try to draw out it's Defense fighter forces and engage them while 13 Squadrons: 234 Velo-201 bombers would launch and head to the Skotadian battleship with Interstellar Anti-starship cruiser missiles. as they head to their target they saw 2,628 of their own I.S. missiles heading to the Engage the Enemy missiles. Colonel Steven Hiller told all T-Rex-306 fighter spacecraft Interceptor Pilots \"All fighters, stay with your Wing-man and fire at will Knight 1, Box 4.\" Captain Dylan Hiller \"Copy that Knight 2, Box 1.\", Knight 5 \"Copy that Knight 5, Box 2.\", Panda 1 \" Copy that Panda 1, Box 4.\", Panda 3\" Copy that Panda 3, Box 1.\" Panda 5\"Copy that Panda 5, Box 2. \" the Remaining T-Rex-306 fighters launch their First wave of missiles at the enemy Battleship. a second later their I.S. missiles Penetrated the Skotadian Defensive shields and made contact with the enemy Battleship. however Colonel Steven Hiller and 240 T-Rex-306 fighter spacecraft interceptors needed to return to their I.R.D. bases to Reload their T-Rex-306 fighters with I.S. missiles. he give the command of all T-Rex-306 Fighter spacecraft interceptors in space to Captain Dylan Hiller and ordered him to carry out as General Anna Alexandra orders: to Engage the Skotadian Battleship in Lower Earth orbit to try to draw out it Defense fighter forces and engage them while Squadrons of Velo-201 bombers would launch and head to the Skotadian battleship with Anti-starship cruiser missiles. the Skotadian battleship destroyed 22 I.R.D. bases which would make some T-Rex-306 Fighter spacecraft interceptors that were coming in to Reload thier I.S. missile Complment to reroute and go to other I.R.D. bases; 44 other military installations across the planet been destroy along 11.011 million military personal being killed and with over 9,712 T-Rex-306 fighter spacecraft interceptors and 3,237 Velo-201 Bombers from its Laser ship-to-ship cannons by launching their own I.S. missiles and City destroyers and with some being quick enough in getting thought Earth's I.S. missiles defenses and hitting their targets. the Skotadian destroyed 131 Major cities across the Planet from Laser ship-to-ship cannons by launching their own I.S. missiles and City destroyers and with some being quick enough in getting thought Earth's I.S. missiles defenses and hitting their most of those city's inhabits were sent into the Massive underground bunkers just outside each of their major cities or to sent them to a lot smaller cities and towns to spread them out to keep as low of a Casualties went the Battle of Earth began. the battle between Captain Dylan Hiller T-Rex-306 fighter spacecraft interceptor forces and the Skotadian fighter spacecraft was long and brutal space battle that lasted for 20 minutes and ending with the Captain Dylan Hiller T-Rex-306 Fighter Spacecraft interceptor forces losing 3/8: 396 if his T-Rex-306 fighter spacecraft interceptors. they have cleared the way for their 13 Squadrons:234 of Velo-201 bombers to begin their Attack run on the enemy battleship. the Skotadian Battleship Captain saw her ship's Senor a New Type of enemy craft coming to them that were bigger than the Enemy fighters. she ordered her crew to target the New Type of Enemy craft coming at them with as many Anti-spacecraft laser turrets to shoot down as many of the New Type of Enemy craft. they was able to destroy 3/4:175 of the New enemy craft and another 3/20:35 of the New Enemy craft but that wasn't enough the Remaining New Enemy Craft Fired missiles at them. she tried to move ship to get out have the way of the Enemy missiles but they were late, the Missiles Penetrated her ships shields and impacted the Battleship and explode. the Skotadian Battleship began to broke apart into 100's of Pieces and began it fall into Earth's Atmosphere burning up. General Anna Alexandra was impressed by how Mankind Interstellar Anti-starship cruiser missile destroyed them Skotadian battleship. she saw how the Skotadian Destroyers have stop sending missiles at them to try to destroy them Interstellar defenses. an hour later... In the 1st Round of the Battle of Earth went to Mankind, their have destroyed a Skotadian Battleship and over 23,511 Enemy missiles. they lost 1/3 of their I.R.D. bases: 22 and 44 other military installations across the planet been destroy along 11.011 million military personal being killed and with over 10,108 T-Rex-306 fighter spacecraft interceptors and 3,448 Velo-201 Bombers from its Laser ship-to-ship cannons by launching their own I.S. missiles and City destroyers and with some being quick enough in getting thought Earth's I.S. missiles defenses and hitting their targets. however this battle of Earth was far over, there still are 2 Enemy ships orbiting around Earth's moon. they would need to act quickly if they were going to destroy the Remaining Enemy ships. General Anna Alexandra ordered all Remaining I.R.D. base that are still intact and operational to Launch as many T-Rex-306 fighter spacecraft interceptors as possible to attack the Remaining Skotadian ships. as for skotadian Rear Admiral Fortia Dynami, after seeing this Inferior Intelligence and Irritating Species: Mankind not only launch their I.S. missiles to intercept their missiles but destroy her fleet's battleship. She was very Impressive on Mankind was able defend their planet from their Attack, she has Never see this level of strong Survive Instinct in another primate species unlike this species and how they were able to raise above the Instinct to betray each other and work together. she has seeing from this battle on how Mankind was able to combine their Instinct of Determination and Intelligence in to Researching and Reserve Engineer their Advance Technology into create their own Advance technology basic off of Skotadian Technology that was left in the Wreckage from their ships in the attack of 1996. she began admired Mankind's Determination and ability to Research and Reserve engineer some of their advance technology in such a short time(.(Normally it would take an Inferior Intelligence Species like Mankind about 120 more years to learn on their own on how to create the Technology that the Skotadian Wreckage left behind) she called a officer meeting of her remaining ships to decide opinions on what to due next. they discuss for 3 hours about the possible opinions available to them like leaving Lunar Orbit and have their Destroyers going to lower Earth Orbit and launch an all out attack on Earth which she rejected because Earth Interstellar defenses were to strong and because she didn't want to loss any more Capital ships. 2nd they could launch all of their fighter spacecraft and Remaining I.S. missiles in one final attack on Earth which she keep in mind for a possible opinion. 3rd they could head back to their Home world: Skotadi to report what happen and ask reinforcements to try again to conquer Earth and take the planet as their own which she keep in mind as well for a Possible opinion. before they could act on a Planned Opinion Mankind launched a Massive attack force to go to lunar orbit and destroy the remaining skotadian ships. During the time they were Discussing Opinions, the U.E.R. has a fighter spacecraft group made up of 3,600 T-Rex-306 fighter spacecraft interceptors and 1,200 Velo-201 bombers into spaces to attack the Remaining Skotadians. the General Anna Alexandra Choose Colonel Steven Hiller as the Commanding officer of all fighter and bomber spacecraft in Space as well as the Commanding officer of the I.R.D. 1st T-Rex-306 fighter group and Major Bohlale Malaika(African) as his 2nd in command of all T-Rex-306 fighters in space. Major Samantha Borya(Russian) as well as the Commanding officer of the I.R.D. 1st Velo-201 Bomber group and Captain Alex Murphy and her 2nd in command of all Velo-201 bombers in space. Major Alex Liam(Australian) as the commander officer of the I.R.D. 2nd T-Rex-306 fighter Group and Captain Anandini Gambhir(Indian) as his 2nd in command of all of the I.R.D. 2nd T-Rex-306 fighter group. Major Daiki Sadahiko(Japanese) as the commander officer of the I.R.D. 3rd T-Rex-306 fighter Group and Captain Dylan Hiller as his 2nd in command of all of the I.R.D. 3rd T-Rex-306 fighter group. At 1010 hours the U.E.R. forces Activated the Sub-light engines and headed for the Moon to begin their Attack on the Remaining Skotadian ships. a minute later Admiral Fortia Dynami saw a Massive Enemy force heading for them on their senors. she made the Decision, she ordered his destroyers to launch all their remaining I.S. missiles and as many Fighter spacecraft as in 4 1/2 minutes possible to engage the enemy forces. she sent a brief message to Skotadi about the solution and a request for reinforcements. Major Bohlale Malaika Profile: Born in Cairo, Egypt on August 3, 1978 into a Family of 7. In 1995 after Graduating from high school she Decided to Join the Egyptian Air Force. she is one of the Survivors that survived the War of 1996, sadly she Lost 6 of her Siblings and her Father in the war of 1996 from he and her other Siblings not getting to a underground shelter or Evacuating the city went a Skotadian City destroyer above Cairo activated its main weapon and destroy the City. She, her younger Brother and her mother Survived the War and went on Rebuild their Lives and to try to recover. In 1998, 2 years after the War of 1996 she was Promoted to Lieutenant and transferred to the I.R.D. to Protect others that can Protect themselves and to defend her Home planet from any Interstellar threat like the Skotadians that would try to Exterminate her Species: Mankind and take their Planet as their own. Major Samantha Borya Profile: Born in Peterburg, Russia on July 6, 1979 into a Family of 3. In May of 1996 after Graduating from High school she Decided to Join the Russian Air Force. she is one of the Survivors that survived the War of 1996, sadly she Lost all her Siblings and her Mother in the war of 1996 from her and her Siblings not getting to a underground shelter or Evacuating the city went a Skotadian City destroyer above Peterburg activated its main weapon and destroyed the City. She and her mother Survived the War and went on Rebuild their Lives and to try to recover. In 1999, 3 years after the War of 1996 she was Promoted to Lieutenant and transferred to the I.R.D. to Protect others that can Protect themselves and to defend her Home planet from any Interstellar threat like the Skotadians that would try to Exterminate her Species: Mankind and take their Planet as their own. Major Alex Liam Profile: Born in Brisbane, Australia on April 18, 1977 into a Family of 5. In May of 1994 after Graduating from High school he Decided to Join the Australian Air Force, sadly he Lost 4 of his Siblings his Father in the war of 1996 from he not getting to a underground shelter or Evacuating went a Skotadian City destroyer above Brisbane activated its main weapon and destroyed the City. he, his younger Brother and his mother Survived the War and went on Rebuild their Lives and to try to recover. In August 1997, a year after the War of 1996 he was Promoted to Lieutenant and transferred to the I.R.D. to Protect others that can Protect themselves and to defend her Home planet from any Interstellar threat like the Skotadians that would try to Exterminate her Species: Mankind and take their Planet as their own. Captain Anandini Gambhir Profile: Born in Ahmadahad, India on October 5, 1988 in a family of 9. she is one of the Survivors that survived the War of 1996, sadly she Lost 8 of her Siblings and her mother in the war of 1996 from he not getting to a underground shelter or Evacuating the city went a Skotadian City destroyer above Ahmadahad activated its main weapon and destroyed the City. She and her mother Survived the War and went on Rebuild their Lives and to try to recover. In 2006 after Graduating from High school she Decided to Join the I.R.D. academy and become U.E.R. Pilot to Protect others that can Protect themselves and to defend her Home planet from any Interstellar threat like the Skotadians that would try to Exterminate her Species: Mankind and take their Planet as their own. Major Daiki Sadahiko Profile: Born in Tokyo, Japan on May 7, 1988 into a family of 4. he is one of the Survivors that survived the War of 1996, sadly he Lost all his siblings and his mother in the war of 1996 from them not getting to a underground shelter or Evacuating the city went a Skotadian City destroyer above Tokyo activated its main weapon and destroyed the City. H e and his mother Survived the War of 1996 and went on Rebuilding their Lives and to try to recover. In 2005 after Graduating from High school she Decided to Join the I.R.D. academy to become U.E.R. Pilot to Protect others that can Protect themselves and to defend her Home planet from any Interstellar threat like the Skotadians that would try to Exterminate her Species: Mankind and take their Planet as their own. 4 1/2 Minutes later... the skotadian fleet was able to launch all their Fighter spacecraft and Remaining I.S. Missiles in the time Admiral Fortia Dynami aloud. the Enemy forces were only 43 second from to them to engage them;however as they enemy approached she made a cold heart decision, she ordered all Captains to abandon their Fighter spacecraft forces and activate their Warp dives and Return to their Home world: skotadi to give report what happen and ask reinforcements to try again to conquer Earth and take the planet as their own. 3 seconds later the went to warp and back to their Home world: Skotadi. Colonel Steven Hiller and all his fighter and bomber spacecraft saw on their Scanners as the 2 Skotidian ships went to warp and left their Solar system but saw that they have launched 7,689 spacecraft and are now in weapons range. He told all T-Rex-306 fighter spacecraft Interceptor and Velo-201 bomber Pilots \"All fighters and bombers stay with your Wing-man and fire at will Knight 1, Box 4.\" Captain Dylan Hiller \"Copy that Knight 2, Box 1.\", Knight 5 \"Copy that knight 5, Box 2.\", Panda 1 \" Copy that Panda 1, Box 4.\", Panda 3 \"Copy that Panda 3, Box 1.\" Panda 5 \"Copy that Panda 5, Box 2.\" Major Samantha Borya \"copy that Baron 1, box 2.\" Captain Alex Murphy \"Copy that Baron 2, Box 4.\" Baron 4 \"Copy that Baron 4, Box 2.\" the Remaining T-Rex-306 fighters and Velo-201 bombers launch their First wave of missiles at the enemy spacecraft. 32 Seconds later their missiles made contact with the Enemy spacecraft and destroy 4,800 enemy spacecraft. the Remaining Enemy I.S. missiles destroyed 2,209 of Colonel Steven's spacecraft and Pilots. the battle with the Remaining Enemy spacecraft took 45 minutes and ending with the U.E.R. force victorious and returning to home to their I.R.D. bases to rearm. Colonel Steven Hiller lost Major Bohlale Malaika and Captain Anandini Gambhir in during the battle along with 1,720 T-Rex-306 fighter spacecraft Interceptors and 909 Velo-201 bombers. Lieutenant Elizabeth Marcos saw on the Advance short range Senor network at I.R.D. base: Thomas J. Whitmore that the enemy ships have to Warp. she checked for any transmissions that the Skotadian might have sent and so that they were able to sent a message to their Home world: Skotadi about the solution and a request for reinforcements. she contacted General Anna Alexandra what happen to the Enemy fleet and have the message the enemy sent before going to warp. General Anna Alexandra gave her Report to the U.E.R. government above the solution their in. The U.E.R. government was both Relieved that the Skotadian fleet as left but Shock by the News that the Skotadian fleet was able to get a message to their Home world: Skotadi about the solution and a request for reinforcements; they knew that if the Skotadian Government grand their Request for reinforcements that they would Return. they ordered all of their Interstellar infrastructure of their Economy to have all their I.R.D.P. facilities to go into full Wartime production to produce as much Advance defensive and Offensive Technology as possible before the Skotadian reinforcement fleet arrives above their planet.[Chapter 3] New Ships, Bases and Preparations II the date is March 20, 2020, 1.66 years after the war of 2018 where the U.E.R. was able to turn back the Skotadian Fleet; they got to work in repairing all the war Damage that the Skotadian Battleship had do to their Civilization and to mourn the people that were killed in the War of 2018 and to prepare for went the Skotadian's might return and try to take their Planet as their very own. In Early January of 2019, the U.E.R. Scientists and engineers have after of 23 years Researching and reserved Engineering Skotadian technology have finally been able to reserve engineer some Skotadi Life systems and have designed their own Life support systems. their were able to design from the Skotadian technology Mankind's 1st advanced ventilation to recycle Co2 faster and 2nd advance fire suppression system that can put out fire abroad an Interstellar vessel faster. they have design an Advance Recycle that recycled all the used water and advanced food storage systems that can hold enough food for a generation of interstellar travel and could keep the food the abroad fresh for generation of interstellar travel. In mid June of 2019, the U.E.R. Scientists and engineers have after 23 years of Researching and reserved Engineering Skotadian technology have finally been able to reserve engineer the Skotadi Capital ship shield generation technology and have designed their own 1st generation Capital ship generation technology. they said in theory that the Capital ship Shield generation technology can produce a protective shields around an interstellar spacecraft strong enough to take 5000 Anti-spacecraft turret hits before failing and making the ship valuable to enemy fire. they test their theory by firing a Anti-spacecraft turret 500 times and found that the capital ship shield strength was down to 90% and still could more of a pounding. they give the Capital ship shield Generation Technology Prototype to the U.E.R. government to begin producing the 1st generation Advance Military Capital ship defense Technology to protect any of their own interstellar spacecraft to explore the universe or Defend from any Human interstellar spacecraft or Alien Interstellar spacecraft like the Skotadian Capital ships or from other interstellar threats. In late November of 2019, the U.E.R. scientists and engineers have after 23 years of Researching and reserved Engineering Skotadian technology have finally been able to reserve engineer the Skotadian Capital ship sub-light engine technology and have designed their own Capital ship sub-light engine technology to travel around their Solar system or universe faster. they give the Capital ship sub-light engine prototype to the U.E.R. government to begin massive produce Mankind 1st interstellar travel technology to explore their solar system or to explore the universe. In mid March of 2020, the U.E.R. Scientists and engineers have designed Mankind's 1st 2 1st Generation Interstellar Spacecraft to Explore the Universe called Jaguar Class scout ship or the X-212 and the United class Cargo ship or R-936. they said that it would take 4.495 months to have a X-212 constructed and ready for service at normal production at a single shipyard; however at wartime production at a single shipyard it would take 27.4195 days to have a X-212 ready for service. The X-212 is a lot larger than the U.E.R. Space shuttle; the X-212 is 260.4 meters in length, 52.08 meters in width and 60 meters in height/depth. the X-212 would have a crew of 96 crew-members to maintain ships systems and can carry 315 passengers. the X-212 is powered by a Massive fusion Reactor to power its advance weapons, Advance Proportion systems and life support systems. the X-212 has an Auxiliary bridge control, and a Galactic Map of the Galaxy(the U.E.R. scientists and engineers were able to recover a star map of the Galaxy from the Skotadian ship wreckage), a Self-destruct system as a last resort and Escape pods to evacuate the the ships crew. the X-212 defenses were an E.R.F shield generator to generate powerful shields and 41 Anti-spacecraft laser turrets to shoot down enemy fighters or Bombers. the X-212 armaments: 20 missile launch tubes to launch I.S. missiles among other missiles. The X-212 would 2 Engine units installed it, 1st 2 Capital Sub-light Engines and 111 thrusters (to move the X-212 Right,left, and down in space), 2nd 6 traditional supersonic Jet engines for the Fighter to move the craft inside a planets atmosphere. they give the Jaguar class Scout or the X-212 Prototype to begin mass production Mankind's 1st interstellar spacecraft to defend against any Human interstellar spacecraft or Alien Interstellar threat like the Skotadian capital ships or from other interstellar threat. the United class or R-936 would be Mankind's 1st Interstellar Cargo ship. they said that it would take 11.237 months to have a R-936 constructed and ready for service at normal production at a single shipyard; however at wartime production at a single shipyard it would take 2.2474 months to have a R-936 ready for service. The R-936 is a lot larger than the X-212 class; the R-936 is 651 meters in length, 39.06 meters in width and 150.3 meters in height/depth. the R-936 would have a crew of 394 crew-members to maintain ships systems and the ship can carry 89,512 tons of cargo. the R-936 is powered by a Massive fusion Reactor to power its advance defense systems, Advance Proportion systems and life support systems. the R-936has an Auxiliary bridge control, and a Galactic Map of the Galaxy, a Self-destruct system as a last resort and Escape pods to evacuate the ships crew. the R-936 defenses were an E.R.F shield generator to generate powerful shields and 102 Anti-spacecraft laser turrets to shoot down enemy fighters or Bombers. The R-936 would 2 Engine units installed it, 1st 2 Capital Sub-light Engines and 278 thrusters (to move the R-936 Right,left, and down in space), 2nd 15 traditional supersonic Jet engines for the Fighter to move the craft inside a planets atmosphere. they give the United class or the R-936 cargo ship Prototype to begin mass production Mankind's 1st interstellar cargo ships to go along with X-212 Scout ships in set up Military Bases or to set up Colonies on other planet. as of January 2025, the Population of Earth Went from 6.912 billion People in 2017 after the Aliens attacked to over 9.216 billion people living on the Planet as of 2025. they continued their work in repairing all the war Damage that the Skotadian Battleship had do to their Civilization. the U.E.R. scientists and engineers have also after 29 years of around the clock research and Develop have being able to Reserve Engineer some more advance Skotadian Technology; like their advanced Ship-to-ship laser cannon. In mid February of 2021, the U.E.R. Scientists and engineers have designed their 2nd Generation Fighter-spacecraft Interceptor called the T-Rex-306B Fighter interceptor. The T-Rex-306B is a little larger than the T-Rex-306 fighter spacecraft Interceptors, it is 23.887 meters in length, 16.912 meters in width and 5.875 meters in height. the T-Rex-306B would have 2 pilots to operation the fighter(a Pilot and co-pilot). the T-Rex-306B is powered by a Miniature fusion Reactor to power its advance weapons and Advance Proportion systems Reserve engineer from Alien Technology. the T-Rex-306B armaments were 4 Miniature anti-spacecraft laser turrets, 6 I.S. missiles (to use in space battles above a Planet or in Space engages away from planets), 2 traditional Air-to-Air Missile (to use in Planetary battles) and 2 Advance Air-to-Air Heat-seeker missiles(to use in Planetary battles). The T-Rex-306B would 2 Engine units installed it, 1st a Sub-light Engine and 2 traditional supersonic Jet engines for the Fighter to move the craft inside a planets atmosphere. the T-Rex-306B would have 15 Maneuvering Thrusters(3 to 4 thrusters on each wing and 8 inside the mainframe) to move the fighter right,left, up and down while in outer space to operation better and to due space combat with other interstellar Fighters. they give the T-Rex-306 Fighter interceptor Prototype to begin mass production the 2nd Generation Fighter-spacecraft Interceptor to defend against any Human or Interstellar threats. In late June of 2021 the U.E.R. Scientists and engineers have design their 2nd Generation Interstellar Bomber called the Velo-201B Bomber. The Velo-201B is a little larger the Velo-201 Bomber, it is 59.51 meters in length, 22.2365 meters in width and 14.41 meters in height. the Velo-201 would have crew of 4 to operation the Velo-201B(pilot, co-pilot, bombardier, defensive systems operator). the Velo-201B is powered by a Miniature fusion Reactor to power its advance weapons and Advance Proportion systems Reserve engineer from Alien Technology. the Velo-201B armaments be 6 I.S. missiles (to use in space battles above a Planet or in Space engages away from planets), 2 traditional Air-to-Air Missiles (to use in Planetary battles), 2 Advance Air-to-Air Heat-seeker missiles (to use in Planetary battles) and 8 Anti-starship cruiser missiles. the Velo-201 defenses would be a Fighter-spacecraft shield generation to generation defensive shield to protect it from enemy fire. The Velo-201 would 2 Engine units installed it, 1st a Sub-light Engine and 2nd 2 traditional supersonic Jet engines for the Fighter to move the craft inside a planets atmosphere. the Velo-201B would have 16 Maneuvering Thrusters(4 thrusters on each wing and 8 inside the mainframe) to move the fighter right,left, up and down while in outer space to operation better and to due space combat with other interstellar Fighters. they give the Velo-201B Fighter interceptor Prototype to begin mass production the 2nd Generation Interstellar bomber to attack any Human Spacecraft or Interstellar spacecraft threats. in Early August 2022, the U.E.R. Scientists and engineers have after 29 years of Researching and reserved Engineering Skotadian technology have finally been able to reserve engineer the massive Skotadi ship-to-ship laser cannon system and have designed Mankind's 1st generation massive ship-to-ship laser cannon system. they said in theory that the massive ship-to-ship laser cannon technology can were powerful enough to drain the protective shields around an interstellar spacecraft by 2% for every shot. they test their theory by firing a massive ship-to-ship laser cannon 25 times and found that the capital ship shield strength was down to 50% and still could more of a pounding. they give the Capital ship-to-ship laser Cannon Technology Prototype to the U.E.R. government to begin producing the 1st generation Advance Military offensive Technology to protect any of their own interstellar spacecraft to explore the universe or Defend from any Human interstellar spacecraft or Alien Interstellar spacecraft like the Skotadian Capital ships or from other interstellar threats. In Mid December of 2022, the U.E.R. scientists and engineers have create Mankind's 1st Energy Absorption Material Armored Plating Prototype to use on the Interstellar Spacecraft. they said in theory that Energy Absorption Armor Plating 11.11 inches thick can take a single ship-to-ship laser Cannon Blast before it was destroyed. they test their theory by firing a single ship-to-ship laser cannon once and found that the Energy Absorption armor was still intact from a Single ship-to-ship laser cannon Blast. they give the Energy Absorption Material Armored Plating Prototype to the U.E.R. government to begin producing Mankind's first Spacecraft Armor Plating defense Technology to protect any of their own interstellar spacecraft to explore the universe or Defend from any Human interstellar spacecraft or Alien Interstellar spacecraft like the Skotadian Capital ships or from other interstellar threats. in Mid April of 2023, the U.E.R. scientists and engineers have designed Mankind's 2nd generation fighter-spacecraft shield generation technology Prototype. they said in theory that the 2nd fighter-Spacecraft Shield generation technology can produce a protective shields around a object strong to take 7 Anti-spacecraft turret hits before failing and making the ship valuable to enemy fire. they test their theory by firing a Anti-spacecraft turret 7 times to see if the shields would hold for 7 shots and it. they give the 2nd generation Fighter-spacecraft shield Generation Technology Prototype to the U.E.R. government to begin producing the 2nd generation Military Defense Advance fighter spacecraft Shield generation Technology to give their T-Rex 306B Fighter-spacecraft interceptors and Velo-201B bomber's a better fighting change against any Human fighter-spacecraft or Interstellar fight-spacecraft like the Skotadian Fighters. on January 7, 2025, the U.E.R. decided to set up a massive I.R.D. base(5x's the size of an Avenge I.R.D. base) on the Moon and to set up a human Colony and Military outpost on Mars to have other lines of Defense to defend their Planet from an Interstellar threat. the U.E.R. have build over 30 X-212 Scout ships and 20 R-936 cargo ships to begin explore the universe or to defend their planet from an Interstellar threat. they Decided to sent New Promoted Major General Steven Hiller and 6 X-212 Scout ships and 4 R-936 Cargo ships with 358,048 tons of Raw building materials to the moon to begin setting up a massive Lunar base. the U.E.R. engineers and construction workers abroad the X-212 Scout ships and R-936 cargo ships said that it would take 1 1/2 years of around the clock construction to have the I.R.D. Lunar base completed and ready for service. the U.E.R. government decided to sent New Promoted Lt. Colonel Dylan Hiller and 15 X-212 Scout ships and 10 of their R-936 Cargo ships with 895,120 tons of Raw building materials to the Mars Certain location to begin setting up a massive Human/Martian Military base and Colony. the Colonial Military fleet set course for Mars certain Location and would have in Orbit above Mars on January 13. when the Colonial Military fleet arrive in Orbit above Mars the U.E.R. engineers and construction workers abroad the U.E.R. colonial ships in the fleet began preparations in Colonize Mars and Begin setting up a Military outpost. They said to the U.E.R. government that it would take 2 years of around the clock construction to have the I.R.D. base completed and ready for service. the U.E.R. decided to begin send the remainder of their X-212's and R-936's into 4 Military colonize fleets to go to the asteroid belt to begin set up a few mining facilities to begin mining minerals to bring back to earth to Help with their Civilization in production Raw Building Materials to help their Civilization prosper and grow. the remaining Colonial Military fleets set course for the Asteroid belt and would arrive at their location coordinates beside the asteroid belt between January 18 to January 28. as of April of 2029, the Population of Earth Went from 9.126 billion People in 2025 after the Aliens attacked to over 10.288 billion people living on the Planet as of 2029. In late April of 2026, the U.E.R. Scientists and engineers have designed Mankind's 1st Generation Interstellar warships to defend their Solar System or other Star systems that the Humans have Colonized or have meet other Intelligence Alien species that have mastered Space faring technology and made peaceful contact and have become allies. the 1st generation interstellar warships were: the Neo Nova Class Patrol Ship or TW-425 in and the Liberty class Frigate or the UR-145. they said that it would take 1.51 years to have a TW-425 constructed and ready for service at normal production at a single shipyard; however at wartime production at a single shipyard it would take 3.625 months to have a TW-425 ready for service. The TW-425 is a lot larger than the U.E.R. R-936 cargo ship class. the TW-425 is 1,050 meters in length, 210 meters in width and 242.49 meters in height/depth. the TW-425 would have a crew of 358 crew-members to maintain ships systems. the TW-425 is powered by a Massive fusion Reactor to power its advance weapons and Advance Proportion systems. the TW-425 has an Auxiliary bridge control, and a Galactic Map of the Galaxy, a Self-destruct system as a last resort and Escape pods to evacuate the the ships crew. the TW-425 defenses were an E.R.F shield generator to generate powerful shields, 1.138 meters thick energy absorption armor Plating(that can take 4 shots from a Capital ship-to-ship cannon) and 149 Anti-spacecraft laser turrets to shoot down enemy fighters or Bombers. the TW-425 armaments: 75 missile launch tubes to launch I.S. missiles among other missiles. The TW-425 would 2 Engine units installed it, 1st 4 Capital Sub-light Engines and 205 thrusters (to move the TW-425 Right,left, and down in space), 2nd 24 traditional supersonic Jet engines for the Fighter to move the craft inside a planets atmosphere. For the 1st time a small aircraft hanger that can carry 10 T-Rex-306B fighter spacecraft interceptors and a single scout ship. they give the Neo Nova Class class Patrol ship or the TW-425 Prototype to begin mass production Mankind's 1st interstellar Warship to defend their Solar System or other Star systems that they have Colonized or have meet other Intelligence Alien species that have mastered Space faring technology and made peaceful contact and have become allies. they said that it would take 1.95 years to have a Liberty class Frigate or a UR-145 constructed and ready for service at normal production at a single shipyard; however at wartime production at a single shipyard it would take 4.69 months to have a UR-145 ready for service. The UR-145 is larger than the U.E.R. TW-425 class. the UR-145 is 1,360 meters in length, 314 meters in width and 272 meters in height/depth. the UR-145 would have a crew of 572 crew-members to maintain ships systems. the UR-145 is powered by a Massive fusion Reactor to power its advance weapons and Advance Proportion systems. the UR-145 has an Auxiliary bridge control, and a Galactic Map of the Galaxy, a Self-destruct system as a last resort and Escape pods to evacuate the the ships crew. the UR-145 defenses were an E.R.F shield generator to generate powerful shields, 1.474 meters thick energy absorption armor Plating(that can take 5 shots from a Capital ship-to-ship cannon) and 265 Anti-spacecraft laser turrets to shoot down enemy fighters or Bombers. the UR-145 armaments: for the 1st time a single ship-to-ship cannon and 112 missile launch tubes to launch I.S. missiles among other missiles. The UR-145 would 2 Engine units installed it, 1st 4 Capital Sub-light Engines and 205 thrusters (to move the TW-425 Right,left, and down in space), 2nd 24 traditional supersonic Jet engines for the Fighter to move the craft inside a planets atmosphere. For the 1st time a small aircraft hanger that can carry 15 T-Rex-306B fighter spacecraft interceptors and 2 scout ships. they give the Liberty Class Frigate or the UR-145 Prototype to begin mass production Mankind's 1st interstellar Warship to defend their Solar System or other Star systems that they have Colonized or have meet other Intelligence Alien species that have mastered Space faring technology and made peaceful contact and have become allies. as of June of 2034 the People of Earth are continuing to Rebuild their Civilization back to it's former glory. the Population of Earth from 10.288 billion People in 2029 to over 11.788 Billion people living on the Planet as of 2034. In late April of 2030, they U.E.R. scientists and engineers have design more Interstellar warships to defend their Solar System or other Star systems that they have Colonized or have meet other Intelligence Alien species that have mastered Space faring technology and made peaceful contact and have become allies. the new interstellar warships that they have designed were; the William Grey Class destroyer or the SY-825, Jason Wilson Class Cruiser or the YP-912, United States class Battleship or the GR-245 and the for the 1st time Mankind's 1st Interstellar Carrier: Ding Wenchang Carrier class or the QT-183. they said that it would take 2.215 years to have a William Grey destroyer or SY-825 constructed and ready for service at normal production at a single shipyard; however at wartime production at a single shipyard it would take 5.3168 months to have a SY-825 ready for service. The SY-825 is larger than the U.E.R. UR-145 class. the SY-825 is 1,540 meters in length, 355 meters in width and 308 meters in height/depth. the SY-825 would have a crew of 1,050 crew-members to maintain ships systems. the SY-825 is powered by 2 Massive fusion Reactors to power its advance weapons, Advance defense system and Advance Proportion systems. the SY-825 has an Auxiliary bridge control, and a Galactic Map of the Galaxy, a Self-destruct system as a last resort and Escape pods to evacuate the the ships crew. the SY-825 defenses were an U.E.R. shield generator to generate powerful shields, 1.67 meters thick energy absorption armor Plating(that can take 6 shots from a Capital ship-to-ship cannon) and 219 Anti-spacecraft laser turrets to shoot down enemy fighters or Bombers. the SY-825 armaments: 2 ship-to-ship cannons and 300 missile launch tubes to launch I.S. missiles among other missiles. The SY-825 would 2 Engine units installed it, 1st 4 Capital Sub-light Engines and 300 thrusters (to move the SY-825 Right,left, and down in space), 2nd 27 traditional supersonic Jet engines for the Fighter to move the craft inside a planets atmosphere. a small aircraft hanger that can carry 20 T-Rex-306B fighter spacecraft interceptors and 3 scout ships. they give the William Grey class destroyer or the SY-825 Prototype to begin mass production Mankind's 2nd interstellar Warship to defend their Solar System or other Star systems that they have Colonized or have meet other Intelligence Alien species that have mastered Space faring technology and made peaceful contact and have become allies. they said that it would take 2.488 years to have a Jason Wilson cruiser or YP-912 constructed and ready for service at normal production at a single shipyard; however at wartime production at a single shipyard it would take 5.972 months to have a UR-145 ready for service. The YP-912 is larger than the U.E.R. SY-825 class. the YP-912 is 1,730 meters in length, 432 meters in width and 346 meters in height/depth. the YP-912 would have a crew of 1,335 crew-members to maintain ships systems. the YP-912 is powered by 3 Massive fusion Reactors to power its advance weapons, advance defense systems and Advance Proportion systems. the YP-912 has an Auxiliary bridge control, and a Galactic Map of the Galaxy, a Self-destruct system as a last resort and Escape pods to evacuate the the ships crew. the YP-912 defenses were an E.R.F shield generator to generate powerful shields, 1.877 meters thick energy absorption armor Plating(that can take 6.65 shots from a Capital ship-to-ship cannon) and 246 Anti-spacecraft laser turrets to shoot down enemy fighters or Bombers. the YP-912 armaments: 3 ship-to-ship cannons and 400 missile launch tubes to launch I.S. missiles among other missiles. The YP-912 would 2 Engine units installed it, 1st 6 Capital Sub-light Engines and 337 thrusters (to move the YP-912 Right,left, and down in space), 2nd 30 traditional supersonic Jet engines for the Fighter to move the craft inside a planets atmosphere. a small aircraft hanger that can carry 20 T-Rex-306B fighter spacecraft interceptors and 3 scout ships. they give the Jason Wilson Class Cruiser or the YP-912 Prototype to begin mass production Mankind's 3rd interstellar Warship to defend their Solar System or other Star systems that they have Colonized or have meet other Intelligence Alien species that have mastered Space faring technology and made peaceful contact and have become allies. they said that it would take 4.039 years to have a United States class battleship class or GR-245 constructed and ready for service at normal production at a single shipyard; however at wartime production at a single shipyard it would take 9.6944 months to have a UR-145 ready for service. The GR-245 is larger than the U.E.R. YP-912 class. the GR-245 is 2,808.002 meters in length, 648 meters in width and 561.604 meters in height/depth. the GR-245 would have a crew of 2,076 crew-members to maintain ships systems. the GR-245 is powered by 4 Massive fusion Reactor to power its advance weapons, advance defense systems and Advance Proportion systems. the GR-245 has an Auxiliary bridge control, and a Galactic Map of the Galaxy, a Self-destruct system as a last resort and Escape pods to evacuate the the ships crew. the GR-245 defenses were an U.E.R. shield generator to generate powerful shields, 3.047 meters thick energy absorption armor Plating(that can take 10.79 shots from a Capital ship-to-ship cannon) and 400 Anti-spacecraft laser turrets to shoot down enemy fighters or Bombers. the GR-245 armaments: 4 ship-to-ship cannon and 150 missile launch tubes to launch I.S. missiles among other missiles. The GR-245 would 2 Engine units installed it, 1st 8 Capital Sub-light Engines and 600 thrusters (to move the GR-245 Right, left, and down in space), 2nd 49 traditional supersonic Jet engines for the Fighter to move the craft inside a planets atmosphere. a small aircraft hanger that can carry 35 T-Rex-306B fighter spacecraft interceptors and 5 scout ships. They give the United States Class Battleship or the GR-245 Prototype to begin mass production Mankind's 4th interstellar Warship to defend their Solar System or other Star systems that they have Colonized or have meet other Intelligence Alien species that have mastered Space faring technology and made peaceful contact and have become allies. they said that it would take 14.370 years to have a QT-183 constructed and ready for service at normal production at a single shipyard; however at wartime production at a single shipyard it would take 2.874 years to have a QT-183 ready for service. The QT-183 is larger than the U.E.R. GR-245 class. the QT-183 is 9,990 meters in length, 1,998 meters in width and 648 meters in height/depth. the QT-183 would have a crew of 12,637 crew-members to maintain ships systems. the QT-183 is powered by 4 Massive fusion Reactors to power its advance weapons systems, advance defense systems and Advance Proportion systems. the QT-183 has an Auxiliary bridge control, and a Galactic Map of the Galaxy, a Self-destruct system as a last resort and Escape pods to evacuate the ships crew. the QT-183 defenses were an E.R.F shield generator to generate powerful shields, 3.047 meters thick energy absorption armor Plating and 265 Anti-spacecraft laser turrets to shoot down enemy fighters or Bombers. the UR-145 armaments: 4 single ship-to-ship cannon and 225 missile launch tubes to launch I.S. missiles among other missiles. The QT-183 would 2 Engine units installed it, 1st 36 Capital Sub-light Engines and 2,134 thrusters (to move the QT-183 Right, left, and down in space), 2nd 174 traditional supersonic Jet engines for the Fighter to move the craft inside a planets atmosphere. 16 Massive aircraft hanger that can carry 2,250 T-Rex-306B fighter spacecraft interceptors, 750 Velo-201B and 321 scout ships. they give the Ding Wenchang carrier Class or the QT-183 Prototype to begin mass production Mankind's 5th interstellar Warship to defend their Solar System or other Star systems that they have Colonized or have meet other Intelligence Alien species that have mastered Space faring technology and made peaceful contact and have become allies. as of July of 2038 the People of Earth are continuing to Rebuild their Civilization back to it's former glory. the Population of Earth went from 11.788 Billion People in 2034 to over 13.288 Billion people living on the Planet as of 2038. the U.E.R. scientists and engineers have been able to Research and reverse engineer have the Skotadian Advance technology. In Early March of 2036, the U.E.R. scientists and engineers have finally after 40 years of Researching and Reserve Engineering some of the Skotadian advance Sub-space communicate Relay system have created Mankind's first Advanced Sub-space communicate relay system Technology Prototype to use to faster-than-light communications in their home solar system or to communicate with other solar systems in a split second instead have taking years. they gave the Advanced Sub-space communicate relay system Technology Prototype to the U.E.R. to proof their theory to see if their Advanced Sub-space communicate relay system Technology Prototype worked. the U.E.R. producing an Advanced Sub-space communicate relay and sending a signal to a star across the galaxy and wait for the signal to return at Faster-than-light speed proofing their Theory. a few seconds later the Sub-space communicate signal returned to earth Proofing their theory. the U.E.R. military wanted all of Mankind Interstellar warships and colonies to have an Advanced Sub-space communicate relay system to use in faster-than-light communicates and to use in War. In July of of 2036 the U.E.R. decided to dramatically expanse the I.R.D. by reformer them into Mankind's first: Terra Galactic Fleet Command or the T.G.F.C. for short. the U.E.R. Decided to transfer 50% of all Earth Military Resources and Production facilities to the T.G.F.C. to have them have the ability produce their Galactic Warships to defend their home world or solar system or another solar systems that they might colonize. the T.G.F.C. The Section was found by some of the Military Officers and personal of their Planetary Air force and Navy. a New few of the New Officers Included the T.G.R.C. Commanding Fleet admiral, Admiral Abraham Marcos(American) of all T.G.F.C. forces, General of all T.G.F.C. Air Forces, General Mei Fu (Chinese), General Mitchell, Lt. General Steven Hiller, Rear Admiral(upper half), Admiral Alex Jacob(Australian), Brigadier General Mitsu Mutsuko(Japanese), Colonel Dylan Hiller and Lt. Colonel Ibbie Macario(African). the T.G.R.C. has a Galactic Fleet made up over 335 Jaguar Class scout ships or the X-212's, 134 United Class cargo ships or the R-936's, 82 Neo Nova Class Patrol ships or the TW-425's, 64 Liberty Class Frigates or the UR-145's, 74 William Grey class Destroyers or the SY-825's, 62 Jason Wilson class Cruisers or the YP-912's, 45 United states class battleships or the GR-245's, 30 Ding Wenchang Carrier class or the QT-183's along with 123,075 T-Rex-306B fighter spacecraft interceptors and 58,500 Velo-201B bombers. the T.G.F.C. has a Planetary fighter force made of over 45,000 T-Rex-306B fighter spacecraft interceptors and 15,000 Velo-201B Bombers to defense Earth from any Human or Interstellar threat. the T.G.F.C. has 480 Planetary Ship-to-ship laser Cannons and 2,400 Planetary missile silos across the planet to defend the planet from a Massive Alien fleet that might try to attack Earth. the T.G.F.C. has a defensive fleet above Earth under the Command of Rear Admiral(upper Half), Admiral Alex Jacob; the Defensive fleet is made up of 84 Jaguar Class scout ships or the X-212's, 21 Neo Nova Class Patrol ships or the TW-425's, 16 Liberty Class Frigates or the UR-145's, 21 William Grey class Destroyers or the SY-825's, 16 Jason Wilson class Cruisers or the YP-912's, 11 United states class battleships or the GR-245's and 7 Ding Wenchang Carrier class or the QT-183's along with 35,285 T-Rex-306B fighter spacecraft interceptors and 16,875 Velo-201B Bombers. the T.G.R.C. has a ground force have 46.266 million troops, 462,667 advance tanks and 231,333 artillery Pieces along with the most advance Firearms their I.R.D.P. facilities can Produce. Each Major Civilian City has 375 Advance Anti-spacecraft Laser turret defenses and 38 advance Mobile missile Launchers to launch advance missiles to protect the city from human or Interstellar Spacecraft that might try to attack Earth. the T.G.R.C. human/martian defense forces on Mars have 15,000 T-Rex-306B fighter spacecraft interceptors and 5,000 Velo-201B Bombers to defend Mars from any Human/Martian or Interstellar threat. the T.G.F.C. has 160 Planetary Ship-to-ship laser Cannons and 800 Planetary missile silos across the planet to defend the planet from a Massive Alien fleet that might try to attack Mars. the T.G.R.C. has a defensive fleet above mars under the Command of Rear Admiral(Lower half), Admiral Jessica Alexandra(the Daughter of Formerly I.R.D. General Anna Alexandra); the Defensive fleet is made up of 84 Jaguar Class scout ships or the X-212's, 20 Neo Nova Class Patrol ships or the TW-425's, 21 Liberty Class Frigates or the UR-145's, 19 William Grey class Destroyers or the SY-825's, 15 Jason Wilson class Cruisers or the YP-912's, 12 United states class battleships or the GR-245's and 6 Ding Wenchang Carrier class or the QT-183's along with 15,095 T-Rex-306B fighter spacecraft interceptors and 6,750 Velo-201B Bombers. the remaining ships were divided into 2 solar system defense fleets under the Command of Rear Admiral(lower half), Marcos Wright(British) and Newly Promoted Captain Jessica Hiller to set up defensive lines to protect their Solar system from a Alien attack. the 1st Solar system fleet is under the Command of Admiral Marcos Wright and is Located in Planetary orbit between Earth and Mars to Protect Mars and Earth from an Enemy Interstellar fleets that might reach that far. the 1st Solar system defensive fleet is made up of 63 Jaguar Class scout ships or the X-212's, 31 Neo Nova Class Patrol ships or the TW-425's, 24 Liberty Class Frigates or the UR-145's, 23 William Grey class Destroyers or the SY-825's, 19 Jason Wilson class Cruisers or the YP-912's, 11 United states class battleships or the GR-245's and 11 Ding Wenchang Carrier class or the QT-183's along with 26,605 T-Rex-306B fighter spacecraft interceptors and 12,375 Velo-201B Bombers. the 2nd solar system fleet is under the command of Newly Promoted Captain Jessica Hiller and is located in a Planetary orbit between Mars and the Asteroid belt Protect Mars and their Asteroid Belt mining facilities that were mining for Resources inside from an Enemy Interstellar fleets that might reach that far or from other Interstellar Objects(like Asteroids, meters).the 2nd Solar system defensive fleet is made up of 20 Jaguar Class scout ships or the X-212's, 10 Neo Nova Class Patrol ships or the TW-425's, 8 Liberty Class Frigates or the UR-145's, 11 William Grey class Destroyers or the SY-825's, 12 Jason Wilson class Cruisers or the YP-912's, 11 United states class battleships or the GR-245's and 6 Ding Wenchang Carrier class or the QT-183 along with over 14,600 T-Rex-306B fighter spacecraft interceptors and 6,750 Velo-201B Bombers. Captain Jessica Hiller Profile: Born on October 18, 1999 in the U.S. city of Los Angles to Steven Hiiler and Jasmine Hiller. In 2016 after Graduating from High school he decided to Join the I.R.D. academy and become U.E.R. Pilot to Protect others that can Protect themselves and to defend her Home planet from any Interstellar threat like the Skotadians that would try to Exterminate her Species:Mankind and take their Planet as their own. In 2038 after the I.R.D. was reformed into Terra Galactic Fleet Command or the T.G.F.C. for short she decided to Transfer into Navy Section of the T.G.F.C. and was Promoted to the Navy Rank of Captain(The rank of Captain in the Navy is Equal to a Colonel in the Air Force. Skotadian Rear Admiral, Admiral Fortia Dynami and her fleet returned to the Skotadian home-world: Skotadi on August 5, 2029 and began to give her report to the Skotadian Military High command on what happen in Her attack on the Primate world: Earth and to ask for reinforcements to try again to conquer Earth and take the planet as their own planet to begin taking the planets resources to keep their civilization going. as the Skotadian High command commander: Fleet admiral, Admiral Polemos Niki(Greek meaning War Victory) read her Report about her Failed attack on the Primate world: Earth. she found the Primate World native Species: Mankind was becoming more resistance Primate Spieces from them use some of their own advance technology against them. she Knew that if the Humans of Earth continue to Researching and Reverse engineer more of Advance technology that they would become a Space faring Race in 20 years. Fleet Admiral Polemos Niki Profile: Born on the Skotadian Home world on October 8, 1874 into a Family of 100 hatchlings and is the 39th Hatchling to hatch. she got along well with her other hatchling siblings but did not get to much attention from her parents. When she Graduated from her High school she decided to Join the Skotadian Military: Fleet Division of the Military which was growing rapidly with all their Empire's expanse. as years past became one of the Skotadian Military Fleet's best Admiral Officer's in the in Dealing with Inferior Intelligence and Irritating Species. after expertly helping in Deploying fleets with her Superior officers and in conquering 15 Inferior Intelligence and Irritating Species, she was Promoted to Fleet Admiral and assigned in to the High command to Coordinating Fleets to attack Irritating species and Primate worlds across the Empire and to make contact with other Space faring Races. she and the other Military High command commanders agreed too Rear Admiral Fortia Dynami request for reinforcement for one final attack on Earth before they are able to become a Space faring Race. it took them 6 months for them to organized a Massive fleet above Skotadi of warships for Rear Admiral Fortia Dynami to take to the Primate World: Earth. the massive fleet is make up 20 Skotadian destroyers, 10 Skotadian Cruisers, 5 Skotadian Battleships and 8 Skotadian Carriers to attack Earth. on January 5, 2029, Rear Admiral Fortia Dynami and her New fleet set course for Earth's solar system and activated their Warp dives. her plan was to come out of warp in the Terran system in the planetary orbit of the solar systems 5 planet: Jupiter just outside any enemy defensive lines that they have set up to stop them from Taking their Planet for them themselves. they would arrive at Earth's solar system on January 15, 2040 in one final attack on Earth before they could become a space faring Race.[Chapter 4] The Battle of the Solar System Date: January 15, 2040 Captain Marcos Jones was watched the Advance short range Senor network at T.G.R.C. Planetary base: Thomas J. Whitmore for any sign Abnormal Activate(meaning Alien Spacecraft). It was at 5:15 P.M. that He saw something on the Advance short range Senor network: 20 Skotadian Destroyers, 5 Skotadian battleships and 18 other Huge Unidentified spacecraft(the Skotadian Cruisers and spacecraft Carriers) coming out of Sub-space Near the Planetary gap between Jupiter and the Asteroid belt over 185.293 million Kilometers(115.135 million miles) away from earth and are entering an orbit around the 5th Planetary Gap to stay of any Human defensive lines and out of Possible weapons Range. Captain Marcos Jones Profile: Born in London, England on November 12, 2013. he lived though the War of 2018 but he remember very little of it. In 2030 after Graduating from High school he Decided to Join the I.R.D. academy(later the T.G.R.C.) and become U.E.R. Pilot to Protect others that can Protect themselves and to defend her Home planet from any Interstellar threat like the Skotadians that would try to Exterminate her Species: Mankind and take their Planet as their own. he contact New Promoted Lt. Colonel Elizabeth Marcos to tell her that he saw 20 Skotadian destroyers, 5 Skotadian battleships on the Advance short range Senor network and 18 other Huge Unidentified spacecraft(the Skotadian Cruisers and spacecraft carriers) coming out of Sub-space Near the Planetary gap between Jupiter and the Asteroid belt over 538.958 million Kilometers(334.893 million miles) away from earth and are entering the 5th planetary gap. Lt. Colonel Elizabeth Contacted Colonel Dylan Hiller tell him the same thing that Captain Marcos Jones told her, which in turn Colonel Dylan Hiller contacted T.G.R.C. fleet admiral, Admiral Abraham Marcos to tell him about the Solution. Admiral Abraham Marcos Called an Emergency meet of all Key T.G.R.C., Admirals, Generals, Colonels and Captains to discuss about the 18 Huge Unidentified spacecraft(the Skotadian Cruisers and spacecraft carriers) that just coming out of Sub-space Near the Planetary gap between Jupiter and the Asteroid belt over 185.293 million Kilometers(115.135 million miles) away from earth and are entering the 5th planetary gap and on what are the 18 Unidentified Skotadian spacecraft and how to response. they talked for about 2 hours and check the old Skotadian Transmission that the Skotadian attack fleet of 2018 sent to their Home world: Skotadi. they agreed that the Skotadian Government responded to the Distress call have sent 43 Warships as reinforcements to try exterminate their Species and take their Planet for themselves. they asked their linguists to search though the Skotadian Database to search for information on the Skotadian Warships classes to see which Skotadian Warships have came to Earth. It took them a Few hours to search the Skotadian database and found the Skotadian classes of warships that match the measures of the massive Spacecraft Above their Planet: the Skotadian Cruiser and the spacecraft carrier classes. a Skotadian cruiser is one of the most powerful warships in the Skotadian fleet. the ship is 65.58 kilometers(40.74 miles) in Length, 50.82 Kilometers(31.57 miles) in width and 41.25 Kilometers(25.63 miles) in Height. the ship has crew of 80,533 crew-members to maintain the ships systems. the ship is powered by 74 fusion Reactors to power its Advance Proportion systems and Advance defensive systems. the Skotadian cruiser armaments: 195 ship-to-ship Laser cannons and 1,950 Missile Tube Launchers to launch their own Advanced I.S. Missiles, Air-to-Air missiles, Air-to-Ground missiles, and Anti-starship cruiser missiles. the ships defense systems were:16,738 anti-spacecraft laser turrets to defend the ship from enemy spacecraft and 1,431 Fighter-spacecraft interceptors to Attack or Defense their Ship from another Enemy Capital ship. The ship has 2 Engine units installed it, 1st 75 Capital ship Sub-light Engines and with 22,491 maneuvering thrusters to move the ship in a Planets atmosphere, 2nd a warp dive for the ship to travel Faster-than-light speed between the Stars. a Skotadian spacecraft carrier is the most powerful warship and is the backbone of the Skotadian fleet. the ship is 298 kilometers(185.16 miles) in Length, 231 Kilometers(143.53 miles) in width and 140.625 Kilometers(87.38 miles) in Height. the ship has crew of 669,678 crew-members to maintain the ships systems. the ship is powered by 344 fusion Reactors to power its Advance Proportion systems and Advance defensive systems. the Skotadian carrier armaments: 49 ship-to-ship Laser cannons and 975 Missile Tube Launchers to launch their own Advanced I.S. Missiles, Air-to-Air missiles, Air-to-Ground missiles, and Anti-starship cruiser missiles. the ships defense systems were: 17,875 anti-spacecraft laser turrets to defend ship from enemy spacecraft and 26 massive spacecraft hangers to carry 13,000 Fighter-spacecraft Interceptors to Attack or Defense their Ship from another Enemy Capital ship. The ship has 2 Engine units installed it, 1st 304 Capital ship Sub-light Engines, 2nd a warp dive for the ship to travel Faster-than-light speed between the Stars. Date January 16, 2040 the Next Day T.R.G.C. Fleet Admiral, Admiral Abraham Marcos contacted the U.E.R. government to inform them about the solution above Earth. the U.E.R. governing council agreed with President Daniel Alexander and took the U.E.R. government to DECON 1, ordered all Planetary State Governments to either begin tell all their major cities to sent and many Citizens into the Massive underground bunkers just outside each of their major cities or to sent them to a lot smaller cities and town to spread them out to keep as low of a Casualties went the Battle of Earth and of the Solar system Begins. President Daniel Alexander Inform all or the U.E.R. Commanding Military officers of all their Branches(Army,Navy, Marine, Air Force and Interstellar Defense forces) Mobilize all their forces and be ready for war with the Skotadian Fleet in the 4th Planetary Gap. T.R.G.C. Fleet Admiral, Admiral Abraham Marcos ordered all T.R.G.C. forces under his Command to Prepare for war against the Skotadian fleet in the 5th Planetary Gap. he wanted all T.R.G.C. Fleets and Planetary bases to have all T-Rex-306B fighter-spacecraft interceptors and Velo-201B Interstellar Bombers in their Fleets and Planetary bases to be armed and ready to Engage the Skotadian Fleet in the 5th Planetary gap or in went the Skotadian Fleet begins to headed toward Earth. while the U.E.R. was preparing for the coming Attack the Skotadian fleets commanding officer: Rear Admiral(Lower half), Admiral Fortia Dynami is Preparing for her fleets attack on Earth to begin the Exterminating this Inferior Intelligence and Irritating Species: Mankind. she spoke with her follow Officers on a plan to Exterminate the Mankind without having to put their ships in Possible Enemy weapons Range. she has learned from her 1st attack fleets failed attack that went she lost a Skotiadian battleship and all their destroyer armaments to not underestimated this Inferior intelligence and irritating species: Mankind. She thought about the Possible that Mankind could have Reserved Engineered more of their Advance technology and could use their Advance technology against them, like if Mankind was able to Reserved Engineer their Capital ship Proportion Technology or ship-to-ship laser cannons that Mankind Could attack them at any Moment. she told her though to her Fleet Captains and told them while planning for an Attack on this Inferior Intelligence and Irritating Species to be Both Cautious and forcefully went attacking this Planet because there a Slam change that they could be defeated if not being careful and Forcefully enough to Exterminate Mankind. They Came up with a Plan to begin Extermination this Inferior Intelligence and Irritating Species: Mankind in both cautiously and forcefully. they decided to use the ship tractor beam technology to pull over 50,000 Asteroids from Earth's asteroid belt (ranging from a few meters and about the size of a William Grey class destroyer or a SY-825) and sent them toward Earth to soft their defenses by having Earth's planetary defenses to launch their I.S. missiles and Anti-starships cruiser missiles(that could be used as asteroid buster) to intercept the Asteroids before the enter Earth atmosphere and head to their Planetary Targets. they won't have any of their Capital ships come in close to the Earth and be in danger from Earth's Planetary anti-starship cruiser missiles and I.S. missiles or from the Planet's home-world fighter spacecraft interceptor defenses. while they were sending asteroids to Earth to soft up their Interstellar defense they would launch a Full of competent of fighter spacecraft interceptors from a Skotadian spacecraft carrier and have 1/4 of their destroyers and Criusers to launch I.S. missiles to attack the enemy Defense fleet in Planetary orbit between Mars and the Asteroid Belt clearing the first enemy defensive line. after they soft up Earth's Interstellar defenses with Asteroids they would begin bring in their Battleships, Cruisers, and spacecraft carriers to launch fighter spacecraft interceptors to destroy what was left of enemy fighter spacecraft interceptors and bombers and to begin bombarding Earth's Major cities and destroy Mankind's infrastructure to destroy their Ability to process Raw building materials to keep their Civilization going. January 17, 2040 at 7:00 A.M. of January 17, 2040, Skotadian Rear Admiral Fortia Dynami ordered her fleet began its Planned attack on Earth. Captain Marcos Jone so on the Advance short range Senor network and a their are over 21,600 fast moving Asteroids head towards Earth and would make Contact with the Earth in less than 17 days, 7 hours, 54 minutes and 46.08 seconds. he Immediately pick up the Phone that Connect direct admiral Abraham Marcos and told him that are a lot of very fast moving asteroids head towards Earth and would make Contact with the Earth in less than 17 days and 7 hours. Admiral Abraham Marcos got on the Phone that Connect to all the T.G.R.C. Planetary missile silos and said to all \"this is admiral Abraham Marcos to all Missile silos and all ships in orbit fire as many I.S. and Anti-starship cruiser missiles missiles I.S. missiles in 17 days and 7 hours or less to intercept all enemy targets coming in to attack.\" all the Earth planetary missile Silos bases and Earth's defensive fleet responded are were able to launch over 21,600 I.S. missiles and Anti-starship Cruiser missiles to intercept the Asteroids before they reach Earth's atmosphere and head to their targets. on January 31 at 1:59:45 P.M. all I.S. missiles and Anti-starship Cruiser missiles were heading to intercept the asteroids heading towards Earth. 15 seconds later the missiles made contact with the enemy objects and destroyed all the asteroids heading toward earth. the People at the T.R.G.C. command celebrate the victory from their missile intercepting the Asteroids that the Skotadian ships tractor beamed toward earth. it was short living went Captain Marcos Jones Contact Admiral Abraham Marcos that another Wave of 32,400 asteroids were coming in and would make contact with them in 12 days, 23 hours, 13 minutes and 55 seconds. During the 1st wave of I.S. missiles and Anti-starhips and the waiting period another 32,400 I.S. and Anti-starship missiles to intersect the next wave of Asteroids heading towards earth. as the 2nd wave of asteroids were heading toward Earth, the I.S. and Ant-starship missiles were able to get into orbit and heading toward the Asteroids that were heading from Earth. 3 seconds later their missiles made contact with the asteroids and destroy all of them. after the 2nd Wave space battle was over he received a message form Captain Marcos Jones Contact Admiral Abraham Marcos that another Wave of 48,600 asteroids were coming in and would make contact with them in a minute. During the 2nd wave space battle and the waiting period another 48,600 I.S. and Anti-starship missiles to intersect the Next wave of Asteroids heading towards Earth. on February 13 at 12:46:05 P.M. all I.S. missiles and Anti-starship Cruiser missiles were heading to intercept the asteroids heading towards Earth. 5 seconds later the missiles made contact with the enemy objects and destroyed all the asteroids heading toward earth. after the 3rd Wave space battle was over Admiral Abraham Marcos received a message form Captain Marcos Jones telling him that another Wave of 72,900 asteroids were coming in and would make contact with them in 12 days, 23 hours, 13 minutes and 55 seconds. January 17, 2040 the Battle of the 5th Planetary Gap at 10:30 A.M. January 17, 2040, a few hours after Admiral Abraham Marcos ordered all of Planetary Missile Silos to launch I.S. and Anti-starship cruiser missiles to intercept the Asteroids that were heading towards Earth's to soft off their Interstellar defenses; Captain Marcos Jones told admiral Abraham Marcos that he saw on the Advance short range Senor network a Skotadian spacecraft carrier, 5 Skotadian Destroyers and 2 Skotadian cruisers heading for the 2nd Solar system defense fleet to attack and destroy 2nd solar system defense fleet. Admiral Abraham Marcos ordered the 2nd solar System defense Fleet under the Command of Captain Jessica Hiller to have her Fleet prepare all ships in her fleet to bring all their Weapon systems and Defense systems online and to have all the T-Rrex-306B fighter spacecraft Interceptors and Velo-201B Bombers in her fleet armed and ready to launch went the Skotadian fleet would attack them on January 25, 2040 at 10:30:16 hours. (it would take a little more than 8 day, 12 hours and a minute and 26 seconds at Maximum Capital ship sub-light speed, for the Skotadian ships Admiral Fortia Dynami ordered to attack them to arrive in range of launching their Fighter spacecraft from their spacecraft carrier.) on January 25, 2040, at 10:30 hours the Skotadian ships began their attack on the 2nd solar system defense fleet, by their destroyers and cruisers launching their 1st wave: 10,400 of I.S. and Anti-starship missiles at the Enemy fleet to test their defense capabilities to see if they could launch their own I.S. missiles to intercept their missiles and they did. Captain Jessica Hiller ordered all her fleets ships to launch as many I.S. missiles as possible in 4 minutes and 10 seconds to intercept the enemy missiles. the 2nd solar System defense fleet's destroyers and cruisers were able to launch 10,400 I.S. missiles to intercept the enemy missile heading for them. In 4 minutes later their I.S. missiles intercepted and destroyed all the enemy missiles that were heading for the fleet. however Captain Jessica Hiller saw on her ships senors that the Enemy ships have fired another wave of 15,600 I.S. missiles and would make contact with their fleet in 4 minutes and 15 seconds. she ordered all ships to launch as many I.S. missiles as possible to intercept the 2nd wave of Enemy I.S. Missiles. her fleet was able to launch another 15,600 I.S. missile to intercept the 2nd wave of Enemy I.S. missiles. 4 minutes and 10 seconds later their I.S. missiles intercepted and destroyed all the enemy missiles that were heading toward the 2nd solar system defense fleet. Yet again Captain Jessica Hiller saw on her ships sensors that the Enemy ships have fired another wave of 23,400 I.S. missiles and would make contact with their fleet in 4 minutes and 5 seconds. she ordered all ships to launch as many I.S. missiles as possible to intercept the 2nd wave of Enemy I.S. Missiles. her fleet was able to launch another 23,400 I.S. missile to intercept the 3rd wave of Enemy I.S. missiles. 4 minutes later their I.S. missiles intercepted and destroyed all the enemy missiles that were heading toward the 2nd solar system defense fleet. the battle of the 5th Planetary Gap continue as a Missile to Missile battle for over 8 minutes and 40 seconds ending with the all the Skotidan ships attacking them running out of I.S. and Anti-starship cruiser missiles to launch against the 2nd solar system defense fleet. Captain Jessica Hiller fleet lost 83%(110,416) of their I.S. Missiles but still could launch more to attack the enemy attack fleet. the next stage of the Battle both sides decided that it was time to launch their fighter spacecraft to try to take control of the space of 5th planetary gap. the Skotadian Commanding officer of the skotadian fleet attacking the 2nd solar system defense fleet decided to launch their 1st wave of fighter spacecraft interceptors to attack the enemy fleet. In 4 minutes their ships have launched 773 fighter spacecraft and are heading to the enemy fleet. Captain Jessica Hiller saw on her ships sensors that the Enemy ships have launched 773 fighter spacecraft to attack them. she ordered all her fleet's carriers to launch their 1st wave of T-Rex-306B fighter spacecraft interceptors in less than 3 1/2 minutes to defend the fleet from the incoming enemy spacecraft fighters. in that time Captain Jessica Hiller's fleet was able to launch 844 T-Rex-306B fighter spacecraft interceptors under the command of Captain Josef Whitmore along with Commander Ronald Smith as his 2nd in commander to intercept the incoming enemy spacecraft fighters. Captain Josef Whitmore Profile: Born in New York city, U.S. on April 12, 2013 into a family of 3, he is the 2nd grandson of former U.S. President Thomas J. Whitmore; he lived though the War of 2018. In 2030 after Graduating from High school he Decided to Join the I.R.D. academy(later the T.G.R.C.) and become U.E.R. Pilot to Protect others that can Protect themselves and to defend her Home planet from any Interstellar threat like the Skotadians that would try to Exterminate her Species: Mankind and take their Planet as their own. Commander Ronald Smith Profile: Born in Liverpool, England on May 8, 2016 into a family of 4; he lived though the War of 2018 but remembers very little. In 2033 after Graduating from High school he Decided to Join the I.R.D. academy(later the T.G.R.C.) and become U.E.R. Pilot to Protect others that can Protect themselves and to defend her Home planet from any Interstellar threat like the Skotadians that would try to Exterminate her Species: Mankind and take their Planet as their own. in 2038 he was Transferred to the T.G.R.C. space Navy section and Promoted to Commander. 3 minutes and 15 second later.. Captain Josef Whitmore and all his T-Rex-306B fighter spacecraft interceptors were in weapons range. He told all T-Rex-306B fighter spacecraft Interceptor Pilots \"All fighters stay with your Wing-man and fire at will Beaver 1, Box 4.\" Commander Ronald Smith \"Copy that Beaver 2, Box 1.\", Beaver 5 \"Copy that Beaver 5, Box 2.\" Beaver 7 \"copy that Beaver 7, Box 3.\" the Remaining T-Rex-306B fighter Interceptors launch their First wave of missiles at the enemy spacecraft. 10 Seconds later their missiles made contact with the Enemy spacecraft and destroy the Entire 1st wave of enemy spacecraft. Captain Josef Whitmore was contacted by Captain Jessica Hiller that he pick up on her ships sensors that another wave of 1,160 enemy fighter spacecraft headed for them and would make contact with their fleet in 3 minutes. the Battle between the 2nd solar system defense fleet and the Skotadian fleet's fighter spacecraft forces continued for 1 1/2 days and ending with the 2nd solar system defense fleet T-Rex-306B fighter spacecraft interceptor forces being victorious but have lost 1,109 T-Rex-306B fighter spacecraft interceptors. they returned to their ships to rearm their fighters with I.S. missiles and organize an attack force to attack the Skotadian fleet attacking them. Captain Jessica Hiller and her fellow officers decided to send all their remaining I.S. missiles, T-Rex-306B fighter spacecraft interceptors and Velo-201B bombers to attack and destroy the Skotadian fleet attacking them. it took them 45 minutes to launch and assemble all their fighter and bomber forces under the command of Captain Josef Whitmore and Commander Ronald Smith and is the commanding officer of the Veol-201B bomber force to begin their Attack on the Enemy fleet. they set course to the enemy fleets location and to begin their attack to destroy the skotadian attack forces. as the 2nd solar system defense fleet fighter spacecraft fighter forces were heading to the skotadian attack fleet Rear Admiral, Admiral Fortia Dynami ordered the Captain of the spacecraft carrier in the attack fleet to retreat back to the main fleet while their support ships survive themselves to prepare covering fire to not their spacecraft carrier be destroyed by the 2nd solar system defense fleet I.S. missiles, T-Rex-306B fighter spacecraft interceptor and Velo-201B bomber forces heading to attack and destroy the fleet she send to destroy them. Captain Jessica Hiller saw on her fleets sensors that the skotadian Spacecraft carrier in retreating from the battle and heading to the main enemy fleet for protection from them and to not be destroyed by her fleet's I.S. missiles, T-Rex-306B fighter spacecraft interceptor and Velo-201B bomber forces heading to them. she ordered Captain Josef Whitmore to ignore the retreating Enemy spacecraft carrier and focus on destroying their remaining ships that were left behind. 4 minutes later... Captain Josef Whitmore and all the I.S. missiles along with all the T-Rex-306B fighter spacecraft interceptors and the Velo-201B Bomber were in weapons range. however the Skotidan commanding officer of the Skotidan attack fleet ordered all his destroyers and cruisers to bring online all their anti-spacecraft laser turrets to try to destroy the enemy fighter and bomber spacecraft forces that are heading for them and to provide covering fire for their retreat spacecraft carrier. Captain Josef Whitmore told all T-Rex-306B fighter spacecraft Interceptor Pilots \"All fighters and bombers watch for Anti-spacecraft Laser Turret fire, stay with your Wing-man and fire at will Beaver 1, Box 4.\" Beaver 3 \"Copy that Beaver 3, box 2.\" Beaver 5 \"Copy that Beaver 5, Box 1.\" Commander Ronald Smith \"Copy that Loin 1, Box 1.\", Loin 3 \"Copy that Loin 3, Box 3 \" Loin 5 \"Copy that Lion 5, Box 2.\" the Remaining T-Rex-306B fighter Interceptors launch their First wave of missiles at the enemy spacecraft. 10 Seconds later their missiles made contact with the Enemy spacecraft and began damaged the enemy ships. the major space battle between the skotadian attack fleet and the 2nd solar system defense fleet fighter and bomber spacecraft forces lasted for 20 hours and end with the Skotadian fleet being destroyed; however Captain Josef Whitmore lost 90% of his T-Rex-306B fighter spacecraft interceptors and 5/8 of his Velo-201B bombers along with his 2nd in command Commander Ronald Smith. the 1st Battle of the 4th Planetary gap went to the U.E.R. forces. At 7:55 A.M. on February 5, 2040 Rear Admiral Fortia Dynami as her Spacecraft carrier has returned from the attack on 2nd solar system defense fleet. she ordered 2 Spacecraft carrier, 2 battleships, 10 destroyers and 5 cruisers to try again to attack and destroy the 2nd solar system defense fleet to get close to their main target: Earth. the fleet would arrive on February 13, 2040 at 7:55 P.M. to attack the enemy fleet. Captain Jessica Hiller was contacted by Fleet Admiral Abraham Marcos and told her that the enemy fleet is sending another wave of warships and is heading for them and would arrive on February 13, 2040 at 7:55 P.M. Admiral Told Captain Jessica Hiller that he ordered the Mars defense fleet under the command of Rear Admiral(lower Half), Admiral Jessica Alexandra to leave mars and heading for their Location to reinforcement them and to be ready went the Enemy fleet arrives; however the Mars defense fleet would take 16 days, 17 hours, 36 minutes and about 23 seconds to reach them meaning that the fleet would arrive at the 2nd solar system defense fleet on February 23, 2040 at 1:31 A.M. February 13, 2040 at 7:55 P.M. the Skotadian attack fleet as arrived near the 2nd solar system defense fleet location. Captain Jessica Hiller however made a decision that would save most of her fleet from Annihilation and would save many lives; she decided to ordered her fleet to retreat and made contact with Rear Admiral(lower half), Admiral Jessica Alexandra that she ordered her fleet to retreat and is heading toward their to meet up and attack the skotadian fleet that was at the 2nd Solar system defense fleet location. Admiral Jessica Alexandra agreed with Captain Jessica Hiller decision to retreat her fleet from the Massive enemy fleet send to destroy her fleet. they would meet on February 18, 2040 at 7:55 P.M. the 2 fleets meet and for 12 hours their reorganized their fleet and continue on course to intercept the enemy fleet. Admiral Jessica Alexandra and her fellow officers planned and try to destroy and many enemy ships before they become overwhelmed and being forced to retreat back to Mars or the 3 Planetary gap where the 1st Solar system defense fleet is located. February 22, 2040 on February 22, 2040 at 1:00 P.M. 72,900 of Earth Planetary defense I.S. missiles have been launched over the course of the waiting period between the waves of Asteroid heading toward Earth. 5 seconds later the missiles made contact with the asteroids heading toward Earth and destroyed all of them. after the 4rd Wave space battle was over Admiral Abraham Marcos received a message form Captain Marcos Jones telling him that another Wave of 109,350 asteroids were coming in and would make contact with them in 12 days, 23 hours, 13 minutes and 55 seconds on March 6, 2040 at 12:00 P.M. During the waiting period between the 4th and 5th wave they were able to launch another 109,450 I.S. and Anti-starship missiles to intersect the Next wave of Asteroids heading towards Earth; On March 6, 2040 12:00 P.M. as the 5th wave of asteroids were heading toward Earth, they were able to launch 109,350 the I.S. and Ant-starship missiles were able to get into orbit and heading toward the Asteroids that were heading from Earth. 3 seconds later their missiles made contact with the asteroids and destroy all of them. after the 5th Wave space battle was over he received a message form Captain Marcos Jones Contact Admiral Abraham Marcos that another Wave of 164,025 asteroids were coming in and would make contact with them in 12 days, 21 hours, 13 minutes and 55 seconds on March 19, 2040 at 9:13 A.m. During the waiting period between the 5th and 6th waves they were able to launch another 164,025 I.S. and Anti-starship missiles to intersect the Next wave of Asteroids heading towards Earth. the bombardment of Earth continuing with 4 more waves and lasted for another 1.6919 months and end on May 8, 2040 at 11:46 P.M. with Skotadian Rear Admiral, Admiral Fortia Dynami and her follow officer's plan working in weakling Earth interstellar defenses. the Earth defense fleet being destroy be the waves of asteroids; the asteroids were able to destroyed 100 military installations across the planet with some being quick enough in getting thought Earth's I.S. missiles defenses and hitting their targets along 16.5165 million military personal being killed and with over 50,000 T-Rex-306B fighter spacecraft interceptors and 12,500 Velo-201B Bombers from the asteroids being quick enough in getting thought Earth's I.S. missiles defenses and hitting their targets. the asteroids have destroyed 196 Major cities and have killed 165.165 million people across the Planet from some of the asteroids quick enough in getting thought Earth's I.S. missiles and anti-starship missile defenses hitting small to moderately sized towns that were populated from the major cities habit travel to those towns to try to keep as of a number of casualties went the battle for the solar system began. the remain population was and hitting their most of those city's inhabits were sent into the Massive underground bunkers just outside each of their major cities or to sent them to a lot smaller cities and towns to spread them out to keep as low of a Casualties went the Battle of Solar System began. during the bombardment the T.G.F.C. high command went into their underground bunker to not get killed by the bombing asteroid. Fleet admiral, admiral Abraham Marcos ordered the 1st Solar system defense fleet under the command of Admiral Marcos Wright in orbit in the 4th Planetary gap to go and attack the skotadian attack fleet in the 4th planetary gap and destroy the enemy fleet and them head to the remaining enemy forces in the 5th planetary gap and to either destroy or force the enemy forces to leave the solar system. they would arrive at the enemy fleet position in the 5th Planetary gap on the asteroid field side that is nearest to Earth on May 15, 2040 at 6:56 A.M. Admiral Fortia Dynami ordered all her remain ships to stop with the asteroid bombardment of the Earth. however the battle for solar was far from over she saw on her ships sensors that their was a Human colony on the 4th planet of their solar system and that was heavy defend and that there is an enemy fleet in the Solar systems 4th planetary gap and is heading to her fleet location to annihilate them or force her forces to left their Solar system and stop attack them and tell them their planet was not wreath more Military resources and personal. during the bombardment of Earth the U.E.R. fleet heading to the enemy attack fleet the was in the 5th planetary gap final arrived at the location on February 24, 2040 at 1:31 P.M. and able 5 minutes away from were the Skotadian fleet is located and both were in weapons range of each other; the skotadian attack fleet attack first by firing a Wave of 26,000 I.S. missiles and anti-starship cruiser missiles heading for 2nd solar system defense fleet and would make contact in 4 1/2 minutes. Admiral Jessica Alexandra ordered her ships to launch the same number of I.S. missiles to intercept the enemy I.S. and anti-starship cruiser missiles in 4 minutes and 45 seconds. while the enemy missiles were heading for them her fleet was able to launch the same amount I.S. missiles in the 4 minutes to Intercept the enemy missiles. 45 seconds later their I.S. missiles intercepted and destroyed all the enemy missiles that were heading toward them. however Captain Jessica Hiller told Admiral Jessica Alexandra that she saw other wave of enemy missiles heading them. both fleets continue missile bombarding each other for 40 minutes and ended with the 2nd Solar system defense fleet running out of I.S. missiles and with the enemy I.S. missiles and Anti-starship cruisers making contact with the 2nd solar system defense fleet destroying it due to the overwhelming numbers of I.S. and Anti-starship cruisers missiles. the Skotadian attack fleet lost 82.8%(215,462) of their I.S. and Anti-starship cruiser missiles. the 2nd round of the Planetary 5th Gap went to the Skotadian fleet. March 6, 2040 at 6:56 A.M. the 2nd Battle of the 5th Planetary gap the battle between 1st solar system defense fleet under the Admiral Marcos Wright reach the enemy fleet in the 5th planetary gap and are ready to begin their attack of the enemy fleet. they began to launch wave after wave of I.S. missiles to try to destroy the enemy fleet ability to launch more I.S. and Anti-starship cruiser missiles. the missile battle between the 2 fleets lasted for over 40 minutes and ended at with the skotadian ships running out of I.S. and Anti-starship missiles to defense themselves. the 1st solar system defense fleet lost 17.8%(44,538) of their I.S. and Anti-starship cruiser missiles. the next Stage of 5th Planetary gap battle would back main be an fighter spacecraft battle between the 2 fleets to gain control of the 5th planetary gap in fighter spacecraft. Admiral Marcos Wright decided to launch all the T-Rex-306B fighter spacecraft interceptors and Velo-201B bombers to attack the Enemy fleet. Admiral choose Newly Promoted major Aadith Gambhir as the commander of all T-Rex-306B fighter spacecraft interceptor and Velo-201B bomber forces and Newly Promoted Captain Anthony Marcos as his 2nd in command and the command officer of the Velo-201B bomber forces that he ordered to be launched. Captain Anandini Gambhir Profile: Born in Ahmadahad, India on February 21, 2013 into a family of 5 and he lived though the War of 2018. In 2030 after Graduating from High school he Decided to Join the I.R.D. academy and become U.E.R. Pilot to Protect others that can Protect themselves and to defend his Home planet from any Interstellar threat like the Skotadians that would try to Exterminate her Species: Mankind and take their Planet as their own. In 2038 after the I.R.D. was reformed into Terra Galactic Fleet Command or the T.G.F.C. for short she decided to Transfer into Interstellar defense Navy Section of the T.G.F.C. and was Promoted to the Navy Rank of Commander. Captain Anthony Marcos Profile: Born in London, England on May 15, 2016 into a family of 3 and he lived thought the war of 2018 but remembered very little. In 2035 after Graduating from High school he decided to Join the I.R.D. academy and become U.E.R. Pilot to Protect others that can Protect themselves and to defend his Home planet from any Interstellar threat like the Skotadians that would try to Exterminate her Species: Mankind and take their Planet as their own. In 2038 after the I.R.D. was reformed into Terra Galactic Fleet Command or the T.G.F.C. for short she decided to Transfer into interstellar Air force Section of the T.G.F.C. and was Promoted to the Air force Rank of Lieutenant. it took over 3 hours to launch all their T-Rex-306B fighter spacecraft interceptors and Velo-201B bombers. Captain Anandini Gambhir along with all the T-Rex-306B fighter spacecraft interceptor and Velo-201B bomber forces set course to engage the enemy fleet. 4 1/2 minutes later Captain Anandini Gambhir told all his T-Rex-306B fighter spacecraft interceptors and Velo-201B bomber pilots under his command \"All fighters and bombers watch for Anti-spacecraft Laser Turret fire, stay with your Wing-man and fire at will King Cobra 1, Box 4.\" King Cobra 3 \"Copy that King Cobra 3, box 2.\" King Cobra 5 \"Copy that King Cobra 5, Box 1.\" Captain Anthony Marcos \"Copy that Loin 1, Box 1.\", Loin 3 \"Copy that Loin 3, Box 3 \" Loin 5 \"Copy that Lion 5, Box 2.\" the Remaining T-Rex-306B fighter Interceptors launch their First wave of missiles at the enemy spacecraft. so begins a long fighter and bomber Spacecraft battle in the 5th Planetary gap between the 2 fleets. the Fighter spacecraft and Bomber battle between the 2 fleets lasted for 10 hours ended with the Skotadian attack fleet being destroyed. the 1st solar system defense fleet lost 26.6% (7,082) T-Rex-306B fighter spacecraft interceptors and 19% (2,361) Velo-201B bombers in the attack of the enemy fleet. the remaining T-Rex-306B fighter spacecraft interceptors and Velo-201B bomber returned to their Capital ships to rearm and go to their Next Target: the remaining enemy fleet between Jupiter and the asteroid belt. March 7, 2040 at 5:30 A.M. as for Skotadian Rear Admiral(Lower Half), Admiral Fortia Dynami, after seeing this Inferior Intelligence and Irritating Species: Mankind Being able to defense their Solar system from her Attack by having their own interstellar spacecraft to defend their Solar system from receive engineer some of their Capital ship Proportion, defensive and offensive technology to intercept their forces and destroying over 60% of her forces: 15 Destroyers, 7 Cruisers, 2 Battleships and 2 spacecraft carriers along with over 30,000 Fighter spacecraft. She was very Impressive on Mankind was able defend their Solar system from their Attack. she has seeing from these battles on how Mankind was able to combine their Instinct of Determination and Intelligence in to Researching and Reserve Engineer their Advance interstellar Capital ship Technology into create their own Advance Capital ship technology basic off of their Technology that was left in the Wreckage from their ships in the attack of 2018. she began admired Mankind's Determination and ability to Research and Reserve engineer more of their advance technology in such a short time. she thought that if timing were different that Mankind was able to become an advance space faring race before one of their Military colony mother ships made contact with them that her People and their People could have become good friends instead of enemies. she called a officer meeting of her remaining ships to decide opinions on what to due next. they discuss for 3 hours about the possible opinions available to them like leaving the 5th Planetary orbit and have their remaining spacecraft carriers, Destroyers and battleships go to the location of the 1st solar defense fleet ad try to destroy the fleet and head to Earth to began bombard the planet from orbit which she rejected because Earth Interstellar defenses were to strong and because she didn't want to loss any more Capital ships. 2nd they could launch all of their fighter spacecraft and Remaining I.S. missiles in one final attack on 1st solar system defense fleet to destroy the fleet and than move on toward Earth which she keep in mind for a possible opinion. before they could act on a Planned Opinion Mankind had their 1st Solar system defense fleet to go to 5th Planetary orbit and destroy the remaining skotadian ships. Skotadian Rear Admiral, Admiral Fortia Dynami decided to that she has lost to much of her military resources to made this Military campaign not wreath as much as they were losing. she sent a message to Skotadi saying that she has cannel the Campaign against Earth because is losing to must of her Military resources and that Earth is to while defend to continue the fight against Mankind and is returning home for her Next assignment. before she ordered her ships to go to warp she send a message to the People of Terra solar system saying \"Well, played Humans of Earth, you have shown that you a capable of resisting and destroying owner Military forces at our attempts to try to take your planet, We will no longer attack your Solar system. Welcome to the Interstellar Community, Earthlings.\" Captain Marcos Jones saw on the Advance short range Senor network at T.G.F.C. base: Thomas J. Whitmore that the enemy ships have to Warp. he checked for any transmissions that the Skotadian might have sent and they received the message that the Skotadian fleet's commanding officer sent to them. she contacted T.G.F.C. Fleet Admiral, Admiral Abraham Marcos what happen to the Enemy fleet and have the message the enemy sent before going to warp. Fleet Admiral, Admiral Abraham Marcos gave his Report to the U.E.R. government and they Relieved that the Skotadian fleet left and got a message from the Skotadain Commanding officer saying that the Skotadian would not attack them any more. however the U.E.R. realist that they have taking their first steps into space travel. they ordered all of their Interstellar infrastructure of their Economy to have all their I.R.D.P. facilities to continue as many interstellar starships to begin explore the universe and to continue researching Advance defensive and Offensive Technology to defend themselves from other hostile aliens or to make peaceful contact with alien races that want to conexit with Them.[Chapter 5] New Technology and New Ships II the date is May 27, 2056, over 16 years after the war of 2040 where the U.E.R. was able to turn back the Skotadian Fleet; they got to work in repairing all the war Damage that the Skotadian fleet had do to their Civilization and to mourn the people that were killed in the War of 2040. over the years that U.E.R. scientists and engineers have designed for the 1st time in Mankind's history warp dive technology to travel between the stars. they have designed their 2nd generation of Interstellar spacecraft and have improved their Advance capital defenive and offensive technology. In mid February of 2041, the U.E.R. Scientists and engineers have designed their 2nd generation Capital ship shield generation technology. they said in theory that the 2nd generation Capital ship Shield generation technology can produce a protective shields around an interstellar spacecraft 25% stronger to take 63 Capital ship-to-ship laser cannon hits before failing and making the ship valuable to enemy fire. they test their theory by firing a ship-to-ship laser cannon 25 times and found that the capital ship shield strength was down to 60.31% and still could more of a pounding. they give the 2nd generation Capital ship shield Generation Technology Prototype to the U.E.R. government to begin producing the 2nd generation Advance Military Capital ship defense Technology to protect any of their own interstellar spacecraft to explore the universe or Defend from any Human interstellar spacecraft or Alien Interstellar spacecraft like the Skotadian Capital ships or from other interstellar threats. In late May of 2042, the U.E.R. Scientists and engineers have designed the 2nd generation interstellar Scout ships and cargo ships called the Liam Bishop Scout ship or the X-212B Class and the Terra Cargo ship or the R-936B class. they said that it would take nearly 9 months to have a X-212B constructed and ready for service at normal production at a single shipyard to have X-212B ready for service. The X-212B is a lot larger than it's Previous class, the X-212B is 520.8 meters in length, 78.12 meters in width and 60 meters in height/depth. the X-212B would have a crew of 365 crew-members to maintain ships systems and can carry 729 passengers. the X-212B is powered by a Massive fusion Reactor to power its advance weapons, Advance Proportion systems and life support systems. the X-212B has an Auxiliary bridge control, and a Galactic Map of the Galaxy, a Self-destruct system as a last resort and Escape pods to evacuate the ships crew. the X-212B defenses were an E.R.F shield generator to generate powerful shields and 64 Anti-spacecraft laser turrets to shoot down enemy fighters or Bombers. the X-212B armaments: 40 missile launch tubes to launch I.S. missiles among other missiles. The X-212B would 2 Engine units installed it, 1st 2 Capital Sub-light Engines and 174 thrusters (to move the X-212B Right, left, and down in space), 2nd 12 traditional supersonic Jet engines for the Fighter to move the craft inside a planets atmosphere. they give the Liam Bishop class or the X-212B Prototype to begin mass production X-212B's scout ships to defend against any Human interstellar spacecraft or Alien Interstellar threat like the Skotadian capital ships or from other interstellar threat. the Terra Cargo ship class or R-936B would be 2nd generation Interstellar Cargo ship. they said that it would take 1.872 years to have a R-936B constructed and ready for service at normal production at a single shipyard to have a R-936B ready for service. The R-936 is a lot larger than it Previous class, the R-936B is 1,302 meters in length, 78.12 meters in width and 150.3 meters in height/depth. the R-936B would have a crew of 788 crew-members to maintain ships systems and the ship can carry 179,024 tons of cargo. the R-936B is powered by a Massive fusion Reactor to power its advance defense systems, Advance Proportion systems and life support systems. the R-936B has an Auxiliary bridge control, and a Galactic Map of the Galaxy, a Self-destruct system as a last resort and Escape pods to evacuate the ships crew. the R-936B defenses were an U.E.R. shield generator to generate powerful shields and 143 Anti-spacecraft laser turrets to shoot down enemy fighters or Bombers. The R-936B would 2 Engine units installed it, 1st 2 Capital Sub-light Engines and 198 thrusters (to move the R-936B Right,left, and down in space), 2nd 30 traditional supersonic Jet engines for the ship to move the craft inside a planets atmosphere. they give the Terra class or the R-936B cargo ship Prototype to begin mass production Mankind's 2nd generation cargo ships to go along with X-212B Scout ships in set up Military Bases or to set up Colonies on other planet. as of March 2044, the Population of Earth Went from 13.288 billion People in 2040 to over 13.553.76 billion people living on the Planet as of 2044. they continued their work in repairing all the war Damage that the Skotadian fleet did had done to their Civilization. In Early June of 2042, the U.E.R. Scientists and engineers have designed their 3rd Generation Fighter-spacecraft Interceptor called the T-Rex-306C Fighter interceptor. The T-Rex-306C is a little larger than the T-Rex-306B fighter spacecraft Interceptors, it is 26.27 meters in length, 18.6032 meters in width and 5.875 meters in height. the T-Rex-306C would have 2 pilots to operation the fighter(a Pilot and co-pilot). the T-Rex-306C is powered by a Miniature fusion Reactor to power its advance weapons and Advance Proportion systems Reserve engineer from Alien Technology. the T-Rex-306C armaments were 4 Miniature anti-spacecraft laser turrets, 8 I.S. missiles (to use in space battles above a Planet or in Space engages away from planets), 3 traditional Air-to-Air Missile (to use in Planetary battles) and 3 Advance Air-to-Air Heat-seeker missiles(to use in Planetary battles). The T-Rex-306C would 2 Engine units installed it, 1st a Sub-light Engine and 2 traditional supersonic Jet engines for the Fighter to move the craft inside a planets atmosphere. the T-Rex-306C would have 17 Maneuvering Thrusters(4 to 5 thrusters on each wing and 8 inside the mainframe) to move the fighter right, left, up and down while in outer space to operation better and to due space combat with other interstellar Fighters. they give the T-Rex-306C Fighter interceptor Prototype to begin mass production the 3rd Generation Fighter-spacecraft Interceptor to replace the T-Rex-306B fighter spacecraft interceptors to defend against any Human or Interstellar threats. In late June of the same year, the U.E.R. Scientists and engineers have design their 3rd Generation Interstellar Bomber called the Velo-201C Bomber. The Velo-201C is a little larger the Velo-201B Bomber, it is 65.461 meters in length, 24.460 meters in width and 15.851 meters in height. the Velo-201C would have crew of 4 to operation the Velo-201C(pilot, co-pilot, bombardier, defensive systems operator). the Velo-201C is powered by a Miniature fusion Reactor to power its advance weapons and Advance Proportion systems Reserve engineer from Alien Technology. the Velo-201C armaments be 8 I.S. missiles (to use in space battles above a Planet or in Space engages away from planets), 3 traditional Air-to-Air Missiles (to use in Planetary battles), 3 Advance Air-to-Air Heat-seeker missiles (to use in Planetary battles) and 12 Anti-starship cruiser missiles. the Velo-201C defenses would be a Fighter-spacecraft shield generation to generation defensive shield to protect it from enemy fire. The Velo-201C would 2 Engine units installed it, 1st a Sub-light Engine and 2nd 2 traditional supersonic Jet engines for the Fighter to move the craft inside a planets atmosphere. the Velo-201C would have 18 Maneuvering Thrusters(5 thrusters on each wing and 8 inside the mainframe) to move the fighter right, left, up and down while in outer space to operation better and to due space combat with other interstellar Fighters. they give the Velo-201C Fighter interceptor Prototype to begin mass production the 3rd Generation Interstellar bomber to replace the Velo-201B bomber to attack any Human Spacecraft or Interstellar spacecraft threats. in Early August 2043, the U.E.R. Scientists and engineers have designed 2nd generation massive ship-to-ship laser cannon system. they said in theory that the massive ship-to-ship laser cannon technology can were powerful enough to drain the protective shields around an interstellar spacecraft by 2.66% for every shot. they test their theory by firing a massive ship-to-ship laser cannon 25 times and found that the capital ship shield strength was down to 33.35% and still could more of a pounding. they give the 2nd generation Capital ship-to-ship laser Cannon Technology Prototype to the U.E.R. government to begin producing the 1st generation Advance Military offensive Technology to protect any of their own interstellar spacecraft to explore the universe or Defend from any Human interstellar spacecraft or Alien Interstellar spacecraft like the Skotadian Capital ships or from other interstellar threats. in late August of 2043, the U.E.R. scientists and engineers have designed the 3rd generation fighter-spacecraft shield generation technology Prototype. they said in theory that the 3rd fighter-Spacecraft Shield generation technology can produce a protective shields around a object strong to take 10 Anti-spacecraft turret hits before failing and making the ship valuable to enemy fire. they test their theory by firing a Anti-spacecraft turret 10 times to see if the shields would hold for 10 shots and it. they give the 3rd generation Fighter-spacecraft shield Generation Technology Prototype to the U.E.R. government to begin producing the 3rd generation Military Defense Advance fighter spacecraft Shield generation Technology to give their T-Rex 306C Fighter-spacecraft interceptors and Velo-201C bomber's a better fighting change against any Human fighter-spacecraft or Interstellar fight-spacecraft like the Skotadian Fighters. as of March of 2047, the Population of Earth Went from 13.553 billion People in 2044 after the Aliens attacked to over 13.8927 billion people living on the Planet as of 2047. In late March of 2047, the U.E.R. Scientists and engineers have designed 2nd Generation Interstellar warships to defend their Solar System or other Star systems that the Humans have Colonized or have meet other Intelligence Alien species that have mastered Space faring technology and made peaceful contact and have become allies. The 2nd generation interstellar warships were: the Trinity Class Patrol Ship or TW-425B, the Independence class Frigate or the UR-145B, Jim Wielder Class Destroyer or the SY-825B, Phantom Class cruiser or the YP-912B, Russia Class Battleship or the GR-245B, and the Thomas J Whitmore class carrier or the QT-183B. In May of 2045 they have designed the 2nd generation Patrol ship called the Trinity Class or the TW-425B, they said that it would take a little more than 3 years to have a TW-425B constructed and ready for service at normal production at a single shipyard to have a TW-425B ready for service. The TW-425B is a lot larger than the U.E.R. R-936B cargo ship class. the TW-425B is 2,100 meters in length, 420 meters in width and 242.49 meters in height/depth. the TW-425B would have a crew of 715 crew-members to maintain ships systems. the TW-425B is powered by 2 Massive fusion Reactors to power its advance weapons and Advance Proportion systems. the TW-425B has an Auxiliary bridge control, and a Galactic Map of the Galaxy, a Self-destruct system as a last resort and Escape pods to evacuate the ships crew. the TW-425B defenses were an E.R.F shield generator to generate powerful shields, 1.138 meters thick energy absorption armor Plating and 298 Anti-spacecraft laser turrets to shoot down enemy fighters or Bombers. the TW-425B armaments: 75 missile launch tubes to launch I.S. missiles among other missiles. The TW-425B would 2 Engine units installed it, 1st 4 Capital Sub-light Engines and 410 thrusters (to move the TW-425B Right, left, and down in space), 2nd 48 traditional supersonic Jet engines for the ship to move the craft inside a planets atmosphere. For the a small aircraft hanger that can carry 20 T-Rex-306C fighter spacecraft interceptors and 4 scout ship. they give the Trinity class Patrol ship or the TW-425B Prototype to begin mass production the TW-425B interstellar Warship to defend their Solar System or other Star systems that they have Colonized or have meet other Intelligence Alien species that have mastered Space faring technology and made peaceful contact and have become allies. In October of the same year they have designed the 2nd generation Interstellar Frigate called the Independence class Frigate or a UR-145B, they said that it would take 3.8025 years to have a UR-145B constructed and ready for service at normal production at a single shipyard to have a UR-145B ready for service. The UR-145B is larger than the U.E.R. TW-425B class. the UR-145B is 2,720 meters in length, 544 meters in width and 314 meters in height/depth. the UR-145B would have a crew of 1,936 crew-members to maintain ships systems. the UR-145 is powered by 3 Massive fusion Reactors to power its advance weapons and Advance Proportion systems. the UR-145B has an Auxiliary bridge control, and a Galactic Map of the Galaxy, a Self-destruct system as a last resort and Escape pods to evacuate the ships crew. the UR-145B defenses were an U.E.R. shield generator to generate powerful shields, 1.474 meters thick energy absorption armor Plating and 368 Anti-spacecraft laser turrets to shoot down enemy fighters or Bombers. the UR-145B armaments: 2 Capital ship-to-ship cannon and 224 missile launch tubes to launch I.S. missiles among other missiles. The UR-145B would 2 Engine units installed it, 1st 8 Capital Sub-light Engines and 410 thrusters (to move the TW-425 Right, left, and down in space), 2nd 48 traditional supersonic Jet engines for the ship to move the craft inside a planets atmosphere. a small aircraft hanger that can carry 30 T-Rex-306C fighter spacecraft interceptors and 4 scout ships. they give the independence class Frigate or the UR-145B Prototype to begin mass production the UR-145B interstellar Warship to defend their Solar System or other Star systems that they have Colonized or have meet other Intelligence Alien species that have mastered Space faring technology and made peaceful contact and have become allies. In mid January of 2046 they have designed the 2nd generation destroyer called the Jim Wielder Class or the SY-825B, they said that it would take 4.43 years to have a Jim Wielder class destroyer or SY-825B constructed and ready for service at normal production at a single shipyard to have a SY-825 ready for service. The SY-825B is larger than the U.E.R. UR-145B class. the SY-825B is 3,080 meters in length, 616 meters in width and 355 meters in height/depth. the SY-825B would have a crew of 3,552 crew-members to maintain ships systems. the SY-825B is powered by 4 Massive fusion Reactors to power its advance weapons, Advance defense system and Advance Proportion systems. the SY-825B has an Auxiliary bridge control, and a Galactic Map of the Galaxy, a Self-destruct system as a last resort and Escape pods to evacuate the ships crew. the SY-825B defenses were an E.R.F shield generator to generate powerful shields, 1.67 meters thick energy absorption armor Plating and 438 Anti-spacecraft laser turrets to shoot down enemy fighters or Bombers. the SY-825B armaments: 4 ship-to-ship cannons and 300 missile launch tubes to launch I.S. missiles among other missiles. The SY-825B would 2 Engine units installed it, 1st 12 Capital Sub-light Engines and 600 thrusters (to move the SY-825 Right, left, and down in space), 2nd 54 traditional supersonic Jet engines for the Fighter to move the craft inside a planets atmosphere. a small aircraft hanger that can carry 20 T-Rex-306B fighter spacecraft interceptors and 3 scout ships. they give the Jim Wielder class destroyer or the SY-825B Prototype to begin mass production Mankind's 2nd interstellar Warship to defend their Solar System or other Star systems that they have Colonized or have meet other Intelligence Alien species that have mastered Space faring technology and made peaceful contact and have become allies. In Early June of the same year they have designed the 2nd generation Cruiser called the Phantom Class or the YP-912B, they said that it would take 4.976 years to have a Phantom cruiser or YP-912B constructed and ready for service at normal production at a single shipyard to have a YP-912B ready for service. The YP-912B is larger than the U.E.R. SY-825B class. the YP-912 is 3,460 meters in length, 692 meters in width and 432 meters in height/depth. the YP-912B would have a crew of 4,520 crew-members to maintain ships systems. the YP-912B is powered by 4 Massive fusion Reactors to power its advance weapons, advance defense systems and Advance Proportion systems. the YP-912B has an Auxiliary bridge control, and a Galactic Map of the Galaxy, a Self-destruct system as a last resort and Escape pods to evacuate the ships crew. the YP-912B defenses were an E.R.F shield generator to generate powerful shields, 1.877 meters thick energy absorption armor Plating and 492 Anti-spacecraft laser turrets to shoot down enemy fighters or Bombers. the YP-912B armaments: 6 ship-to-ship cannons and 400 missile launch tubes to launch I.S. missiles among other missiles. The YP-912B would 2 Engine units installed it, 1st 6 Capital Sub-light Engines and 337 thrusters (to move the YP-912 Right, left, and down in space), 2nd 30 traditional supersonic Jet engines for the Fighter to move the craft inside a planets atmosphere. a small aircraft hanger that can carry 40 T-Rex-306B fighter spacecraft interceptors and 6 scout ships. they give the Phantom Class Cruiser or the YP-912B Prototype to begin mass production the YP-912B interstellar Warship to defend their Solar System or other Star systems that they have Colonized or have meet other Intelligence Alien species that have mastered Space faring technology and made peaceful contact and have become allies. In mid September of the same year they have designed the 2nd generation battleship called the Russia class or the GR-245B, they said that it would take 8.078 years to have a Russia class battleship or GR-245B constructed and ready for service at normal production at a single shipyard to have a GR-245B ready for service. The GR-245B is larger than the U.E.R. YP-912B class. the GR-245B is 5,616.004 meters in length, 1,123.20 meters in width and 561.604 meters in height/depth. The GR-245B would have a crew of 7,104 crew-members to maintain ships systems. the GR-245B is powered by 4 Massive fusion Reactor to power its advance weapons, advance defense systems and Advance Proportion systems. the GR-245B has an Auxiliary bridge control, and a Galactic Map of the Galaxy, a Self-destruct system as a last resort and Escape pods to evacuate the ships crew. the GR-245B defenses were an E.R.F shield generator to generate powerful shields, 3.047 meters thick energy absorption armor Plating and 800 Anti-spacecraft laser turrets to shoot down enemy fighters or Bombers. the GR-245B armaments: 8 ship-to-ship cannon and 150 missile launch tubes to launch I.S. missiles among other missiles. The GR-245B would 2 Engine units installed it, 1st 24 Capital Sub-light Engines and 1,200 thrusters (to move the GR-245 Right, left, and down in space), 2nd 99 traditional supersonic Jet engines for the ship to move the craft inside a planets atmosphere. a medium sized aircraft hanger that can carry 70 T-Rex-306B fighter spacecraft interceptors and 10 scout ships. They give Russia Class Battleship or the GR-245B Prototype to begin mass production GR-245B interstellar Warship to defend their Solar System or other Star systems that they have Colonized or have meet other Intelligence Alien species that have mastered Space faring technology and made peaceful contact and have become allies. In Early February of 2047 they have designed the 2nd generation spacecraft carrier called the Thomas J Whitmore class or the QT-183B, they said that it would take 28.78 years to have a QT-183B constructed and ready for service at normal production at a single shipyard to have a QT-183B ready for service. The QT-183B is larger than the U.E.R. GR-245B class. the QT-183B is 10,989 meters in length, 2197.8 meters in width and 648 meters in height/depth. the QT-183B would have a crew of 13,900 crew-members to maintain ships systems. the QT-183B is powered by 4 Massive fusion Reactors to power its advance weapons systems, advance defense systems and Advance Proportion systems. the QT-183B has an Auxiliary bridge control, and a Galactic Map of the Galaxy, a Self-destruct system as a last resort and Escape pods to evacuate the ships crew. the QT-183B defenses were an U.E.R. shield generator to generate powerful shields, 3.047 meters thick energy absorption armor Plating and 1,423 Anti-spacecraft laser turrets to shoot down enemy fighters or Bombers. the QT-183B armaments: 4 single ship-to-ship cannon and 225 missile launch tubes to launch I.S. missiles among other missiles. The QT-183B would 2 Engine units installed it, 1st 40 Capital Sub-light Engines and 2,347 thrusters (to move the QT-183B Right, left, and down in space), 2nd 191 traditional supersonic Jet engines for the Fighter to move the ship inside a planets atmosphere. the ship would have 18 Massive aircraft hanger that can carry 2,531 T-Rex-306C fighter spacecraft interceptors, 632 Velo-201C and 321 scout ships. they give the Thomas J Whitmore carrier Class or the QT-183B Prototype to begin mass production of the QT-183B interstellar Warship to defend their Solar System or other Star systems that they have Colonized or have meet other Intelligence Alien species that have mastered Space faring technology and made peaceful contact and have become allies. in Early March of 2048, the U.E.R. scientists and engineers have finally after 52 years of Researching and Reserve Engineering from Skotadian advance Warp dive Technology have for the 1st time in Mankind's history have created they own 1st generation warp dive to travel between the stars faster and their own terraforming Technology. they said in theory that their 1st generation warp dive technology can warp space around a spacecraft at the speed of Light(meaning that it would take an interstellar spacecraft about 100,000 years to travel across the Milky way galaxy) working around the E=MC2 equation to travel around the universe faster. they tested the Warp dive by have a Volunteer X-212B scout ship and crew to test the Warp dive. the Crew of a Scout ship: UMS Prince Charles under the command of Commander Alex Wilson Volunteer to test the 1st generation warp dive. they installing the Warp dive technology into the X-212B scout ship and have the scout ship go to from earth to Mars by using the Warp dive technology to see if their theory was proofed. they went to lower earth orbit and the Navigator Lieutenant John Daniels of the Scout ship put in the course of Mars and Activate the Warp dive. 258 seconds(4 minutes and 18 seconds) later the UMS Prince Charles came out of sub-space and Lieutenant John Daniel checked the coordinates on the computer and found that they have traveled over 129.1 million miles in less than 4 1/2 minutes. the contacted the U.E.R. scientists and engineers and told that the 1st generation warp dive worked. the UMS Prince Charles return to Earth by using its warp dive and the U.E.R. scientists and engineers gave the their 1st generation warp dive prototype to the U.E.R. government to begin massive producing it for all of the interstellar starship to have a Warp dive to travel around the universe. the U.E.R. government decided to have not allow any of their interstellar starships to travel outside their solar system because although their now warp capable interstellar spacecraft but it would take 20.2 years to the reach the star system of Gliese 581g that was 20.2 light years away from Earth and another possible star systems that might have possible Earth like planets. however for the U.E.R. and their people 20.2 years was too long so that decided to just use the 1st generation warp dive technology around their home solar system until their scientists and engineers were able to design faster Warp dive capable interstellar spacecraft. on April 12, 2048 they decided that they would sent unman scientific probes with warp dives to pave the way for Mankind to take the 1st major step in exploring the universe and in possible begin to colonized habitable planets with no Intelligence life form. they sent scientific warp capable probes to Gliese 581g(20.2 light years away from Earth), Kepler-438(470 light year away from earth), Kepler-186f(490 light year away from Earth), and KOI 2124.01(624.7 light years away from earth) just to name a few Star systems that they planning to explore and possible colonize if there is intelligence life form. In September of 2049, The Scientists and engineers have made large advances in Robotics by studying Advance Skotadian robotic technology to use in the medical Field. the scientists and engineers have finally studying and researching Skotadian Nano Medical Technology to seek a destroy any cancer cells to help cure all types of cancers that the U.E.R. people suffered. they give the Nano Medical Technology to the U.E.R government to begin massive production Nano technology to help cure any types of cancers that Mankind suffered from. They designed synthetic Limbs for people that lost limbs in war or in accidents at work. They designed serve types of synthetics: a whole right or left arm and leg synthetic for someone that loss their arm or leg from war and in accident. A lower right or left arm and leg synthetic for someone that lost their lower arm or leg in war or in an accident. The Synthetics had to be put on while the patient under to not feel most of the pain that came from attaching the Synthetic bone frames to the body bones to make it merge with the Organic bone and steel bone frame of the Synthetic. After the bone merged the doctors would start a complex procedure that would connect the nerve endings of the organic arm to the robotics nerve endings to help the patient that has the Synthetic feel the environment around it and feel the touch on what the Organic was feeling: like pain or pleasure of a hand shake. The doctors installed inside the Human brain a Boost chip that would boost their brain power to better control over their synthetic. In the year 2050 the U.E.R. scientist's have figured out create a scrum called Scrum L.E.(Life extension Scrum) that could decrease the decay rate of the human body to let the body live longer. Natural the human body could only live about 80 to 120 years if the is body in taking care of the right way and only dies of Nature causes like heart failure or of a Stroke. Now the scientist have figure out how to decrease the Decay rate of the human body by 2x slow meaning the body can live up to about 240 years if the in taking care of the right way and only dies of Natural causes. they tested the scrum on a few elders in an Elder retired home that were healthy and saw that the Scrum reserve their age by about 45 years making them look and feel like their in mid 30's to early 40's instead of their 80's. The elders now had about 160 years to life instead of 40-50 years. The scientist saw that the body's healing factor and strength double due to the scrum and saw that the body healed wounds faster and was twice as strong. The scientist checked and saw that also if these elder's had children that their children would inherent the life extend scrum in their blood already due to the fact that their Parents had the scrum in them and pasted in on making the scrum hereditary in their families now. The scientist's and government's made this scrum available to hospitals and doctors to use to life all life on earth to given everyone on the planet 160(to those that are around 80 years age) to 240 years(for Children that were born with the L.E. serum in the Blood went their born) more years to sent with their families. the L.E. scrum also was able to stop the progressive aging progress that the body goes though. for a new born their Body that has the L.E. scrum would stopped aging at the age of 30 years and wouldn't continue aging until they reached the Age of 170 years than the Body would began aging the naturally meaning went they are 220 years they would look like they 80 years old. in Early April of 2056, the U.E.R. scientists and engineers have finally after 53 years of Researching and Revere engineering have finally being able to the Skotadian advance Terraforming technology to create they own version of advance Terraforming technology to Terra-form Planets that were to close or to Far from Star to Support life. the Terra-forming worked by set up massive extreme Heat or cold resistance drills on the planet that their Trying to Terra form to drill down to the Planet's Dead core and set up Fusion warheads inside the Planet's Dead core with a 6 month time fuse. after 6 months the Fusion warheads would explode and if Successful would activate the dead planets core and begin to generator a magnetic field around the Planet strong enough to protect it from Solar Radiation and other types of Radiation that might bombard the Planet's surface. they then would either use massive amounts of extreme cold substances like Liquid Nitrogen to cold down a Planet surface that is to hot for the species trying to Terra-form the planet to survive or to us massive Greenhouse gases to heat up a Planet that is to cold for the Species trying to Terra-form the Planet. after they doing that the Species Terra-forming would place microscope Organisms on the Planet to begin turned the Planet's Toxic atmosphere into a Breathable atmosphere for the Species to colonize. the Total time to Terra-form a Planet about 5 human Generations. if they finds a planet inside the habitable zone of another star system that has magnetic field strong enough to withstand the continent bombardment of solar radiation fun the star systems sun among other dangers but is un-habitable due to having a toxic atmosphere they would skip the restoration of the planet's core. they would land massive terraforming machines that would begin the process of transforming the planet toxic atmosphere into a atmosphere that can support their species. they then would have million of microscope Organisms to maintain the stably of the planet's atmosphere and to begin the process to bring life on the planet(like Grass, Trees, bushes and other plant life, and eventually more complex life forms like Humans or any other alien species that is terraforming planet like this). the U.E.R. scientists and engineers give the terraforming technology prototypes to begin massive production terraforming technology to terraform planets in their solar system and maybe other star systems. the U.E.R. government decided to terraforming Earth's neighbors Planets; Venus and Mars because the Population of Earth was increasing to rapidly and they were beginning to introduce population control laws. In mid may the same the U.E.R. government sent 50 X-212B scout ships and 100 R-936B cargo ships to Venus and mars to begin the progress of Terraforming the Planet to make them into self-sustaining planets able to support life to colonize and begin transport people to the planets to relief the overcrowded areas of the on Earth. the U.E.R. government told the Public that they are begin process of terraforming Venus and Mars into self-sustaining planets to colonize them but told them that it would take 100 years for the Terraforming process to be completed by 2149. in the same month the U.E.R. scientists and engineers have designed Mankind's 1st Colonization class ship Called the Explorer class or the JB-695 to use in transporting Massive Amounts of Colonists to seed other planets or Star systems for mankind inside their home solar system or beyond it to other star system. they said that it would take 14.370 years to have a JB-695 constructed and ready for service at normal production at a single shipyard to have a JB-695 ready for service. The JB-695 is the same size as the U.E.R. Thomas J Whitmore spacecraft carrier class or the QT-183B class. the JB-695 is 10,989 meters in length, 2197.8 meters in width and 648 meters in height/depth. the JB-695 would have a crew of 7,662 crew-members to maintain ships systems and can carry up to 15,302 Passengers to other planets of Star systems to Colonize. the JB-695 is powered by 4 Massive fusion Reactors to power its advance weapons systems, advance defense systems and Advance Proportion systems. the JB-695 has an Auxiliary bridge control, and a Galactic Map of the Galaxy, a Self-destruct system as a last resort and Escape pods to evacuate the ships crew. the JB-695 defenses were an E.R.F shield generator to generate powerful shields, 3.047 meters thick energy absorption armor Plating and 1,423 Anti-spacecraft laser turrets to shoot down enemy fighters or Bombers. The JB-695 would 2 Engine units installed it, 1st 36 Capital Sub-light Engines and 2,134 thrusters (to move the JB-695 Right, left, and down in space), 2nd 174 traditional supersonic Jet engines for the Ship to move the craft inside a planets atmosphere. a single massive aircraft hanger that can carry 141 T-Rex-306C fighter spacecraft interceptors and 18 scout ships to defend the ship from an enemy attack. they give the Explorer Class or the JB-695 Prototype to begin mass production Mankind's 1st interstellar colonization to colonize other planets in their Solar System or other Star systems that they have Colonized or have meet other Intelligence Alien species that have mastered Space faring technology and made peaceful contact and have become allies. ","Summary":" Please Note all characters and rights of the Independence day Franchise belong to Roland Emmerich a"},{"Movie":"Independence Day","Title":"Independence Day 3: Republic Federation Empire","Author":"SithDan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11989707","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Please Note all characters and rights of the Independence day Franchise belong to Roland Emmerich and Dean Devlin. Please note that this Independence Day story is My own and I used some of the character names from the Independence day Franchise. The Republic Federation Empire and Progress the date is now September 22, 2150, 110 years sense the U.E.R. wars with the Skotadian Imperial Empire. over the past century the U.E.R. has gone thought some changes; they U.E.R. scientists and engineers have Designed New warships and invented New Technology. the U.E.R. has colonized or Terraformed over 26 other star system planets spread across a broad 1,400 light year territory perimeter toward the northwest and southwest part of the Milky Way to not head to the Northeast and southeast part of the Milky Way Galaxy to not start an Interstellar war with Skotadian Imperial Empire. as of Mid March of 2088 the U.E.R. quickly began to adventure outside their home star system to colonize or terraform other star systems they decided to set up Mankind's 1st Interstellar government to help maintain order and peace in 13 star systems that they have Colonized or are terraforming spread across a broad 700 light years territory Perimeter that they now have explored. the U.E.R. decided to by reformed and Reorganized into Mankind's 1st interstellar Government called the Republic Federation Empire or R.F.E. for short. the R.F.E. was Similar to the old U.E.R. government system but with a Few differences. the R.F.E. would have a copy of the U.E.R. Constitution to have a Basic Foundation. 1st instead of having 2 main houses of government the U.E.R would have one Main Governing body called the R.F.E. senate that would have 49 Senators(3 to 4 Senators to Represent each Star system equally) to Represent of all Star systems. the R.F.E. Senate would to due the incredible long an complex decisions that would effect the Future or their Interstellar government like New Interstellar Laws to keep the peace or to regulate their Interstellar taxes rates to get income to keep their interstellar government proposing, the organization the supply of the R.F.E. Natural Resources, to determine How large the R.F.E. Military forces would in time of Peace and in it's time of War. 2nd they R.F.E. knew that with their Colonization fleet would continue to expansion and set up new Colonies that later on their New Colonies and star systems under their protect reach a servant population size and wanted some since of Independent and to have their own Planetary Government and Economy in the R.F.E. The R.F.E. to said to all their colonization fleets and star systems control their control or Protect that went their Planetary Population reaches over 25 million people as citizens in the R.F.E. Galactic territory under their Protection they have the option to become a R.F.E. State with 3 to 4 senators to represent them in the R.F.E. Galactic Government. 3rd the R.F.E. would a small governing council made of 15 Members(Included the Emperor of the R.F.E.) that would make the Quick Decisions for the R.F.E., like if the R.F.E. was suddenly attack by an Alien Race that might try to destroy them, their way of life and take their Galactic Governments Resources then the Governing Council could Quickly response to the threat by send a Strike force to Retaliate against the Threat. In July of 2088 the U.E.R. decided to dramatically expanse the T.G.F.C. by reformer them into Mankind's first: Federation Imperial Navy or the F.I.N. for short. the R.F.E. Decided to transfer 75% of all of the R.F.E. Military Resources and Production facilities to the F.I.N. to have them have the ability produce their Galactic Warships to defend their home world or solar system or another solar systems that they might colonize. the F.I.N. Section was found by the Military Officers and personal of the T.G.R.C. a few of the New Officers Included the F.I.N. Commanding Fleet Admiral, Admiral Abraham Wright of all F.I.N. forces, General of all F.I.N. Air and ground forces, General Steven Hiller, Admiral chief of F.I.N. operations, Admiral Alex Jacob, Lt. General Mitsu Mutsuko, Major General Dylan Hiller and Brigadier General Ibbie Macario. the F.I.N. has a Galactic Fleet made up over 2,195 of the Latest 4th generation Interstellar ships: 335 X-212D's, 1,007 of the R-936D's, 159 of the TW-425D's, 146 of the UR-145D's, 174 of the SY-825D's, 196 of the YP-912D's, 94 of the GR-245D's, 84 of the QT-183D's and 420 JB-695C's along with over 123,075 T-Rex-306D fighter spacecraft interceptors and 58,500 Velo-201D bombers. the F.I.N. has a Planetary fighter force made of over 45,000 T-Rex-306D fighter spacecraft interceptors and 15,000 Velo-201D Bombers to defense Earth from any Human or Interstellar threat. the F.I.N. has 480 Planetary Ship-to-ship laser Cannons and 2,400 Planetary missile silos across the planet to defend the planet from a Massive Alien fleet that might try to attack their home world: Earth. the F.I.N. has a defensive fleet above Earth under the Command of Vice Admiral, Admiral Jesse Whitmore; the Defensive fleet is made up of 28 of the X-212D's, 84 R-936D, 14 of the TW-425D's, 16 of the UR-145D's, 12 of the SY-825D's, 14 of the YP-912D's, 5 of the GR-245D's and 7 of the QT-183D's along with over 35,285 T-Rex-306D fighter spacecraft interceptors and 16,875 Velo-201D Bombers. the F.I.N. has a ground force have 46.266 million troops, 462,667 advance tanks and 231,333 artillery Pieces along with the most advance Firearms their I.R.D.P. facilities can Produce to protect their interstellar Territory. Each Colonized Planet has 120 Planetary ship-to-ship laser cannons and 600 Planetary missile Silos and over 150,000 Advance Anti-spacecraft Laser turret defenses and 3,800 advance Mobile missile Launchers to launch advance missiles to protect the their Planet Civilization and city's from human or Interstellar Spacecraft that might try to attack any of their Planets. the F.I.N. has 13 defensive fleets in their Interstellar Territory under the Command of Admiral Chief of F.I.N. operations, Admiral Jessica Alexandra. each of the Defensive fleets are made up of over 23 to 24 of the X-212D's, 71 R-936D, 12 of the TW-425D's, 10 of the UR-145D's, 12 of the SY-825D's, 14 of the YP-912D's, 7 of the GR-245D's and 6 of the QT-183D's along with over 15,095 T-Rex-306D fighter spacecraft interceptors and 6,750 Velo-201D Bombers. as of Late January 2090, the R.F.E. scientists and engineers have final being able to design and create their 1st generation Quantum computer holographic technology. they create to versions one packet size Quantum Computer Holographic Technology for the R.F.E. Public to use and a Massive version for the R.F.E. military to use on a massive scale to create holographic simulations for the F.I.N. to use in war games. the holograms the 1st generation computer Holography technology were complex like it could project a 3d image of the human body and show the layers of the human like the skin, organs, and skeleton is detail. however there was a down side the 1st generation Quantum computer holographic technology Imaging Matrix was last about 36 hours before it burned out without a cool down time. they give the 1st generation Quantum Computer holographic Technology to the R.F.E. government to begin massive produce the 1st Generation Quantum Computer holographic Technology to the Public and for their Military to use. in the Mid August 2136, the R.F.E. scientists and engineers have designed the 5th generation Colonization class ship Called the Diego de Almagro class or the JB-695E to use in transporting Massive Amounts of Colonists to seed other planets or Star systems for mankind inside their home solar system or beyond it to other star system. they said that it would take 48.80 years to have a JB-695E constructed and ready for service at normal production at a single shipyard to have a JB-695E ready for service. the JB-695E is 33,535.766 meters in length, 11,598.960 meters in width and 810 meters in height/depth. the JB-695E would have a crew of 24,671 crew-members to maintain ships systems and can carry up to 50,817 Passengers to other planets of Star systems to Colonize. the JB-695E is powered by 13 Massive fusion Reactors to power its advance defense systems and Advance Proportion systems. the JB-695E has an Auxiliary bridge control, and a Galactic Map of the Galaxy, a Self-destruct system as a last resort and Escape pods to evacuate the ships crew and passengers. the JB-695E defenses were an R.F.E. Capital shield generator to generate powerful shields, 3.047 meters thick energy absorption armor Plating and 4,582 Anti-spacecraft laser turrets to shoot down enemy fighters or Bombers. The JB-695E would have 3 Engine units installed it, 1st 116 Capital Sub-light Engines and 6,871 Maneuvering thrusters (to move the JB-695E Right, left, and down in space), 2nd 540 traditional supersonic Jet engines to move the ship inside a planets atmosphere and 3rd the latest warp dive. The JB-695E has 3 massive and a small spacecraft hangers that can carry 454 T-Rex-306F fighter spacecraft interceptors and 58 scout ships to defend the ship from an enemy attack. they give the Diego de Almagro Class or the JB-695E Prototype to the R.F.E. government to begin mass production 5th generation colonization ships to colonize other planets in their Solar System or other Star systems that they have Colonized or have meet other Intelligence Alien species that have mastered Space faring technology and made peaceful contact and have become allies. In mid October of 2141, the U.E.R. Scientists and engineers have designed their 7th generation Capital ship shield generation technology. they said in theory that the 7th generation Capital ship Shield generation technology can produce a protective shields around an interstellar spacecraft 25% stronger than the 6th generation capital ship shield generation technology to take 49 Capital ship-to-ship laser cannon hits before failing and making the ship valuable to enemy fire. they test their theory by firing 6th generation ship-to-ship laser cannon 33 times and found that the capital ship shield strength was down to 67.34% and still could more of a pounding. they give the 7th generation Capital ship shield Generation Technology Prototype to the R.F.E. government to begin producing the 2nd generation Advance Military Capital ship defense Technology to protect any of their own interstellar spacecraft to explore the universe or Defend from any Human interstellar spacecraft or Alien Interstellar spacecraft like the Skotadian Capital ships or from other interstellar threats. In late January of 2142, the R.F.E. Scientists and engineers have designed the 7th generation interstellar Scout ships and cargo ships called the Saint Paul Scout ship or the X-212G Class and the Orion Class cargo ship or the R-936G class. they said that it would take 1.17 months to have a X-212G constructed and ready for service at normal production at a single shipyard to have X-212G ready for service. The X-212G is a lot larger than it's Previous class, the X-212G is 838.7533 meters in length, 125.7839 meters in width and 66 meters in height/depth. the X-212G would have a crew of 571 crew-members to maintain ships systems and can carry 1,140 passengers. the X-212G is powered by a Massive fusion Reactor to power its advance weapons, Advance Proportion systems and life support systems. the X-212G has an Auxiliary bridge control, and a Galactic Map of the Galaxy, a Self-destruct system as a last resort and Escape pods to evacuate the ships crew. the X-212G defenses were the latest R.F.E. Capital shield generator to generate powerful shields and 100 Anti-spacecraft laser turrets to shoot down enemy fighters or Bombers. the X-212G armaments: 63 missile launch tubes to launch I.S. missiles among other missiles. The X-212G would 3 Engine units installed it, 1st 2 Capital Sub-light Engines and 272 thrusters (to move the X-212G Right, left, and down in space), 2nd 19 traditional supersonic Jet engines for the ship inside a planets atmosphere, and 3rd the latest Warp dive. they give the Saint Paul class or the X-212G Prototype to begin mass production X-212G's scout ships to defend against any Human interstellar spacecraft or Alien Interstellar threat like the Skotadian capital ships or from other interstellar threat. the Orion Class cargo ship or R-936G would be the 7th generation Interstellar Cargo ship. they said that it would Nearly take 3.957 years to have a R-936G constructed and ready for service at normal production at a single shipyard to have a R-936F ready for service. The R-936G larger than it Previous class, the R-936G is 2,944.3051 meters in length, 125.812 meters in width and 165.33 meters in height/depth. the R-936G would have a crew of 1,514 crew-members to maintain ships systems and the ship can carry 378,473 tons of cargo. the R-936G is powered by 3 Massive fusion Reactors to power its advance defense systems, Advance Proportion systems and life support systems. the R-936G has an Auxiliary bridge control, and a Galactic Map of the Galaxy, a Self-destruct system as a last resort and Escape pods to evacuate the ships crew. the R-936G defenses were the latest R.F.E. Capital shield generator to generate powerful shields and 302 Anti-spacecraft laser turrets to shoot down enemy fighters or Bombers. The R-936G would 3 Engine units installed it, 1st 8 Capital Sub-light Engines and 418 thrusters (to move the R-936G Right, left, and down in space), 2nd 34 traditional supersonic Jet engines for the ship to move the craft inside a planets atmosphere and 3rd the latest warp dive. they give the Orion class or the R-936G cargo ship Prototype to begin mass production 7th generation cargo ships to go along with X-212G Scout ships in set up Military Bases or to set up Colonies on other planet. In mid February of 2144, the R.F.E. Scientists and engineers have designed their 7th Generation Fighter-spacecraft Interceptor called the T-Rex-306G Fighter interceptor. The T-Rex-306G is a little larger than the T-Rex-306F fighter spacecraft Interceptor class, it is 38.434 meters in length, 27.225 meters in width and 5.875 meters in height. the T-Rex-306G would have 2 pilots to operation the fighter(a Pilot and co-pilot). the T-Rex-306F is powered by 2 Miniature fusion Reactors to power its advance weapons and Advance Proportion systems Reserve engineer from Alien Technology. the T-Rex-306G armaments were 4 Miniature anti-spacecraft laser turrets, 16 I.S. missiles (to use in space battles above a Planet or in Space engages away from planets), 7 traditional Air-to-Air Missile (to use in Planetary battles) and 7 Advance Air-to-Air Heat-seeker missiles(to use in Planetary battles). The T-Rex-306G would 2 Engine units installed it, 1st a Sub-light Engine and 2 traditional supersonic Jet engines for the Fighter to move the craft inside a planets atmosphere. the T-Rex-306G would have 21 Maneuvering Thrusters(6 to 7 thrusters on each wing and 8 inside the mainframe) to move the fighter right,left, up and down while in outer space to operation better and to do space combat with other interstellar Fighters. they give the T-Rex-306G Fighter interceptor Prototype to begin mass production the T-Rex-306G Fighter-spacecraft Interceptor to replace the T-Rex-306F to defend against any Human or Interstellar threats. In late May of the same year the R.F.E. Scientists and engineers have design their 7th Generation Interstellar Bomber called the Velo-201G Bomber. The Velo-201G is a little larger the Velo-201F Bomber, it is 95.8414 meters in length, 35.811 meters in width and 15.851 meters in height. the Velo-201G would have crew of 4 to operation the Velo-201G(pilot, co-pilot, bombardier, defensive systems operator). the Velo-201G is powered by 2 Miniature fusion Reactors to power its advance weapons and Advance Proportion systems Reserve engineer from Alien Technology. the Velo-201G armaments be 16 I.S. missiles (to use in space battles above a Planet or in Space engages away from planets), 7 traditional Air-to-Air Missiles (to use in Planetary battles), 7 Advance Air-to-Air Heat-seeker missiles (to use in Planetary battles) and 20 Anti-starship cruiser missiles. the Velo-201G defenses would be the latest Fighter-spacecraft shield generator to generation defensive shields to protect it from enemy fire. The Velo-201G would 2 Engine units installed it, 1st a Sub-light Engine and 2nd 2 traditional supersonic Jet engines for the Fighter to move the craft inside a planets atmosphere. the Velo-201G would have 23 Maneuvering Thrusters(7 to 8 thrusters on each wing and 8 inside the mainframe) to move the fighter right,left, up and down while in outer space to operation better and to due space combat with other interstellar Fighters. they give the Velo-201G Fighter interceptor Prototype to begin mass production the 6th Generation Interstellar bomber to replace the Velo-201F to attack any Human Spacecraft or Interstellar spacecraft threats. in Early August of 2143, the R.F.E. Scientists and engineers have designed 7th generation massive ship-to-ship laser cannon system. they said in theory that the massive ship-to-ship laser cannon technology can were powerful enough to drain the protective shields around an interstellar spacecraft with 7th generation shield generation technology by 2.66% for every shot. they test their theory by firing a massive ship-to-ship laser cannon 30 times and found that the capital ship shield strength was down to 79.8% and still could take more of a pounding. (if a 2nd generation capital ship shield generation was firing on with a 7th generation capital ship-to-ship cannon each shot would drain the shield strength by 10.33%). they give the 7th generation Capital ship-to-ship laser Cannon Technology Prototype to the R.F.E. government to begin producing the 1st generation Advance Military offensive Technology to protect any of their own interstellar spacecraft to explore the universe or Defend from any Human interstellar spacecraft or Alien Interstellar spacecraft like the Skotadian Capital ships or from other interstellar threats. in Mid April of 2143, the R.F.E. scientists and engineers have designed the 8th generation fighter-spacecraft shield generation technology Prototype. they said in theory that the 8th fighter-Spacecraft Shield generation technology can produce a protective shields around a object strong to take 25 Anti-spacecraft turret hits before failing and making the ship valuable to enemy fire. they test their theory by firing a Anti-spacecraft turret 25 times to see if the shields would hold for 25 shots and it. they give the 8th generation Fighter-spacecraft shield Generation Technology Prototype to the R.F.E. government to begin producing 8th generation Military Defense Advance fighter spacecraft Shield generation Technology to give their T-Rex 306F Fighter-spacecraft interceptors and Velo-201F bomber's a better fighting change against any Human fighter-spacecraft or Interstellar fight-spacecraft like the Skotadian Fighters. In Late August of 2148, the R.F.E. scientists and engineers have developed their latest Generation warp dive technology called the Warp dive XI(11).they said in theory that their XI generation warp dive technology can warp space around a spacecraft 1024x's the speed of Light(meaning that it would take an interstellar spacecraft about 97.65625 years to travel across the Milky way galaxy) working around the E=MC2 equation to travel around the universe faster and their own terraforming technology. they tested the Warp dive by have a Volunteer X-212F scout ship and crew to test the Warp dive. the Crew of a Scout ship: USS Columbus under the command of Captain Alex Hiller Volunteer to test the Warp dive XI. they installed the Warp dive technology into the X-212F scout ship and have the scout ship go to from the Terra Solar system to Terra Nova Star system(Gliese 581g system) by using the Warp dive technology to see if their theory was proofed. they went to lower earth orbit and the Navigator Commander Daniel Marcos of the Scout ship put in the course of Terra Nova Star system and Activate the Warp dive XI. 7.219 days later the USS Columbus came out of sub-space and Lieutenant Daniel Marcos checked the coordinates on the computer and found that they have traveled 20.2 light years in 7.219 days. they contacted the R.F.E scientists and engineers and told that the warp dive XI worked. the USS Columbus return to Earth by using its warp dive XI and the R.F.E scientists and engineers gave the their warp dive XI prototype to the R.F.E. government to begin massive producing it for all of the interstellar starships to have a Warp dive XI to travel around the universe. In May of 2148 they have designed the 7th generation Patrol ship called the Zeus Class or the TW-425G, they said that it would take a little more than 10.45 years to have a TW-425G constructed and ready for service at normal production at a single shipyard to have a TW-425G ready for service. The TW-425G is a lot larger than the R.F.E. R-936G cargo ship class. the TW-425G is 7,690.429 meters in length, 1,538.025 meters in width and 266.73 meters in height/depth. the TW-425G would have a crew of 2,458 crew-members to maintain ships systems. the TW-425G is powered by 4 Massive fusion Reactors to power its advance weapons and Advance Proportion systems. the TW-425G has an Auxiliary bridge control, and a Galactic Map of the Galaxy, a Self-destruct system as a last resort and Escape pods to evacuate the ships crew. the TW-425G defenses were an E.R.F shield generator to generate powerful shields, 1.138 meters thick energy absorption armor Plating and 1,024 Anti-spacecraft laser turrets to shoot down enemy fighters or Bombers. the TW-425G armaments: 75 missile launch tubes to launch I.S. missiles among other missiles. The TW-425G would 3 Engine units installed it, 1st 14 Capital Sub-light Engines and 1,409 Maneuvering thrusters (to move the TW-425G Right, left, and down in space), 2nd 164 traditional supersonic Jet engines for the ship to move the craft inside a planets atmosphere and 3rd the latest Warp dive. a medium sized spacecraft hanger that can carry 69 T-Rex-306G fighter spacecraft interceptors and 7 scout ship. they give the Trinity class Patrol ship or the TW-425G Prototype to begin mass production the TW-425G interstellar Warship to defend their Solar System or other Star systems that they have Colonized or have meet other Intelligence Alien species that have mastered Space faring technology and made peaceful contact and have become allies. In October of the same year they have designed the 7th generation Interstellar Frigate called the Judgement class or the UR-145G, they said that it would take 25.53 years to have a UR-145G constructed and ready for service at normal production at a single shipyard to have a UR-145B ready for service. The UR-145G is larger than the R.F.E. TW-425G class. the UR-145G is 17,212.5 meters in length, 3,442.5 meters in width and 346.5 meters in height/depth. the UR-145G would have a crew of 11,364 crew-members to maintain ships systems. the UR-145G is powered by 18 Massive fusion Reactors to power its advance weapons and Advance Proportion systems. the UR-145G has an Auxiliary bridge control, and a Galactic Map of the Galaxy, a Self-destruct system as a last resort and Escape pods to evacuate the ships crew. the UR-145G defenses were an R.F.E. shield generator to generate powerful shields, 1.474 meters thick energy absorption armor Plating and 368 Anti-spacecraft laser turrets to shoot down enemy fighters or Bombers. the UR-145G armaments: 12 Capital ship-to-ship cannon and 224 missile launch tubes to launch I.S. missiles among other missiles. The UR-145G would 3 Engine units installed it, 1st 47 Capital Sub-light Engines and 2,407 Maneuvering thrusters (to move the TW-425G Right, left, and down in space), 2nd 117 traditional supersonic Jet engines to move the craft inside a planets atmosphere and 3rd the latest warp dive. a massive and small spacecraft hanger that can carry 176 T-Rex-306G fighter spacecraft interceptors and 23 scout ships. they give the Judgement class Frigate or the UR-145G Prototype to begin mass production the UR-145G interstellar Warship to defend their Solar System or other Star systems that they have Colonized or have meet other Intelligence Alien species that have mastered Space faring technology and made peaceful contact and have become allies. In mid January of 2149 they have designed the 7th generation destroyer called the Bohlale Malaika Class or the SY-825G, they said that it would take 31.07 years to have a SY-825G constructed and ready for service at normal production at a single shipyard to have a SY-825G ready for service. The SY-825G is larger than the R.F.E. UR-145G class. the SY-825G is 23,343.75 meters in length, 4,677.75 meters in width and 390.5 meters in height/depth. the SY-825G would have a crew of 24,912 crew-members to maintain ships systems. the SY-825G is powered by 28 Massive fusion Reactors to power its advance weapons, Advance defense system and Advance Proportion systems. the SY-825G has an Auxiliary bridge control, and a Galactic Map of the Galaxy, a Self-destruct system as a last resort and Escape pods to evacuate the ships crew. the SY-825G defenses were an R.F.E. Capital ship shield generator to generate powerful shields, 1.67 meters thick energy absorption armor Plating and 2,581 Anti-spacecraft laser turrets to shoot down enemy fighters or Bombers. the SY-825G armaments: 28 ship-to-ship cannons and 300 missile launch tubes to launch I.S. missiles among other missiles. The SY-825G would 3 Engine units installed it, 1st 84 Capital Sub-light Engines and 4,208 thrusters (to move the SY-825G Right, left, and down in space), 2nd 210 traditional supersonic Jet engines to move the craft inside a planets atmosphere and 3rd the latest warp dive. 2 Massive spacecraft hangers that can carry 280 T-Rex-306G fighter spacecraft interceptors and 42 scout ships. they give the Bohlale Malaika class destroyer or the SY-825G Prototype to begin mass production Mankind's 2nd interstellar Warship to defend their Solar System or other Star systems that they have Colonized or have meet other Intelligence Alien species that have mastered Space faring technology and made peaceful contact and have become allies. In Early March of the same year they have designed the 7th generation Cruiser called the Abraham Marcos Class or the YP-912G, they said that it would take 34.74 years to have a YP-912G constructed and ready for service at normal production at a single shipyard to have a YP-912G ready for service. The YP-912G is larger than the R.F.E. SY-825G class. the YP-912G is 26,274.375 meters in length, 5,254.5 meters in width and 475.2 meters in height/depth. the YP-912G would have a crew of 31,557 crew-members to maintain ships systems. the YP-912G is powered by 28 Massive fusion Reactors to power its advance weapons, advance defense systems and Advance Proportion systems. the YP-912G has an Auxiliary bridge control, and a Galactic Map of the Galaxy, a Self-destruct system as a last resort and Escape pods to evacuate the ships crew. the YP-912G defenses were an R.F.E. Capital ship shield generator to generate powerful shields, 1.877 meters thick energy absorption armor Plating and 3,435 Anti-spacecraft laser turrets to shoot down enemy fighters or Bombers. the YP-912G armaments: 42 ship-to-ship cannons and 400 missile launch tubes to launch I.S. missiles among other missiles. The YP-912G would 3 Engine units installed it, 1st 84 Capital Sub-light Engines and 4,189 Maneuvering thrusters (to move the YP-912G Right, left, and down in space), 2nd 209 traditional supersonic Jet engines to move the craft inside a planets atmosphere and 3rd the latest warp dive. 2 Massive spacecraft hangers that can carry 280 T-Rex-306G fighter spacecraft interceptors and 42 scout ships. they give the Abraham Marcos Class Cruiser or the YP-912G Prototype to begin mass production the YP-912G interstellar Warship to defend their Solar System or other Star systems that they have Colonized or have meet other Intelligence Alien species that have mastered Space faring technology and made peaceful contact and have become allies. In late may of the same year they have designed the 7th generation battleship called the Australia class or the GR-245G, they said that it would take 56.76 years to have a Australia class battleship or GR-245G constructed and ready for service at normal production at a single shipyard to have a GR-245G ready for service. The GR-245G is larger than the R.F.E. YP-912G class; the GR-245G is 42,646.712 meters in length, 8,529.3 meters in width and 712.8 meters in height/depth. The GR-245G would have a crew of 42,919 crew-members to maintain ships systems. the GR-245G is powered by 28 Massive fusion Reactor to power its advance weapons, advance defense systems and Advance Proportion systems. the GR-245G has an Auxiliary bridge control, and a Galactic Map of the Galaxy, a Self-destruct system as a last resort and Escape pods to evacuate the ships crew. the GR-245G defenses were an R.F.E. shield generator to generate powerful shields, 3.047 meters thick energy absorption armor Plating and 5,622 Anti-spacecraft laser turrets to shoot down enemy fighters or Bombers. the GR-245G armaments: 56 ship-to-ship cannon and 200 missile launch tubes to launch I.S. missiles among other missiles. The GR-245G would 3 Engine units installed it, 1st 169 Capital Sub-light Engines and 8,432 Maneuvering thrusters (to move the GR-245 Right, left, and down in space), 2nd 99 traditional supersonic Jet engines for the ship to move the craft inside a planets atmosphere and 3rd the latest warp dive. 3 Massive and a medium sized spacecraft hangers that can carry 492 T-Rex-306G fighter spacecraft interceptors and 70 scout ships. They give Australia Class Battleship or the GR-245G Prototype to begin mass production GR-245G interstellar Warship to defend their Solar System or other Star systems that they have Colonized or have meet other Intelligence Alien species that have mastered Space faring technology and made peaceful contact and have become allies. In Mid February of 2150 they have designed the 7th generation spacecraft carrier called the Boris Yeltsin spacecraft carrier class or the QT-183G, they said that it would take 45.66 years to have a QT-183G constructed and ready for service at normal production at a single shipyard to have a QT-183B ready for service. The QT-183G is larger than the U.E.R. GR-245G class; the QT-183G is 17,697.894 meters in length, 3,593.5788 meters in width and 712.8 meters in height/depth. the QT-183G would have a crew of 22,045 crew-members to maintain ships systems. the QT-183G is powered by 6 Massive fusion Reactors to power its advance weapons systems, advance defense systems and Advance Proportion systems. the QT-183G has an Auxiliary bridge control, a Galactic Map of the Galaxy, a Self-destruct system as a last resort and Escape pods to evacuate the ships crew. the QT-183G defenses were an R.F.E. shield generator to generate powerful shields, 3.047 meters thick energy absorption armor Plating and 2,257 Anti-spacecraft laser turrets to shoot down enemy fighters or Bombers. the QT-183B armaments: 6 single ship-to-ship cannon and 225 missile launch tubes to launch I.S. missiles among other missiles. The QT-183G would 3 Engine units installed it, 1st 63 Capital Sub-light Engines and 3,722 maneuvering thrusters (to move the QT-183B Right, left, and down in space), 2nd 303 traditional supersonic Jet engines to move the ship inside a planets atmosphere, and 3rd the latest warp dive. the ship would have 26 Massive aircraft hanger that can carry 3,666 T-Rex-306G fighter spacecraft interceptors, 917 Velo-201G and 509 scout ships. they give the Boris Yeltsin spacecraft carrier Class or the QT-183G Prototype to begin mass production of the QT-183G interstellar Warship to defend their Solar System or other Star systems that they have Colonized or have meet other Intelligence Alien species that have mastered Space faring technology and made peaceful contact and have become allies. Between June of 2149 and May of 2150, with the Terraforming of Venus and Mars Completed with them becoming Self-Sustaining planets like Earth, the R.F.E. began a Massive Migration between the 3 inhabitable planets(Venus, Earth and Mars) in the Terra Solar system and the closer core star systems(there are 15 star systems between 13.8 light years and 42 light years away from the Terra Solar system, 1/3 of the star systems have habitable planets orbiting their star(s), the remaining Star systems with planets were either being terraformed or bypassed.) to the Terra solar System to give the people of Earth more Space to prosper on Earth. By the Year 2149 the Population of Earth was reaching over 14.5 billion people living on the Planet and with the R.F.E. having Population control laws. By May of 2150 the R.F.E. was able to Migration between the Terra solar system planets (Venus, Earth and Mars) and the closer core star systems Meaning that each Core star system now has a population of 2.416 billion population people and still having room to prosper without the need of Population control Laws for a while.[Chapter 2] Peace with the Skotadi Imperial Empire the year is now March 21, 2151 and the R.F.E. has Proposing and after over a century of Exploring and Expansion they have decided that it was time to try to make a Peace Treaty with the Skotadi Imperial Empire. the R.F.E. decided to sent R.F.E. Ambassador Jacob Smith along with a small diplomatic fleet made up of 2 X-212G's and a TW-425G as a escort to send them to the Skotadi home star system. they objectives were to make contact and begin the possible of formed a peace treaty with the Skotadians to possible coexist with their 2 species, possible trade agreements, and the possible to share scientific knowledge with each other. on March 22, 2151 at 3:00 P.M. they set course to the Skotadian home-world and would arrive on November 16, 2167 around 7:38 A.M. Ambassador Jacob Smith Profile: Born on planet Stefanos II in the city New Peterburg on January 14, 2118 into a family of 4. In 2135 after Graduating from High school he Decided to Join the R.F.E. Galactic diplomatic academy to become a R.F.E. ambassador to made peaceful contact with other alien Races or to negotiate peace treaty's. over the year he has become one of the R.F.E. skilled ambassadors by help solving internal disputes in the R.F.E. like with opening trade routes or to be able stop an Internal R.F.E. civil war to negotiate between their planets and Colonies by studying most of the key politicians and military personal of the R.F.E. government. November 16, 2167 at 7:38 A.M. as the R.F.E. fleet was just coming out of warp, Commander Jason Murphy(2nd in command of the R.F.E. Diplomatic fleet) said to Captain Alexander Williams(the Commanding officer of the USS Michaelson(X-212G) and of the rest of the R.F.E. diplomatic Fleet)\"Captain Alexander Williams, sir, we are coming out warp just above the Skotadian home-world.\" Captain Alexander Williams \" tell all ships to Raise shields bring all weapons systems on stand by, and enter orbit around the planet, and began taking surface scans of the Planet to survey it to see what's on the planet.\" Commander Jason Murphy\" yes, sir.\" Captain Alexander Williams \"and bring Ambassador Jacob Smith up here.\" Commander Jason Murphy \"Right away Captain.\" Commander Jason Murphy Profile: Born on February 20, 2126 on the Planet Terra Nova in the city of New Denmark into a family of 3. In 2143 after Graduating from High school he decided to Join the F.I.N. academy and become R.F.E. Galactic Navy officer to Protect others that can Protect themselves and to defend the R.F.E. from any Interstellar threat either Human or Alien like the Skotadians that would try to Exterminate her Species: Mankind or any other Alien Races that they have made Alliances with or having taken save refuge. Captain Alexander Williams Profile: Born on Earth in the city Houston in the U.S. on June 25, 2120 into a family of 6. In 2137 after Graduating from High school he decided to Join the R.I.N. academy and become R.F.E. galactic Navy officer to Protect others that can Protect themselves and to the R.F.E. from any Interstellar threat either Human or Alien like the Skotadians that would try to Exterminate her Species: Mankind or any other Alien Races that they have made Allainces with or having taken save refuge. 15 minutes later... Commander Jason Murphy \"Captain, Sir owner Scanners scans are being reflected back at us, and we have a massive Skotadian destroyer coming toward us 600,000 meters and closing.\" Captain Alexander Williams \"send a translated message into Skotadian, tell them that we're the representatives of Terran Republic Federation Empire coming in peace and don't want war and that we request an audience with their Leaders to discuss a possible peace treaty.\" Commander Jason Murphy \"yes, Sir.\" a few minutes later... Commander Jason Murphy\" Captain, we're received a worded transmission from the Skotadian Destroyer.\" Captain Alexander Williams \"send it thought the Universal translator to have it translated right way.\" Commander Jason Murphy \"Yes, Sir.\" (a few seconds later) Commander Jason Murphy \" sir, the message is ready.\" both Captain Alexander William and Ambassador Jacob Smith \"put it up on the view screen.\" Commander Jason Murphy \"yes, Sirs.\"(the view screen.) \"take your weapons systems off-line have your ambassadors ready to mean with owner Leaders to discuss a peace treaty, if you show any sign of aggression you will be eliminated understand.\" Ambassador Jacob Smith to Captain Alexander Williams \" send a message to the Skotadian saying that we will comply to them request.\" Captain Alexander Williams \"yes, Sir.\" a few seconds Commander Jason Murphy \"Captain, Ambassador Smith, we have been locked on by a tracking beam due we fire on the source.\" Ambassador Jacob Smith \"no it seems that the Skotadian's plan to have the meeting on their Destroyer; Captain Alexander Williams just in case the Skotadian's pull something Devious on us I want a squadron of your best troops to protect us.\" Captain Alexander Williams \"Yes, Ambassador.\" a few minutes later... as the Diplomatic fleet was just arrive inside one of the destroyers spacecraft hangers and touch down inside hanger 04. inside the X-212G Ambassador Jacob smith Captain Alexander Williams and other Military personal were preparing to make contact with the Skotiadian's. they opened the X-212G main door and began to walk into the skotadian ship. as they were walking around the hanger Ambassador Jacob smith saw a few Skotadian's walking up to them. the 2 groups meet and Ambassador Jacob Smith saw a Skotadian heading for him with no visible weapons. Ambassador Jacob Smith \"Captain Alexander William tell your men to don't any hostile movement, we don't want the Skotadian's to get the wrong idea.\" the Skotadian walked up to him and took out its hand to him which in in turn Ambassador out his hand and both of them shake hands. the Skotadian then raise it other hand and signal to ambassador by point to its head and then pointed Ambassador's head which in turn Ambassador Jacob smith though for a few seconds and remember reading old report from former U.S. president Thomas J. Whitmore about being attack telepathy by a Skotadian during the war of 1996. Ambassador Jacob smith to Captain Alexander William \"Captain Alexander William we're about to begin negotiations telepathy don't do thing that would Jeopardize negotiations.\" Captain Alexander Williams \" yes, Ambassador.\" Ambassador Jacob smith nodded to the Skotidian waiting for a response confirming that he was ready. the Skotadian then reach out with its mind and made contact with Ambassador Jacob smith mind at first gently touch his mind and then slowly began to increase the strength of it touch to his mind and after a few seconds of contact said \"Hello, I'm Skotadian Ambassador Filia(meaning Friendship in Greek) representing the Skotadi Imperial empire, as you can see I can communicate in your native language from learn your language from your memories.\" Ambassador Jacob Smith respond with his mind \"Hello, I'm ambassador Jacob smith of the Republic Federation Empire.\" they communicated with each other for the next few minutes talking about a negotiations and the forming of Peace treaty between their interstellar governments. Captain Alexander William and other military personal agreed to communicate telepathy but Ambassadors Jacob smith and Filia agreed that she would not have any from her military advisors spy on their minds to search for military secrets as an act of good faith on the Skotadian part. after two weeks of negotiations on November 30, 2167 they have formed and signed a Peace treaty called the Skotadian Imperial Empire and the Republic Federation Empire Treaty. some of the things that the Treaty said that they would not attack each other less with possible cause and evidence to go to war. they agreed to allow the each other interstellar trading fleets to trade Civilian technology(not Military technology) and supplies among other things. they both are share scientific information between each other to expand each others civilizations Scientific knowledge of the universe. The R.F.E. would welcome any Skotadians that would migration to the R.F.E. Galactic Territory or visit their interstellar Civilization but the Skotadian's need to follow the R.F.E. Interstellar laws. the Skotadian and R.F.E. each agreed to have 2 ambassadors to represent each another Galactic Governments.[Chapter 3] First Contact the year is now November 27, 2167 and the R.F.E. is continuing to Explore and Expansion their Galactic Territory. on the outer reaches of the R.F.E. Territory Expansion A X-212H: U.S.S. Neo under the Command of Captain John Hiller was approaching the Kepler-298d Star system(about 1,545 light-years away to the Northwest from earth) to see if there are Inhabitable planets in the Habitable zone of star systems or if there are planets that can be terraformed into habitable planets for their Species to colonize. As they were Approaching Kepler-298d star system Captain John Hiller to his 2nd in command Daniel Murphy \"Commander Murphy drop us out of warp a light year way from the star system to not be detected any possible inhabits of this star system and begin scanning for any communication signals or warp dive signers if the star system has any signs of intelligence life.\" Commander Daniel Murphy \"Yes, sir.\" Captain John Hiller Profile: Born on planet Terra Prime in the city New Sydney on April 14, 2129 into a family of 4. In 2146 after Graduating from High school he Decided to Join the R.F.E. Galactic Science academy to become a R.F.E. scientist to explore the Universe and discover the mystery's of the Universe. over the years he has become one of the R.F.E.'s best scientists proving many of Mankind's century's old scientific hypnotizes and theory's. Commander Daniel Murphy Profile: Born on February 20, 2137 on the Planet Terra Nova in the city of New Denmark into a family of 3. In 2154 after Graduating from High school he decided to Join the F.I.N. academy and become R.F.E. Galactic Navy officer to Protect others that can't Protect themselves and to defend the R.F.E. from any Interstellar threat either Human or Alien like the Skotadians that might try to Exterminate her Species: Mankind or any other Alien Races that they have made Alliances with or having taken save refuge. In the begin as the R.F.E. began to explore outside their solar system that set up a policy of non-interference called the Primal directive. It stated that if a star system has a Primitive civilization that have developed and master basic Primitive Communicate technology them they would not made first contact and continue of their way to search for star systems with planets with no intelligence life forms to colonize; however if a star system has an Advance Civilization that has developed and mastered more advance Communicate technology like Advanced Sub-space communicate relay systems and Warp dive technology to travel around their Solar system faster or to began exploring outside their star system for alien life and made peaceful contact with them, then they would made first contact with the Spacefaring civilization. As they began to scan Kepler-298d their scanners began to pick up Advance sub-space communications and Warp dive signers inside the system which meant that there is intelligence life inside Kepler-298d. their scanners showed then that there was an alien Spacecraft about 3/4 of a light year away from them and is heading toward them at Warp 7 and would intercept them in a little more than 4 days and 6 1/2 hours. as Commander Daniel Murphy continue his scans of Kepler-298d he then saw on their ships communicate relay that they were received a message from the alien spacecraft. Commander Daniel Murphy to Captain John Hiller \"Captain Hiller we're received an Audio message from the alien Spacecraft.\" Captain John Hiller \"send thought the Universal translator to have the message translated and then let us hear their message on speaker and notify ambassador Alexandria Josef that we're being contacted and request her to come to the bridge.\" Commander Daniel Murphy \"Yes, sir.\" after a few seconds Commander Daniel Murphy played the message \"Unidentified alien spacecraft you have entered Kinich(Malayan meaning Sun) empire space please identify yourselves.\" Ambassador Alexandria Josef to Commander Daniel Murphy \"Commander Murphy open a Channel to the Kinich spaceship.\" Commander Daniel Murphy \"Yes, sir, channel open.\" Ambassador Alexandria Josef \"I'm Ambassador Alexandria Josef of the Republic Federation Empire ship U.S.S. Neo. We meaning you no harm may we be granted to enter space to meet you in person.\" Ambassador Alexandria Josef Profile: Born on Earth in the city Houston in the U.S. on July 22, 2120 into a family of 6. In 2137 after Graduating from High school she decided to Join the R.F.E Diplomatic academy and become R.F.E. Ambassador to Negotiate territorial Disputes between R.F.E. states or colonies to not let R.F.E. Colonies or states go to war with each other dragging the R.F.E. into a state of Civil war; to make Trade agreements between R.F.E. Colonies or states; to make peaceful contact with other space faring alien races. a few minutes later... the Kinich Spaceship \"Permission granted, we will Escort you to owner planet, however if you show any sign of aggression you'll be fired.\" Captain John Hiller \"Understand.\" As the U.S.S. Neo approached the Kinich home-world they tried to do a detailed scan of the Kinichian* home-world surface to see what type of species the Kinichians were but their scans were deflect by the Kinich planetary defense grid that jammed all outside scans expect for their own. as they were approaching the Kinichian home-world Captain John Hiller and his bridge officers saw another Kinich starship coming to them which they thought might be the Kinichian Diplomatic Ship with thier Ambassador's to made contact with them. As the Kinichian Diplomatic ship landed inside the U.S.S. Neo massive hanger#1, Ambassador Alexander Josef to Captain John Hiller \"Captain Hiller I want the universal translator operational inside Hanger #1 before we go in, I want us to be able to understand each other in these First contact meeting.\" Captain John Hiller \"Yes, Sir, Ambassador Josef.\" as they got ready for the meeting Captain John Hiller ordered for a squad of R.F.E. Marines as a security precaution incase the Kinichian Diplomatic party turned out to be hostile to them in their first contact meeting with them in Hanger#1. as they enter Hanger#1 they saw that the Kinichian Diplomatic party allow ready out of their ship talking to each other. they saw that the Kinichian Diplomatic followed the same precautions in the meeting for first contact as they did. when they were only a few feet away, Ambassador Alexandria Josef to the Kinichian Diplomatic party \"Hello, I'm ambassador Alexandria Josef of the Republic Federation Empire(she then shifted her right arm to her other Diplomatic members and introduced a few of them.), This is Captain John Hiller and Commander Daniel Murphy of the R.F.E. ship: U.S.S. Neo.\" A Kinichian stepped forward and looking at Ambassador Alexandria Josef \"I'm Ambassador Itzel(Malayan meaning rainbow.) of the Kinichian Galactic Republic Empire(she then Shifted her Left arm to her other diplomatic Members and introduced a few of them.), Captain Ahau Chamahez(Malayan meaning Good health) and Commander Yum Kaax(Malayan meaning Guardian) of the Kinich Diplomatic Ship: Ixchel.\" so begins the First contact meeting between the Kinichian and R.F.E. first contact diplomatic parties with each other for the next few hours talking about negotiations and the forming of Peace treaty between their interstellar governments. after 10 days of negotiations on December 7, 2167 they have formed and signed a Peace treaty called the Kinichian Galactic Republic Empire and the Republic Federation Empire Treaty. some of the things that the Treaty said that they would not attack each other less with possible cause and evidence to go to war. They agreed to allow each other interstellar trading fleets to trade Civilian technology(not Military technology) and supplies among other things. they both are share scientific information between each other to expand each others civilizations Scientific knowledge of the universe. The R.F.E. agreed with the Kinichian Galactic Government that they won't colonize any star systems Northwest because the Kinchian Empire was expansion their Galactic Territory in that area. The R.F.E. would welcome any Kinichians that would migration to the R.F.E. Galactic Territory or visit their interstellar Civilization but the Kinichian's need to follow the R.F.E. Interstellar laws. the Kinichian and R.F.E. governments each agreed to have an ambassador to represent each others Galactic Governments. March 12, 2169 over the years the both the Humans and Kinchian study each others Species to know each other better. the R.F.E. found out that the Kinichians were a race of humanoids similar to that of humans but few differences. as a R.F.E. scientists study a few Kinichian corpses(Male and female) by taking out a 4th Generation Packet sized Quantum Holographic Computer to scan the Kinichian corpses and they found that the Kinichian race is a highly developed Bipedal(meaning two arms and two legs) Predatory alien cat. as the R.F.E. scientists become to examine the Kinichian corpses and found some unique things about Kinchian Anatomy. 1st they found that the Kinichian have a thick layer of fare to protect them the cold. 2nd they found out that the Kinichians have 5 finger and 5 toes similar to a humans, however each of their finger and toe had hiding extended nails that could extend the nail 1/4 inch and has a sharp point to grab something went their very angry. they found the Kinichian Corpses revealed that they have a Muscle massive of 1 1/2x's that of a human meaning that the Kinichian could run faster, jump higher, and hit harder than Human could making them more Dangerous that a Human. the R.F.E. scientists checked out the Kinichian eye and compared it to that of a humans and found some things similar. 1st the Kinichian eye is about 3/4 the size of a human eye, 2nd the Kinichian eye visual field is slighter wider that a human's at 190 degrees compared to humans are 180 degrees. their eye visual acuity is slighter better than that of a humans. they color vision is slightly worse that a humans. their eye can see slightly better than a human eye can see at a distance. their Eye's night vision is far better that a human meaning that they see better at night. they checked out the kinichian ears and found out that their hearing is 3x's more powerful that a Humans but is extra sensitive to louder frequency's than a human ear is. they checked out the Kinichian sense of smell and found out that their sense of smell is 7x's stronger that a humans sense of smell. the Kinichian sense of taste is 2.5x's worse that a human's sense of taste but they concentrated with their much better sense of smell. they found that the Kinichian skull and brain was 3/4 the size of a Human's, however they found that the Kinichian brain area for reasoning was a little primate to that then a humans meaning the Kinichian's were more aggressive and a little more slower at reasoning and abating to chance. the Kinichian brain however did have some extra Nervous in some area's of the to concentrate for some of the other short comings the brain had in some other areas like in the brains section for taste was less developed that the brain some concentrate with extra Nervous in the brain section for smelling making them better at smelling thing than humans. the brain had extra Nervous in the hearing section of the brain to give the Kinichian's superior hearing to that of a Human. the R.F.E. scientists study the remaining Kinichian body functions and found out that they were similar to a humans. however the Kinichian Spinal bone structure was created to be more flexible than a human's meaning that the Kinichians could run on all 4's perfectly Horizon like a 4 legged animal Predator. the kinichian's reproductive systems were similar to humans reproductive systems. A kinichian female Reproductive system could support up to 4 children without a problem, it would take them 5.55 mouths to have their children. they have up to 4 breasts to feed their young. the Kinichian Male Reproductive system was similar to a human males. the R.F.E. concluded that both the Human race and the Kinichian races are compatible with each other. The R.F.E. scientists took a blood sample from each of the Kinichian corpses and found that the Kinichian body of cellar decay rate was 3x's faster than that of a human's cellar decay rate(with the Life Extension L.E. scrum). this meaning that a member of the Kinichian Species could life a lifespan of 53.3 years to 80 before dying of old age from a Heart attack or a Stroke compared to a human Lifespan of 160-240 years(with the Life Extension or L.E. scrum).[Chapter 4] Interstellar Community the year is now September 15, 2169 and the R.F.E. is continuing to Explore and Expansion their Galactic Territory, they have a galactic Territory spread across a broad 3,500 light year Perimeter west and Southwest of Earth and have colonized or Terraformed over 65 other star system and have come in contact with 3 other Space faring Alien races in the Milky Way Galaxy. the 3 races that R.F.E. meet were the Luwian Galactic Republic, Sankritian Galactic Federation and the Hurrian Galactic Republic and have meet peaceful contact with them and have made Treaties. when the R.F.E. meet the Luwian Galactic Republic on February 3, 2168 from a R.F.E. science vessel: U.S.S. Discovery checking out Kepler-1544b star system,(1,138 light years way to the North from Earth) that had signs of an advance space faring race. As they were approaching the star system Captain John Abraham to his 2nd in command Murphy Smith \"Commander Smith drop us out of warp a light year way from the star system to not be detected any possible inhabits of this star system and begin scanning for any communication signals or warp dive signers if the star system has any signs of intelligence life.\" Commander Murphy Smith \"Yes, sir.\" Captain John Abraham Profile: Born on planet Astrapi in the city White Rock on April 14, 2135 into a family of 5. In 2152 after Graduating from High school he Decided to Join the F.I.N. academy to become a R.F.E. Naval Officer to protect those that can't protect themselves and to defend the R.F.E. from any Interstellar threat either Human or Alien that might try exterminate his Species: Mankind or any other Alien races That they made alliances with having taken save refuge. Commander Murphy Smith Profile: Born on February 20, 2139 on the Planet Terra Nova in the city Shasta into a family of 2. In 2156 after Graduating from High school he decided to Join the F.I.N. academy and become R.F.E. Galactic Navy officer to Protect others that can't Protect themselves and to defend the R.F.E. from any Interstellar threat either Human or Alien that might try to Exterminate her Species: Mankind or any other Alien Races that they have made Alliances with or having taken save refuge. As they began to scan Kepler-1544b their scanners began to pick up Advance sub-space communications and Warp dive signers inside the system which meant that there is intelligence life inside Kepler-1544b. their scanners showed then that there was an alien Spacecraft about 3/4 of a light year away from them and is heading toward them at Warp 8 and would intercept them in a little more than 4 days and 6 1/2 hours. as Commander Murphy Smith continue his scans of Kepler-1544b he then saw on their ships communicate relay that they were received a message from the alien spacecraft. Commander Murphy Smith to Captain John Abraham \"Captain Abraham we're received an Audio message from the alien Spacecraft.\" Captain John Abraham \"send thought the Universal translator to have the message translated and then let us hear their message on speaker and notify ambassador Sarah Marcos that we're being contacted and request her to come to the bridge.\" Commander Murphy Smith \"Yes, sir.\" after a few seconds Commander Murphy Smith played the message \"Unidentified alien spacecraft you have entered Luwian Republic space please identify yourselves.\" Ambassador Sarah Marcos to Commander Murphy Smith \"Commander Smith open a Channel to the Luwian spaceship.\" Commander Murphy Smith \"Yes, Mama, channel open.\" Ambassador Sarah Marcos \"I'm Ambassador Sarah Marcos of the Republic Federation Empire ship U.S.S. Discovery. We meaning you no harm may we be granted to enter your Territory and to meet you in person.\" Ambassador Sarah Marcos Profile: Born on Earth, New York City, U.S. on July 22, 2122 into a family of 6. In 2139 after Graduating from High school she decided to Join the R.F.E Diplomatic academy and become R.F.E. Ambassador to Negotiate territorial Disputes between R.F.E. states or colonies to not let R.F.E. Colonies or states go to war with each other dragging the R.F.E. into a state of Civil war; to make Trade agreements between R.F.E. Colonies or states; to make peaceful contact with other space faring alien races. a few minutes later... the Luwian Spaceship \"Permission granted, we will Escort you to a Rendezvous owner planet, however if you show any sign of aggression you'll be fired.\" Captain John Abraham \"Understand.\" As the U.S.S. Discovery approached the planet and tried they tried to do a detailed scan of the planet's surface to see if the Luwian had colonized the planet. after a few minutes their scans detected a small Luwian Colony. as they were approaching Kepler-1544b Captain John Abraham and his bridge officers saw another Luwian starship coming to them which they thought might be the Luwian Diplomatic Ship with their Ambassador's to made contact with them. so begins the First contact between the Luwian Republic Representatives and the R.F.E. first contact diplomats with each other for the next few hours talking about negotiations and the forming of Peace treaty between their interstellar governments. after 2 weeks of negotiations on February 17, 2168 they have formed and signed a Peace treaty called the Luwian Galactic Republic and the Republic Federation Empire Treaty. some of the things that the Treaty said that they would not attack each other less with possible cause and evidence to go to war. They agreed to allow each other interstellar trading fleets to trade Civilian technology(not Military technology) and supplies among other things. they both are share scientific information between each other to expand each others civilizations Scientific knowledge of the universe. The R.F.E. would welcome any Luwians that would migration to the R.F.E. Galactic Territory or visit their interstellar Civilization but the Luwian's need to follow the R.F.E. Interstellar laws. the Luwian and R.F.E. governments each agreed to have an ambassador to represent each others Galactic Governments. when the R.F.E meet the Sankritian Galactic Federation on November 26, 2168 went a R.F.E. destroyer: U.S.S. Steven Hiller under the command of Commander Elizabeth Hiller made contract with an alien warship that was approaching the R.F.E. Star system: Gi Vromia system (3,445.76 light-years away to the northwest from earth) one of the R.F.E's newly colonize star system. As the alien warship was Approaching the Gi Vromia system Commander Elizabeth Hiller to her 2nd in command Lieutenant Commander Marcos Johnson \"Lt. Commander Johnson, Raise shields, Bring all weapon systems, and send a message to Unidentified alien to please identify themselves, that they have entered into Republic Federation Empire or they will be eliminated.\" Commander Johnson \"Yes, sir.\" Commander Elizabeth Hiller Profile: Born on planet Nea Zoi in the city of New Melbourne on September 4, 2129 into a family of 4. In 2146 after Graduating from High school she decided to Join the F.I.N. academy and become R.F.E. Galactic Navy officer to Protect others that can't Protect themselves and to defend the R.F.E. from any Interstellar threat either Human or Alien that might try to Exterminate her Species: Mankind or any other Alien Races that they have made Alliances with or having taken save refuge. Lt. Commander Marcos Johnson Profile: Born on April 15, 2133 on Earth in the city of Bismarck into a family of 3. In 2150 after Graduating from High school he decided to Join the F.I.N. academy and become R.F.E. Galactic Navy officer to Protect others that can't Protect themselves and to defend the R.F.E. from any Interstellar threat either Human or Alien that might try to Exterminate her Species: Mankind or any other Alien Races that they have made Alliances with or having taken save refuge. A few minutes later... Lt. Commander Marcos Johnson looked at the ships communicate relay and saw that they were received a message from the alien spacecraft. Lt. Commander Marcos Johnson to Captain Elizabeth Hiller \"Captain Hiller we're received an Audio message from the alien Spacecraft.\" Captain John Hiller \"send thought the Universal translator to have the message translated and then let us hear their message on speakers.\" Commander Daniel Murphy \"Yes, sir.\" after a few seconds Commander Marcos Johnson played the message \"I'm ambassador Mark Francisco of the Sanskritian Galactic Federation destroyer H.M.S. Wilson William, We meaning you no harm may we be granted to enter your territory and to meet you in person.\" a few minutes later... Commander Elizabeth Hiller \"Permission granted, we will Escort you to a Rendezvous Point owner planet, however if you show any sign of aggression you'll be fired.\" Sanskritian Ambassador Mark Francisco \"Understand.\" As the H.M.S. Wilson William approached the R.F.E. planet they tried to do a detailed scan of the R.F.E. surface to see what type of species the R.F.E. were but their scans were deflect by the R.F.E. planetary defense grid that jammed all outside scans expect for their own. as they were approaching the R.F.E. Ambassador Mark Francisco and his bridge officers saw another R.F.E starship coming to them which they thought might be the R.F.E. Diplomatic Ship with their Ambassador's to made contact with them. so begins the First contact meeting between the Sanskritians and R.F.E. first contact diplomatic parties with each other for the next few hours talking about negotiations and the forming of Peace treaty between their interstellar governments. after 5 days of negotiations on November 31, 2168 they have formed and signed a Peace treaty called the Sanskritian Galactic Federation and the Republic Federation Empire Treaty. some of the things that the Treaty said that they would not attack each other less with possible cause and evidence to go to war. They agreed to allow each other interstellar trading fleets to trade Civilian technology(not Military technology) and supplies among other things. they both are share scientific information between each other to expand each others civilizations Scientific knowledge of the universe. The R.F.E. would welcome any Sanskritian's that would migration to the R.F.E. Galactic Territory or visit their interstellar Civilization but the Sanskritian's need to follow the R.F.E. Interstellar laws. the Sanskritians and R.F.E. governments each agreed to have an ambassador to represent each others Galactic Governments. when the R.F.E. meet the Hurrian Galactic Republic on March 28, 2169 went a R.F.E. colonizing fleet and other Alien fleet were check checking out a star system(about 1,968.75 light years Southwest away from Earth) for possible colonization. As they were approaching the star system Captain Abraham Lee(commanding officer of the R.F.E. colonization fleet) to his 2nd in command Smith Daniels \"Commander Daniels drop us out of warp a light year way from the star system to not be detected any possible inhabits of this star system and begin scanning for any communication signals or warp dive signers if the star system has any signs of intelligence life.\" Commander Murphy Smith \"Yes, sir.\" Captain Abraham Lee Profile: Born on planet Pnevma(Greek meaning spirit) in the city Mathai on April 14, 2130 into a family of 5. In 2147 after Graduating from High school he Decided to Join the F.I.N. academy to become a R.F.E. Naval Officer to protect those that can't protect themselves and to defend the R.F.E. from any Interstellar threat either Human or Alien that might try exterminate his Species: Mankind or any other Alien races That they made alliances with having taken save refuge. Commander Smith Daniels Profile: Born on February 20, 2135 on the Planet Terra Nova in the city New Novachocha into a family of 5. In 2152 after Graduating from High school he decided to Join the F.I.N. academy and become R.F.E. Galactic Navy officer to Protect others that can't Protect themselves and to defend the R.F.E. from any Interstellar threat either Human or Alien that might try to Exterminate her Species: Mankind or any other Alien Races that they have made Alliances with or having taken save refuge. As they began to scan the star system their scanners began to pick up unknown alien ships coming out of sub-space inside the system. their scanners showed them that the alien fleet was about 3/4 of a light year away from them and is heading toward them at Warp 8 and would intercept them in a little more than 4 days and 6 1/2 hours. as Commander Murphy Smith continue his scans of the alien fleet and he saw on their ships communicate relay that they were received a message one of the alien spacecraft. Commander Smith Daniels to Captain Abraham Lee \"Captain Lee we're received an Audio message from one of the alien Spaceships.\" Captain Abraham Lee \"send thought the Universal translator to have the message translated and then let us hear their message on speaker and notify ambassador Marcos Wilson that we're being contacted and request him to come to the bridge.\" Commander Smith Daniels \"Yes, sir.\" after a few seconds Commander Smith Daniels played the message \"Unidentified alien spacecraft you have entered the claim Galactic Territory of the Hurrian Galactic Republic please identify yourselves.\" Ambassador Marcos Wilson to Commander Smith Daniels \"Commander Daniels open a Channel to the Hurrian spaceship that is contact us.\" Commander Smith Daniels \"Yes, sir, channel open.\" Ambassador Marcos Wilson \"I'm Ambassador Sarah Marcos of the Republic Federation Empire ship U.S.S. Explorer. We meaning you no harm may we be granted to enter your territory and to meet you in person.\" Ambassador Marcos Wilson Profile: Born on Nea Zoi, in the city of Hill Valley on December 22, 2131 into a family of 6. In 2148 after Graduating from High school she decided to Join the R.F.E Diplomatic academy and become R.F.E. Ambassador to Negotiate territorial Disputes between R.F.E. states or colonies to not let R.F.E. Colonies or states go to war with each other dragging the R.F.E. into a state of Civil war; to make Trade agreements between R.F.E. Colonies or states; to make peaceful contact with other space faring alien races. a few minutes later... the Hurrian Spaceship \"Permission granted, we will Escort you to Rendezvous point under owner planet, however if you show any sign of aggression you'll be fired.\" Captain Abraham Lee \"Understand.\" As the U.S.S. Explorer approached the planet and tried they tried to do a detailed scan of the planet's surface to see if the Hurrian's have colonized the planet. after a few minutes their scans detected a small Hurrian Colony. as they were approaching the planet Captain Abraham Lee and his bridge officers saw another Hurrian starship coming to them which they thought might be the Hurrian Diplomatic Ship with their Ambassador's to made contact with them. so begins the First contact between the Hurrian Galactic Republic Representatives and the R.F.E. first contact diplomats with each other for the next few hours talking about negotiations and the forming of Peace treaty between their interstellar governments. after 3 weeks of negotiations on April 18, 2169 they have formed and signed a Peace treaty called the Hurrian Galactic Republic and the Republic Federation Empire Treaty. some of the things that the Treaty said that they would not attack each other less with possible cause and evidence to go to war. They agreed to allow each other interstellar trading fleets to trade Civilian technology(not Military technology) and supplies among other things. they both are share scientific information between each other to expand each others civilizations Scientific knowledge of the universe. The R.F.E. would welcome any Hurrian's that would migration to the R.F.E. Galactic Territory or visit their interstellar Civilization but the Hurrian's need to follow the R.F.E. Interstellar laws. the Hurrian and R.F.E. governments each agreed to have an ambassador to represent each others Galactic Governments. April 18, 2170 over the next few months the both the Humans and Luwians study each others Species anatomy to know each other better. the R.F.E. found out that the Luwians were a race of humanoids similar to that of humans but few differences. as a R.F.E. scientists study a few Luwian corpses(Male and female) by taking out a 4th Generation Packet sized Quantum Holographic Computer to scan the Luwian corpses and they found that the Luwian race is a highly developed Bipedal(meaning two arms and two legs) Predatory alien Shark. as the R.F.E. scientists become to examine the Luwian corpses and found some unique things about Luwian Anatomy. 1st they found that the Luwian have a back fin on their back to help them glide better in the water, that they skin is tougher than human skin and that they have Gills similar to a fish be they found that the Luwian gills have found a way to adapt to breath Air outside of bodies of water. 2nd they found out that the Luwians Corpses cold blooded and that they couldn't stay in one place for long and that they needed to keep moving to maintain their body temperature or have a Body suit to Regulate their Body temperature. 3rd they found out that the Luwians have 3 fingers(including the Thumb) have and 3 toes instead of 5 fingers and 5 toes like humans. they found the Luwian Corpses revealed that they have a Muscle massive of 3x's that of a human meaning that the Luwians could run or swim faster and hit harder than Human could making them more Dangerous that a Human. the R.F.E. scientists checked out the Luwian eye and compared it to that of a humans and found some things similar. 1st the Luwian eye is about 1 1/4x's the size of a human eye, 2nd the Luwian eye visual field is slighter wider that a human's at 190 degrees compared to humans are 180 degrees. their eye visual acuity is slighter better than that of a humans. they color vision is slightly worse that a humans. their eye can see slightly better than a human eye can see at a distance. their Eye's night vision is far better that a human meaning that they see better at night. they checked out the Luwian ears but they were hear to find and found out that their hearing is 3x's more powerful that a Humans but is extra sensitive to louder frequency's than a human ear is. they checked out the Luwian sense of smell and found out that their sense of smell is 15x's stronger that a humans sense of smell, they could smell could pick up any type alien blood in their environment a track the alien life form a lot better that a human can. the Luwian sense of taste is different than a humans the Luwian taste is heavily contacted to their sense of smell and the ability to feel their environment around them to see if it was the right time to feed. they found that the Luwian skull and brain was slightly bigger then a Human's. they found that the Luwian brain area for reasoning was a little more developed then a humans meaning the Luwian's were more reasonable and a little better at abating to chance. the Luwian brain however did have some extra Nervous in the brain sense area's to concentrate the brain like in their area of Hearing, Sight, Smell, Taste and tough getting the Luwian's superior in most areas compared to the Human Brain. the R.F.E. scientists study the remaining Luwian body functions and found out that they were similar to a shark. however the Luwian Spinal bone structure was created to be more flexible than a human's meaning that the Luwian could swim more flexible like a Predatory Alien Shark. the Luwian's reproductive systems were similar to sharks reproductive systems. A Luwian female Reproductive system could support up to 50 children without a problem, it would take them 1 1/2 years to have their children. the Luwian Male Reproductive system was similar to an alien Shark males. the R.F.E. scientists concluded that both the Human race and the Luwian races weren't compatible with each other. The R.F.E. scientists took a blood sample from each of the Luwian corpses and found that the Luwian body of cellar decay rate was 2x's faster than that of a human's cellar decay rate(with the Life Extension L.E. scrum). this meaning that a member of the Luwian Species could life a lifespan of 80 years to 120 before dying of old age from a Heart attack or a Stroke compared to a human Lifespan of 160-240 years(with the Life Extension or L.E. scrum). November 19, 2170 over the next few months both the Humans and Sanskirtians study each others Species anatomy to know each other better. the R.F.E. found out that the Sanskirtians were a race of humanoids similar to that of humans but few differences. as a R.F.E. scientists study a few Sanskirtian corpses(Male and female) by taking out a 5th Generation Packet sized Quantum Holographic Computer to scan the Sanskirtian corpses and they found that the Sanskirtian race is a highly developed Bipedal(meaning two arms and two legs) Ancient Predatory Dinosaur species. as the R.F.E. scientists become to examine the Sanskirtian corpses and found some unique things about Sanshirtian Anatomy. 1st they found that the Sanskirtians have a thick layer of very tough skin like leather but not a weak as human skin to protect them from the harsh environment of their home-world. 2nd that they were cool blooded and that they couldn't stay in one place for long and that they needed to keep moving to maintain their body temperature or have a body suit to Regulate their body Temperature. 3rd they found out that the Sanskirtian have 4 fingers(included the thumb) and 4 toes, however each of their finger and toe have extended nails that could extend the nail 1/4 inch and has a sharp point to grab something went their very angry. they found the Sanskirtian Corpses revealed that they have a Muscle massive of 2 1/2x's that of a human meaning that the Sanskirtians could run faster, jump higher, and hit harder than Human could making them more Dangerous that a Human. the R.F.E. scientists checked out the Sanskirtian eye and compared it to that of a humans and found some things similar. 1st the Sanskirtian eye is about the same size of a human eye, 2nd the Sanshirtian eye visual field is the same as a human's at 180 degrees. their eye visual acuity is slightly worse than that of a humans. they color vision is slightly worse that a humans. their eye can see slightly better since the R.E.F. scientists found out that they have Binocular vision than a human eye can see at a distance. their Eye's night vision is about the same as a human's. they checked out the Sanskirtian ears and found out that their hearing is 1 1/2'xs more powerful that a Humans but is extra sensitive to louder frequency's than a human ear is. they checked out the Sanskirtian sense of smell and found out that their sense of smell is 4x's stronger that a humans sense of smell. the Kinichian sense of taste is same as a human's sense of taste. they found that the Sanskirtian skull and brain was 1 1/2x's the size of a Human's, however they found that the Sanskirtian brain area for reasoning was a far more Development then a humans meaning the Sanskirtian's were more reasoniable and abating to chance than humans. the Sanskirtian brain however did have some extra Nervous in the brain sections of smell, taste, sight, touch, and hearing making them better than Humans. the R.F.E. scientists study the remaining Sanskirtian body functions and found out that they were similar to a Dinosaur. the Sanskirtian's reproductive systems were very different to a humans reproductive systems. A Sanskirtian female Reproductive system could support up to 10 children without a problem, it would take 1 mouth for their eggs to hatch. the Sanskirtian Male Reproductive system was very different to a human males. the R.F.E. scienists concluded that both the Human and the Sanskirtian races aren't compatible with each other. The R.F.E. scientists took a blood sample from each of the sanskirtian corpses and found that the Sanskirtian body of cellar decay rate was the same as a human's cellar decay rate(with the Life Extension L.E. scrum). this meaning that a member of the Kinichian Species could life a lifespan of 160 years to 240 before dying of old age from a Heart attack or a Stroke compared to a human Lifespan of 160-240 years(with the Life Extension or L.E. scrum). February 28, 2171 over the years the both the Humans and Hurrians study each others Species anatomy to know each other better. the R.F.E. found out that the Hurrians were a race of humanoids similar to that of humans but few differences. as a R.F.E. scientists study a few Hurrian corpses(Male and female) by taking out a 5th Generation Packet sized Quantum Holographic Computer to scan the Hurrian corpses and they found that the Hurrian race is a highly developed Bipedal(meaning two arms and two legs) Predatory alien Bird. as the R.F.E. scientists become to examine the Hurrian corpses and found some unique things about Hurrian Anatomy. 1st they found that the Hurrian have a thick layer of Heathers to protect them and they were warm blooded. 2nd they found out that the Hurrians have 3 fingers and 3 toes, however each of their finger and toe had extended nails that could extend the nail 1/4 inch and has a sharp point to grab something went their very angry. they found the Hurrian Corpses revealed that they have a Muscle mass the same as a human meaning that the Hurrian could run, jump, and hit just as hard as a Human could making them Just as Dangerous as a Human. the R.F.E. scientists checked out the Hurrian eye and compared it to that of a humans and found some things similar. 1st the Hurrian eye is about 3/4 the size of a human eye, 2nd the Kinichian eye visual field is the same as a human's at 180 degrees. their eye visual acuity is slighter better than that of a humans. they color vision is slightly worse that a humans. their eye can see slightly better than a human eye can see at a distance. their Eye's night vision is far better that a human meaning that they see better at night. they checked out the Hurrian ears and found out that their hearing is a little more worse because their hearing focus on the smaller Frequency size of hearing that a Humans ear is. they checked out the Kinichian sense of smell and found out that their sense of smell is a little worse that a humans sense of smell. the Kinichian sense of taste is 2x's worse that a human's sense of taste. they found that the Hurrian skull and brain was 7/8 the size of a Human's, however they found that the Hurrian brain area for reasoning was a little primate to that then a humans meaning the Hurrian's were more aggressive and a little more slower at reasoning and abating to chance. the Hurrian brain however did have some extra Nervous in some area's of the to concentrate for some of the other short comings the brain had in some other areas like in the brains section for taste was less developed that the brain some concentrate with extra Nervous in the brain section for sight making them better at spotting things better than a humans. the brain had extra Nervous in the hearing section of the brain to give the Hurrian's superior hearing to that of a Human. the R.F.E. scientists study the remaining Hurrian body functions and found out that they were similar to Birds. the Hurrian's reproductive systems were very different to Human reproductive systems. A Hurrian female Reproductive system could support up to 8 children without a problem, it would take them 1 1/2 for their eggs to hatch mouths to have their children. the Hurrian Male Reproductive system was different to a human males. the R.F.E. scientists concluded that both the Human and the Hurrian races aren't compatible with each other. The R.F.E. scientists took a blood sample from each of the Hurrian corpses and found that the Hurrian body of cellar decay rate was 1.5x's slower than that of a human's cellar decay rate(with the Life Extension L.E. scrum). this meaning that a member of the Hurrian Species could life a lifespan of 240 years to 360 years before dying of old age from a Heart attack or a Stroke compared to a human Lifespan of 160-240 years(with the Life Extension or L.E. scrum).[Chapter 5] New Technology the date is now June 12, 2175, it has been over 130 years sense the R.F.E. wars with the Skotadian Imperial Empire. over the past 130 years the R.F.E. scientists and engineers have designed their latest Galactic Starships and have invented new technology. the R.F.E. has colonized or Terraformed over 66 other star system planets spread across over a broad 3,500 light year territory perimeter toward the northwest and southwest part of the Milky Way. In Late October 2169, the R.F.E. scientists and engineers have Development Medical Immune system Tank Capsule technology. the Technology worked by filling the Medical Tank Capsule with some Medical liquid to that would stabilize the Patients condition. they then would scan the Patient to see what is wrong like if their Patients Immune system is Malfunctioning and not response to well to medical treat than they would either slowly replace their Malfunctioning Immune with a new Immune system that is design to interact their Species body or could Replace their Malfunctioning Immune System with a Enhance Immune system that their species body could interact to fight off Cancer or Disease better. as of Late May 2170, the R.F.E. scientists and engineers have design and create their 5th generation Quantum computer holographic technology. they create to versions one packet size Quantum Computer Holographic Technology for the R.F.E. Public to use and a Massive version for the R.F.E. military to use on a massive scale to create holographic simulations for the F.I.N. to use in war games. the holograms the 5th generation computer Holography technology were complex like it could project a 3d image of the human body and show the layers of the human like the skin, organs, and skeleton is detail. however there was a down side the 5th generation Quantum computer holographic technology Imaging Matrix was last a nearly 3 days and 16 hours before it burned out without a cool down time. they give the 5th generation Quantum Computer holographic Technology to the R.F.E. government to begin massive produce the 1st Generation Quantum Computer holographic Technology to the Public and for their Military to use. In the field of computer Artificial Intelligence the R.F.E. have finally had a break thought and have create Mankind's 1st Quantum Computer A.I. from a R.F.E. scientist named James Wilson who has for the pasted 75 years trying to find a powerful enough computer system to begin designed an A.I. program that he named Eve that has the potential to become a very complex A.I. that could learn and could understand how a person or people felt and how to respect life. Finally in Mid April of 2169 he finally had a break though and found a 5th generation Quantum Computer about the size of a Laptop with enough hard dive space. He Programmed EVE with the Ability to defend herself from someone that might harm her, her program can't kill the person but can only sent a massive electoral shock that would Stun or knock out the person that tried to harm her. He installed a new program code into Eve Program that told her that in conflict that she can kill another living thing that tried to kill another living being without probable cause to end the war and to bring peace. the code said to Eve that during peace time the code would be deactivated itself so not to cause her to kill someone that was killing others that was the Law in forces job. he give a copy of Eve to the R.F.E. government to begin producing assist A.I.'s to the Public and to the Military. James Wilson Profile: Born on planet Terra Prime in the city New Sydney on October 14, 2074 into a family of 4. In 2091 after Graduating from High school he Decided to Join the R.F.E. Galactic Science academy to become a R.F.E. Computer scientist and Programmer to develop new Powerful computer for the R.F.E. to in their Galactic starships and over the years he has become one of the R.F.E.'s best scientists in Computers development Molecular computers among others. In Late November of 2169 the R.F.E. scientists and engineers have designed mankind first generation Anti-matter generator about the size of car to generate huge amounts of energy. the R.F.E. scientists and engineers have designed inside the anti-matter generator a huge magnetic field containment unit to store and contain the Anti-matter from Matter to not cause a massive explosion that could kill million or billions of living beings. the Anti-matter generator worked by having one atom size of anti-matter to combine with matter in the Containment unit to stabilize the explosion to not let it get out of control. in Theory the R.F.E. scientists and engineers said that the anti-matter generator could easily produce enough control energy equal to that of 10 Fusion Reactors(similar to the sun). they give the Anti-matter generator to the R.F.E. government to begin massive produce Anti-matter Generators to replace Fusion reactors on their planets and starships. In the Mid April of 2170, the R.F.E. scientists and engineers have designed the 7th generation Colonization class ship Called the Wernher Von Braun class or the JB-695G to use in transporting Massive Amounts of Colonists to seed other planets or Star systems for mankind inside their home solar system or beyond it to other star system. they said that it would take 72.2256 years to have a JB-695G constructed and ready for service at normal production at a single shipyard to have a JB-695G ready for service. the JB-695G is 52,399.6343 meters in length, 17,466.544 meters in width and 980.1 meters in height/depth. the JB-695G would have a crew of 38,487 crew-members to maintain ships systems and can carry up to 79,376 Passengers to other planets of Star systems to Colonize. the JB-695G is powered by 2 anti-matter reactors and 20 Massive fusion Reactors as Auxiliary Reactors to power its advance defense systems and Advance Proportion systems. the JB-695G has an Auxiliary bridge control, and a Galactic Map of the Galaxy, a Self-destruct system as a last resort and Escape pods to evacuate the ships crew and passengers. the JB-695E defenses were an R.F.E. Capital shield generator to generate powerful shields, 3.047 meters thick energy absorption armor Plating and 7,157 Anti-spacecraft laser turrets to shoot down enemy fighters or Bombers. The JB-695G would have 3 Engine units installed it, 1st 181 Capital Sub-light Engines and 10,732 Maneuvering thrusters (to move the JB-695G Right, left, and down in space), 2nd 843 traditional supersonic Jet engines to move the ship inside a planets atmosphere and the latest warp dive. The JB-695G has 4 massive and a medium spacecraft hangers that can carry 709 T-Rex-306F fighter spacecraft interceptors and 91 scout ships to defend the ship from an enemy attack. they give the Wernher Von Braun Class or the JB-695G Prototype to the R.F.E. government to begin mass production 7th generation colonization ships to colonize other planets in their Solar System or other Star systems that they have Colonized or have meet other Intelligence Alien species that have mastered Space faring technology and made peaceful contact and have become allies. In mid August of 2170, the R.F.E. Scientists and engineers have designed their 9th generation Capital ship shield generation technology. they said in theory that the 9th generation Capital ship Shield generation technology can produce a protective shields around an interstellar spacecraft 25% stronger than the 8th generation capital ship shield generation technology to take 76 Capital ship-to-ship laser cannon hits before failing and making the ship valuable to enemy fire. they test their theory by firing 6th generation ship-to-ship laser cannon 25 times and found that the capital ship shield strength was down to 67.34% and still could more of a pounding. they give the 9th generation Capital ship shield Generation Technology Prototype to the R.F.E. government to begin producing the 9th generation Capital ship shield Generation defense Technology to protect any of their own interstellar spacecraft to explore the universe or Defend from any Human interstellar spacecraft or Alien Interstellar spacecraft from other interstellar threats. In late January of 2171, the R.F.E. Scientists and engineers have designed the 9th generation interstellar Scout ships and cargo ships called the Andromeda class Scout ship or the X-212I Class and the Ronald William Class cargo ship or the R-936I class. they said that it would take 1.415 months to have a X-212I constructed and ready for service at normal production at a single shipyard to have X-212I ready for service. The X-212I is a lot larger than it's Previous class, the X-212G is 1014.8914 meters in length, 152.2032 meters in width and 79.86 meters in height/depth. the X-212I would have a crew of 685 crew-members to maintain ships systems and can carry 1,368 passengers. the X-212I is powered by a single anti-matter Reactor to power its advance weapons, Advance Proportion systems and life support systems. the X-212I has an Auxiliary bridge control, and a Galactic Map of the Galaxy, a Self-destruct system as a last resort and Escape pods to evacuate the ships crew. the X-212I defenses were the latest R.F.E. Capital shield generator to generate powerful shields and 120 Anti-spacecraft laser turrets to shoot down enemy fighters or Bombers. the X-212I armaments: 76 missile launch tubes to launch I.S. missiles among other missiles. The X-212I would 3 Engine units installed it, 1st 2 Capital Sub-light Engines and 326 thrusters (to move the X-212I Right, left, and down in space), 2nd 23 traditional supersonic Jet engines for the ship inside a planets atmosphere, and 3rd the latest Warp dive. they give the Andromeda class or the X-212I Prototype to begin mass production X-212I's scout ships to defend against any Human interstellar or Alien capital ships or from any other interstellar threat. The Ronald William Class cargo ship or R-936I would be the 9th generation Interstellar Cargo ship. they said that it would Nearly take 3.957 years to have a R-936I constructed and ready for service at normal production at a single shipyard to have a R-936H ready for service. The R-936I larger than it Previous class, the R-936I is 4,600.4766 meters in length, 181.863 meters in width and 200.0493 meters in height/depth. the R-936G would have a crew of 2,365 crew-members to maintain ships systems and the ship can carry 591,364 tons of cargo. the R-936I is powered by an Anti-matter Reactor and 5 Massive fusion Reactors as auxiliary reactors to power its advance defense systems, Advance Proportion systems and life support systems. the R-936I has an Auxiliary bridge control, and a Galactic Map of the Galaxy, a Self-destruct system as a last resort and Escape pods to evacuate the ships crew. the R-936I defenses were the latest R.F.E. Capital shield generator to generate powerful shields and 472 Anti-spacecraft laser turrets to shoot down enemy fighters or Bombers. The R-936G would 3 Engine units installed it, 1st 12 Capital Sub-light Engines and 652 thrusters (to move the R-936I Right, left, and down in space), 2nd 53 traditional supersonic Jet engines for the ship to move the craft inside a planets atmosphere and 3rd the latest warp dive. they give the Ronald William class or the R-936I cargo ship Prototype to begin mass production 9th generation cargo ships to go along with X-212I Scout ships in set up Military Bases or to set up Colonies on other planet. In mid February of 2167, the R.F.E. Scientists and engineers have designed their 8th Generation Fighter-spacecraft Interceptor called the T-Rex-306H Fighter interceptor. The T-Rex-306H is a little larger than the T-Rex-306G fighter spacecraft Interceptor class, it is 46.1208 meters in length, 32.67 meters in width and 7.05 meters in height. the T-Rex-306H would have 2 pilots to operation the fighter(a Pilot and co-pilot). the T-Rex-306H is powered by 2 Miniature fusion Reactors to power its advance weapons and Advance Proportion systems. the T-Rex-306H armaments were 4 Miniature anti-spacecraft laser turrets, 18 I.S. missiles (to use in space battles above a Planet or in Space engages away from planets), 8 traditional Air-to-Air Missile (to use in Planetary battles) and 8 Advance Air-to-Air Heat-seeker missiles(to use in Planetary battles). The T-Rex-306G would 2 Engine units installed it, 1st a Sub-light Engine and 2 traditional supersonic Jet engines for the Fighter to move the craft inside a planets atmosphere. the T-Rex-306G would have 25 Maneuvering Thrusters(7 to 8 thrusters on each wing and 9 inside the mainframe) to move the fighter right,left, up and down while in outer space to operation better and to do space combat with other interstellar Fighters. they give the T-Rex-306H Fighter interceptor Prototype to begin mass production the T-Rex-306H Fighter-spacecraft Interceptor to replace the T-Rex-306G to defend against any Human or Interstellar threats. In late May of the same year the R.F.E. Scientists and engineers have design their 8th Generation Interstellar Bomber called the Velo-201H Bomber. The Velo-201H is a little larger the Velo-201G Bomber, it is 105.42554 meters in length, 39.3921 meters in width and 17.4361 meters in height. the Velo-201H would have crew of 4 to operation the Velo-201H(pilot, co-pilot, bombardier, defensive systems operator). the Velo-201H is powered by 2 Miniature fusion Reactors to power its advance weapons and Advance Proportion systems. the Velo-201H armaments be 18 I.S. missiles (to use in space battles above a Planet or in Space engages away from planets), 8 traditional Air-to-Air Missiles (to use in Planetary battles), 8 Advance Air-to-Air Heat-seeker missiles (to use in Planetary battles) and 20 Anti-starship cruiser missiles. the Velo-201H defenses would be the latest Fighter-spacecraft shield generator to generation defensive shields to protect it from enemy fire. The Velo-201H would 2 Engine units installed it, 1st a Sub-light Engine and 2nd 2 traditional supersonic Jet engines for the Fighter to move the craft inside a planets atmosphere. the Velo-201H would have 23 Maneuvering Thrusters(7 to 8 thrusters on each wing and 8 inside the mainframe) to move the fighter right,left, up and down while in outer space to operation better and to due space combat with other interstellar Fighters. they give the Velo-201H Fighter interceptor Prototype to begin mass production the 8th Generation Interstellar bomber to replace the Velo-201G to attack any Human Spacecraft or Interstellar spacecraft threats. in Early August of 2168, the R.F.E. Scientists and engineers have designed 9th generation massive ship-to-ship laser cannon system. they said in theory that the massive ship-to-ship laser cannon technology can were powerful enough to drain the protective shields around an interstellar spacecraft with 9th generation shield generation technology by 2.66% for every shot. they test their theory by firing a massive ship-to-ship laser cannon 30 times and found that the capital ship shield strength was down to 79.8% and still could take more of a pounding. (if a 2nd generation capital ship shield generation was firing on with a 9th generation capital ship-to-ship cannon each shot would drain the shield strength by 16.14%). they give the 9th generation Capital ship-to-ship laser Cannon Technology Prototype to the R.F.E. government to begin producing of 9th generation Ship-to-ship laser cannon system Technology to protect any of their own interstellar spacecraft to explore the universe or Defend from any Human interstellar spacecraft or Alien Interstellar spacecraft like the Skotadian Capital ships or from other interstellar threats. in Mid April of 2169, the R.F.E. scientists and engineers have designed the 10th generation fighter-spacecraft shield generation technology Prototype. they said in theory that the 10th fighter-Spacecraft Shield generation technology can produce a protective shields around a object strong to take 39 Anti-spacecraft turret hits before failing and making the ship valuable to enemy fire. they test their theory by firing a Anti-spacecraft turret 39 times to see if the shields would hold for 39 shots and it. they give the 10th generation Fighter-spacecraft shield Generation Technology Prototype to the R.F.E. government to begin producing 10th generation Military Defense Advance fighter spacecraft Shield generation Technology to give their T-Rex 306F Fighter-spacecraft interceptors and Velo-201F bomber's a better fighting change against any Human fighter-spacecraft or Interstellar fight-spacecraft like the Skotadian Fighters. In Late July of 2168, the R.F.E. scientists and engineers have developed their latest Generation warp dive technology called the Warp dive XIII(13).they said in theory that their XIII generation warp dive technology can warp space around a spacecraft 4096x's the speed of Light(meaning that it would take an interstellar spacecraft about 24.414065 years to travel across the Milky way galaxy) working around the E=MC2 equation to travel around the universe faster and their own terraforming technology. they tested the Warp dive by have a Volunteer X-212F scout ship and crew to test the Warp dive. the Crew of a Scout ship: USS Saratoga under the command of Captain Josef Williams Volunteer to test the Warp dive XIII. they installed the Warp dive technology into the X-212F scout ship and have the scout ship go to from the Terra Solar system to Gi Vromia Star system by using the Warp dive technology to see if their theory was proofed. they went to lower earth orbit and the Navigator Commander Daniel Jacobs of the Scout ship put in the course of Gi Vromia Star system and Activate the Warp dive XIII. 307.05625 days later the USS Saratoga came out of sub-space and Lieutenant Daniel Jacobs checked the coordinates on the computer and found that they have traveled 3447.76 light years in 307.056525 days. they contacted the R.F.E scientists and engineers at Terra Solar system and told that the warp dive XIII worked. the USS Saratoga return to Earth by using its warp dive XIII and the R.F.E scientists and engineers gave the their warp dive XIII prototype to the R.F.E. government to begin massive producing it for all of the interstellar starships to have a Warp dive XIII to travel around the universe. In May of 2172 they have designed the 9th generation Patrol ship called the Apollo Class or the TW-425I, they said that it would take a little more than 12.54 years to have a TW-425I constructed and ready for service at normal production at a single shipyard to have a TW-425I ready for service. The TW-425I is a lot larger than the R.F.E. R-936I cargo ship class. the TW-425I is 9,305.4190 meters in length, 1,961.8275 meters in width and 322.7433 meters in height/depth. the TW-425I would have a crew of 2,950 crew-members to maintain ships systems. the TW-425I is powered by an Anti-matter reactor and 4 Massive fusion Reactors as Auxiliary to power its advance weapons and Advance Proportion systems. the TW-425I has an Auxiliary bridge control, and a Galactic Map of the Galaxy, a Self-destruct system as a last resort and Escape pods to evacuate the ships crew. the TW-425I defenses were an E.R.F shield generator to generate powerful shields, 1.138 meters thick energy absorption armor Plating and 1,229 Anti-spacecraft laser turrets to shoot down enemy fighters or Bombers. the TW-425I armaments: 75 missile launch tubes to launch I.S. missiles among other missiles, and 4 Ship-to-ship cannons. The TW-425I would 3 Engine units installed it, 1st 17 Capital Sub-light Engines and 1,691 Maneuvering thrusters (to move the TW-425I Right, left, and down in space), 2nd 197 traditional supersonic Jet engines for the ship to move the craft inside a planets atmosphere and 3rd the latest Warp dive. a massive sized spacecraft hanger and a small spacecraft hanger that can carry 83 T-Rex-306G fighter spacecraft interceptors and 8 scout ship. they give the Apollo class Patrol ship or the TW-425I Prototype to begin mass production the TW-425I interstellar Warship to defend their Solar System or other Star systems that they have Colonized or have meet other Intelligence Alien species that have mastered Space faring technology and made peaceful contact and have become allies. In October of the same year they have designed the 9th generation Interstellar Frigate called the Defiance class or the UR-145I, they said that it would take 30.6493 years to have a UR-145I constructed and ready for service at normal production at a single shipyard to have a UR-145I ready for service. The UR-145I is larger than the R.F.E. TW-425I class. the UR-145I is 17,212.5 meters in length, 3,442.5 meters in width and 346.5 meters in height/depth. the UR-145I would have a crew of 13,750 crew-members to maintain ships systems. the UR-145G is powered by 2 Anti-matter Reactors and 18 Massive fusion Reactors as Auxiliary to power its advance weapons, defense systems and Advance Proportion systems. the UR-145I has an Auxiliary bridge control, and a Galactic Map of the Galaxy, a Self-destruct system as a last resort and Escape pods to evacuate the ships crew. the UR-145I defenses were an R.F.E. shield generator to generate powerful shields, 1.474 meters thick energy absorption armor Plating and 445 Anti-spacecraft laser turrets to shoot down enemy fighters or Bombers. the UR-145I armaments: 14 Capital ship-to-ship cannon and 224 missile launch tubes to launch I.S. missiles among other missiles. The UR-145I would 3 Engine units installed it, 1st 57 Capital Sub-light Engines and 2,912 Maneuvering thrusters (to move the UR-145I Right, left, and down in space), 2nd 141 traditional supersonic Jet engines to move the craft inside a planets atmosphere and 3rd the latest warp dive. 2 massive spacecraft hangers that can carry 213 T-Rex-306H fighter spacecraft interceptors and 28 scout ships. they give the Defiance class Frigate or the UR-145I Prototype to begin mass production the UR-145I interstellar Warship to defend their Solar System or other Star systems that they have Colonized or have meet other Intelligence Alien species that have mastered Space faring technology and made peaceful contact and have become allies. In mid January of 2173 they have designed the 7th generation destroyer called the Alex Daniels Class or the SY-825I, they said that it would take 31.07 years to have a SY-825GI constructed and ready for service at normal production at a single shipyard to have a SY-825I ready for service. The SY-825I is larger than the R.F.E. UR-145I class. the SY-825I is 28.245.125 meters in length, 5,660.5085 meters in width and 472.505 meters in height/depth. the SY-825I would have a crew of 30,141 crew-members to maintain ships systems. the SY-825I is powered by 3 Anti-matter Reactors and 28 Massive fusion Reactors as Auxiliary to power its advance weapons, Advance defense system and Advance Proportion systems. the SY-825I has an Auxiliary bridge control, and a Galactic Map of the Galaxy, a Self-destruct system as a last resort and Escape pods to evacuate the ships crew. the SY-825I defenses were an R.F.E. Capital ship shield generator to generate powerful shields, 1.67 meters thick energy absorption armor Plating and 3,123 Anti-spacecraft laser turrets to shoot down enemy fighters or Bombers. the SY-825I armaments: 34 ship-to-ship cannons and 300 missile launch tubes to launch I.S. missiles among other missiles. The SY-825I would 3 Engine units installed it, 1st 102 Capital Sub-light Engines and 5,091 thrusters (to move the SY-825I Right, left, and down in space), 2nd 254 traditional supersonic Jet engines to move the craft inside a planets atmosphere and 3rd the latest warp dive. 2 Massive spacecraft hanger and a Medium spacecraft Hangers that can carry 339 T-Rex-306H fighter spacecraft interceptors and 51 scout ships. they give the Alex Daniels class destroyer or the SY-825I Prototype to begin mass production Mankind's 9th interstellar Warship to defend their Solar System or other Star systems that they have Colonized or have meet other Intelligence Alien species that have mastered Space faring technology and made peaceful contact and have become allies. In Early March of the same year they have designed the 9th generation Cruiser called the Jacob Abraham Class or the YP-912I, they said that it would take 34.74 years to have a YP-912G constructed and ready for service at normal production at a single shipyard to have a YP-912I ready for service. The YP-912I is larger than the R.F.E. SY-825I class. the YP-912I is 28,245.9375 meters in length, 5,660.5085 meters in width and 472.505 meters in height/depth. the YP-912G would have a crew of 38,139 crew-members to maintain ships systems. the YP-912I is powered by 3 Anti-matter Reactors and 28 Massive fusion Reactors as Auxiliary to power its advance weapons, advance defense systems and Advance Proportion systems. the YP-912I has an Auxiliary bridge control, and a Galactic Map of the Galaxy, a Self-destruct system as a last resort and Escape pods to evacuate the ships crew. the YP-912I defenses were an R.F.E. Capital ship shield generator to generate powerful shields, 1.877 meters thick energy absorption armor Plating and 4,156 Anti-spacecraft laser turrets to shoot down enemy fighters or Bombers. the YP-912G armaments: 51 ship-to-ship cannons and 400 missile launch tubes to launch I.S. missiles among other missiles. The YP-912I would 3 Engine units installed it, 1st 101 Capital Sub-light Engines and 5,068 Maneuvering thrusters (to move the YP-912I Right, left, and down in space), 2nd 253 traditional supersonic Jet engines to move the craft inside a planets atmosphere and 3rd the latest warp dive. 2 Massive spacecraft hanger and a medium spacecraft hangers that can carry 339 T-Rex-306H fighter spacecraft interceptors and 51 scout ships. they give the Jacob Abraham Class Cruiser or the YP-912I Prototype to begin mass production the YP-912I interstellar Warship to defend their Solar System or other Star systems that they have Colonized or have meet other Intelligence Alien species that have mastered Space faring technology and made peaceful contact and have become allies. In late may of the same year they have designed the 9th generation battleship called the Terra Nova class or the GR-245I, they said that it would take 68.67 years to have a Terra Nova class battleship or GR-245I constructed and ready for service at normal production at a single shipyard to have a GR-245I ready for service. The GR-245I is larger than the R.F.E. YP-912I class; the GR-245I is 51.602.52152 meters in length, 10,320.504 meters in width and 862.408 meters in height/depth. The GR-245I would have a crew of 51,927 crew-members to maintain ships systems. the GR-245I is powered by 28 Massive fusion Reactor to power its advance weapons, advance defense systems and Advance Proportion systems. the GR-245I has an Auxiliary bridge control, and a Galactic Map of the Galaxy, a Self-destruct system as a last resort and Escape pods to evacuate the ships crew. the GR-245I defenses were an R.F.E. shield generator to generate powerful shields, 3.047 meters thick energy absorption armor Plating and 6,802 Anti-spacecraft laser turrets to shoot down enemy fighters or Bombers. the GR-245I armaments: 68 ship-to-ship cannon and 200 missile launch tubes to launch I.S. missiles among other missiles. The GR-245I would 3 Engine units installed it, 1st 204 Capital Sub-light Engines and 10,202 Maneuvering thrusters (to move the GR-245I Right, left, and down in space), 2nd 120 traditional supersonic Jet engines for the ship to move the craft inside a planets atmosphere and 3rd the latest warp dive. 4 Massive and a small sized spacecraft hangers that can carry 595 T-Rex-306H fighter spacecraft interceptors and 85 scout ships. They give Terra Nova Class Battleship or the GR-245I Prototype to begin mass production GR-245I interstellar Warship to defend their Solar System or other Star systems that they have Colonized or have meet other Intelligence Alien species that have mastered Space faring technology and made peaceful contact and have become allies. In Mid February of 2174 they have designed the 9th generation spacecraft carrier called the Steven Hiller spacecraft carrier class or the QT-183I, they said that it would take 45.66 years to have a QT-183I constructed and ready for service at normal production at a single shipyard to have a QT-183I ready for service. The QT-183I is larger than the R.F.E. GR-245I class; the QT-183I is 27,652.943 meters in length, 5,530.588 meters in width and 862.488 meters in height/depth. the QT-183G would have a crew of 34,443 crew-members to maintain ships systems. the QT-183I is powered by an Anti-matter Reactor and 6 Massive fusion Reactors as Auxiliary to power its advance weapons systems, advance defense systems and Advance Proportion systems. the QT-183I has an Auxiliary bridge control, a Galactic Map of the Galaxy, a Self-destruct system as a last resort and Escape pods to evacuate the ships crew. the QT-183I defenses were an R.F.E. shield generator to generate powerful shields, 3.047 meters thick energy absorption armor Plating and 3,526 Anti-spacecraft laser turrets to shoot down enemy fighters or Bombers. the QT-183I armaments: 9 single ship-to-ship cannon and 225 missile launch tubes to launch I.S. missiles among other missiles. The QT-183I would 3 Engine units installed it, 1st 98 Capital Sub-light Engines and 5,703 maneuvering thrusters (to move the QT-183I Right, left, and down in space), 2nd 303 traditional supersonic Jet engines to move the ship inside a planets atmosphere, and 3rd the latest warp dive. the ship would have 41 Massive aircraft hanger that can carry 5,728 T-Rex-306H fighter spacecraft interceptors, 1,433 Velo-201H and 795 scout ships. they give the Steven Hiller spacecraft carrier Class or the QT-183I Prototype to begin mass production of the QT-183I interstellar Warship to defend their Solar System or other Star systems that they have Colonized or have meet other Intelligence Alien species that have mastered Space faring technology and made peaceful contact and have become allies. the R.F.E. Galactic Fleet is made up over 2,195 of the Latest 8th and 9th generation Interstellar ships: 335 X-212I's, 1,007 of the R-936I's, 159 of the TW-425H's, 146 of the UR-145H's, 174 of the SY-825H's, 196 of the YP-912H's, 94 of the GR-245H's, 84 of the QT-183H's and 420 JB-695D's along with over 123,075 T-Rex-306H fighter spacecraft interceptors and 58,500 Velo-201H bombers. the F.I.N. have across their Galactic Territory Planetary fighter forces made of over 112,500 T-Rex-306H fighter spacecraft interceptors and 37,500 Velo-201H Bombers to defend the R.F.E. Planets and Colonizes from any Human, Alien or any other Interstellar threat. the R.F.E. ground forces across their Galactic Territory over have 46.266 million troops, 462,667 advance tanks and 231,333 artillery Pieces along with the most advance Firearms their I.R.D.P. facilities can Produce to protect their interstellar Territory. Each Colonized Planet has 120 Planetary ship-to-ship laser cannons and 600 Planetary missile Silos and over 150,000 Advance Anti-spacecraft Laser turret defenses and 3,800 advance Mobile missile Launchers to launch advance missiles to protect the their Planet Civilization and city's from human or Interstellar Spacecraft that might try to attack any of their Planets. the F.I.N. has over 13 defensive fleets in their Interstellar Territory under the Command of Admiral Chief of F.I.N. operations, Admiral Daniel Alexander. each of the Defensive fleets are made up of over 23 to 24 of the X-212I's, 71 R-936I, 12 of the TW-425H's, 10 of the UR-145H's, 12 of the SY-825H's, 14 of the YP-912H's, 7 of the GR-245H's and 6 of the QT-183H's along with over 15,095 T-Rex-306H fighter spacecraft interceptors and 6,750 Velo-201H Bombers. ","Summary":" Please Note all characters and rights of the Independence day Franchise belong to Roland Emmerich a"},{"Movie":"2012","Title":"No love at first sight","Author":"illuminazione","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6752791","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Tamara and Sasha's story before 2012 - No love at first sight This is in many ways an experiment. First, because it's a love story written for the fandom of a doomsday movie. Second: I decided not to include dialogue. And then the form. Most paragraphs start with \"Tamara…\" and the next paragraph will have \"Sasha…\", telling the story from both their perspectives. So often the two paragraphs will be similar. Okay, enough talk. I enjoyed writing this, because we know nearly nothing about each of their lives, so it was fun to make a background story up. Warning: Will be cheesy and romantic. ;) Disclaimer: Would I write Fanfiction if I owned any of the movies/books/TV shows? No. Nothing is mine except the plot. Have fun! satori When Tamara first met Sasha she thought he was just another of Yuri's loyal employees without a mind of their own and never even daring to question one of his orders. When Sasha first met Tamara he thought she was just another of those arrogant and ignorant rich girlies, more concerned with their appearance than the end of the world. The first few months or so Yuri's boys were absolutely fascinated by the pilot. And he did everything he could to keep them content (which included flights in a little plane with stunts that really weren't allowed). They actually got Yuri to pay Sasha a raise. And they treated him much better than they treated Tamara. They were friendly and (even though demanding) respectful. Two things they had never been around Tamara. Tamara envied Sasha. And not only, because the twins liked him (of course, that was a part too), but because he could do what he wanted. Yes, he was employed by Yuri as their pilot, but he had more freedom -in many ways- than she had. And because she was frustrated and had forgotten how to appropriately deal with misdirected anger, she tried everything to make Sasha's work harder. In some ways she succeeded. Sasha found the kids easy to deal with. Of course they demanded a lot and were kind of annoying sometimes, he had no problem to impress them. They were usually happy passengers if he put one or the other stunt in his flights. Yuri's wife on the other hand. She was never satisfied. No matter what he did, somehow nothing would please her. It was almost like she hated him for some strange reason. The twins lost their interest though and Sasha became not more important than the guy who cooks their meals. Sasha was okay with that for the most part. After all this was just another job. One night he was walking down the corridor. Heading no where. (And he still got lost in this giant mansion - why someone would need so many rooms and hallways was beyond him.) When all of sudden a door burst open and Tamara came running out of it. The corridor was dark and Tamara looked down, so she ended up crashing into him. He immediately steadied her, took a step backwards and apologized. That was when he noticed her face. Her eyes were red from crying and her make-up was smeared. She looked miserable and desperate and all those things that she was, but never showed. For a moment she looked up at him with something resembling hope in her eyes. But then as soon as it arrived it was gone and she straightened her back and lifted up her chin, a proud expression on her face. And since she appeared to be waiting for something, he apologized again and stepped aside. She hurried past him with a huff. But when she thought he couldn't see her anymore she turned around again, her gaze still sad and longing. Everything changed from that night. It was like the earth spun the way round and Sasha and Tamara were the only one to notice. Tamara was embarrassed at first that one of their employees had seen her like that. But then she thought about the genuine concern in his bright blue eyes and found herself wanting to talk to him and be comforted by him. Sasha could not stop thinking about the grief he saw that day in that young women's beautiful face. He found himself wanting to help her and make her feel better. None of them acted on their feelings though. Tamara for her part was too proud and afraid of Yuri. Sasha was insecure and very aware of the fact that she was his employer's wife. So they continued living like before, with the exception of a few stolen glances and Tamara being a lot less nasty and Sasha striving to fulfill all her requests as perfectly as possible. Until one night they ran into each other again. The occasion was pretty similar to the last time. Sasha wandering around in the dark corridors (still lost) and Tamara storming out of a room unsettled and obviously crying. Only this time it was different. Sasha didn't step back. Instead he wrapped his arms around her and just held her. Tamara didn't bother to get her dignity back. Instead she let herself break down in her employee's arms in the middle of a hallway. Sasha took her back to his room. Just because he didn't know where she was usually sleeping and he didn't want to interrupt and ask her something so insignificant. He was half carrying her and half letting her walk alone. She never stopped crying. She seemed unconcerned with what was happening around her. Sasha laid her carefully down on his bed. Her heart wrecking sobs had ceased to a soft whimpering, which suggested that she was slowly falling asleep. Normally he would have been deeply concerned about that whole topic of having a married woman sleeping in his bed, but right then everything he cared about was making Tamara as comfortable and content as possible. When she finally was breathing steadily, he left her side and settled in an armchair across the room. He just hoped that her reaction in the morning wouldn't be too bad. Tamara felt like in a daze. All the emotions she had kept hidden for so long came bursting out and strangely it felt good. It felt good to finally have someone know how she really felt, to have someone hold her like he never would let go. She had almost forgotten how it felt to be cared for. She was barely aware of the change in surroundings and honestly she didn't give a damn. She felt secure in his arms and as her back touched the soft mattress she felt herself slowly finding her way into sleep. He never stopped holding her. When Tamara woke up in the morning, she felt better than she had in a long time. As if some weight had been lifted up her shoulders. She took in the unfamiliar room and her gaze settled on the blond haired figure hunched in an armchair. Her memories flooded back and she couldn't stop herself from smiling. A real genuine smile. She realized that she hadn't been this happy for so long and she felt like she never wanted to leave this room. Or the person that lived in here and was unconsciously giving her so much. Sighing she stood up. Carefully not to disturb the sleeping pilot she made her way over to him. Because he was much taller than her she didn't need to bend down far to reach him even in his sitting position. She gazed at his features and cautiously placed a kiss upon his lips. When Sasha woke up, he was not surprised to find Tamara gone. Actually he was somewhat glad to not have to explain the situation to her. That would have been exceedingly awkward and could have easily lead to him getting fired. He realized that he was still in the cloths from the day before and changed into fresh ones. As far as he knew the twins were on a class trip and Yuri had left for an important meeting this morning (with his car of course, otherwise Sasha would be in deep trouble). With nothing to do he took out a book and began reading. What surprised him, however, was that after a few pages Tamara came back. Tamara hesitated before she opened the door. She honestly didn't know what exactly she was doing here. All she knew was that she had never felt so secure as she had last night. And something that felt so right and good couldn't be wrong, could it? So she took a deep breath and went inside. She noted that he had changed his cloths and was now calmly reading a book in the same chair he slept in. Huh, she didn't know that he read. Then again, she didn't really know anything about him. Suddenly embarrassed she shifted her weight from one foot to the other, not sure how to start. Was it appropriate to say that he made her feel whole for the first time in who knows how long? Probably not. She did it anyway. Sasha couldn't believe what he was hearing. Was his boss' wife practically confessing her love for him? For a few moments he wondered if he was still sleeping and this was a dream. He looked at her. Beautiful, vulnerable Tamara. He knew what he should have done. He should have politely told her to leave, breaking her heart and never looking her into the eyes again. That's not what he did, though. It was simply impossible to do so. Was it appropriate to close the distance between them and kiss her? Definitely not. He did it anyway. Tamara soon realized that love exists. She had always thought that her life was over, that she would have no shot at happiness. But now, she had found her paradise in his arms. There was nothing she liked better than being close to him. They had to be careful of course, because Yuri was still there, but they always made time for each other. Every day she was grateful for the unconditional love she received and even though her problems didn't vanish they seemed a lot less horrible with him around. Sasha never expected to fall in love. Not like that anyway. Not the 'I would die for you'-kind of love. But now there was no denying. He would do anything for her, she was the best thing that ever happened to him. She made him happy just by smiling at him. Of course, they would have to keep it secret for both of them. But it didn't matter. Nothing mattered besides her love. For them life was good. Until the world started to end. Da..da..dam[Chapter 2] Add-on: Dying moments - Sasha This is just a short add-on. It's (how the title suggests) Sasha's dying moment. So it's kinda sad. Well… Here you go. Sasha died when the plane crashed to the bottom of the abyss. They were out of kerosene and the plane would plummet from the sky sooner rather than later. Additionally there was no way he could make a clean landing with the machinery being in the condition it was. Luckily the earth had shifted so they had at least something solid to land on. He did the best he could. It wasn't a bad crash and they would make it outside. He heard a car start and then someone calling his name. Tamara. oooo When he had realized that the apocalypse was inevitable everything became meaningless. What was the point of it all when they would die anyway? He resigned. Until he learned that there was a way to save her. Apparently Yuri had bought tickets for his family for the archs. He had no idea what that was, but it sounded like survival. Of course, he himself would still end up dead, but if there was a way to rescue his love he would spent the rest of his life, no matter how short that would be, to do so. And if he had to fly a gigantic plane trough the worst weather to China, he would. This was the end of the world, but he had tried everything to spare her. He just hoped he succeeded. oooo The plane was hanging over the edge. An odd moment of relaxation steched before the eventual collision. Now that he was so close to death he was afraid. And sad for all the things he would never experience. It is strange how you always think that you have all the time in the world and then just like that you don't have any time at all. Sasha had always wanted a family, he had wanted a nice small house in a quiet city. Peace. But it was over now. With a sudden jolt the plane continued to fall. It was a quick death, he didn't feel the pain. He didn't feel his body breaking and burning. He was dead before the plane even hit the ground. His last thought was about her. Of course. He didn't want to die, but at least he could die in the knowledge that she would be alright. Maybe you've guessed it. I'm gonna make a Tamara Dying Moment, too. It could take a while though, cause I have to rewatch the movie. I have no idea about the details of Tamara's death.[Chapter 3] Dying moments 2 Tamara So here comes finally Tamara's dying moment. Wow, this is really depressing to write (I hope not too depressing to read). I guess I'll just write something funny next… Tamara died when they were trying to sneak onto one of the arks and it was flooded. They were just trying to survive. After the plane crash this bastard Yuri and the Chinese soldiers had left them to die. She guessed that they got lucky when this old couple decided to take mercy on them. Then they got unlucky again. Water was rushing into the ship's body. And she was trapped. She saw the family getting into safety before her. Somehow that was an encouraging sight. With effort she pushed her dog through the space and let herself fall back into the water. The only sounds she could hear was the gurgling water. Ooo She hadn't known that the world was going to end. Unlike Yuri. She had been as surprised as the boxer when they suddenly left the match. She had no idea. On the way to get the kids Yuri shortly explained to her that a great part of humanity was going to die. What should one do when receiving such a message? But apparently she would be okay, because Yuri was rich enough to buy tickets for the arks, the only way to survive the apocalypse. She was glad of course. But then it slowly dawned on her that Sasha would still die. No matter what happened. No matter if they made it to the ships in time. Her love would die. And there was nothing she could do about it. Ooo She gasped for air. She wasn't dead yet. But she was pretty sure that it was just a matter of time. She couldn't swim any longer and water was flowing in from everywhere. Panic and useless adrenalin rushed through her body. The fear was short lived however. In a way she had already died with Sasha. What had kept her going was pure instinct, a hereditary desire to live, even though there was nothing to live for. Somehow she was immensely relieved that she wouldn't have to face a broken world. A broken world without the one person to fulfill her. Her tired muscles gave up on her. The end was just seconds away. The death was a struggle. She felt the terrible need for oxygen, but she couldn't breath. Water was filling her lungs and still her body continued fighting. It was a while until it stopped functioning. Her last thought was about air actually. But her last coherent thought was about him. She was sad for the life they hadn't been allowed to lead, but happy to at least be united with him in death. Oh, it got a little cheesy in the end. Apparently I can't keep the romance away. : ) ","Summary":" Tamara and Sasha's story before 2012 - No love at first sight This is in many ways an experiment. F"},{"Movie":"2012","Title":"Nothing much to lose","Author":"LittleMissSuicide","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6430857","Passage":"[Chapter 1] NOTHING MUCH TO LOSE NOTE: Everything in the story (except names of some major locations) was made up. The places and circumstances were edited. Movie 2012 doesn't belong to me. Chapter 1: Upcoming disaster 2011 Robert Lowe was holding the paper in his hand that was shaking. What he just found out was horrible news that just wiped out his sense of living. It was true. Yellowstone is going to explode and trigger a chain of other smaller volcanoes all over the continent. It meant a disaster. But not just volcanoes. The mega tsunami that could wipe off the surface of the earth. He looked at his co worker John Collins and Peter Barry. \"This is impossible.\" He said. \"We just found out its possible.\" John said. \"What are we going to do?\" \"We need to tell to the government.\" Peter said. Later at the White house. Robert, Peter and John were walking in a company of security to president's office. \"Sir,\" John started. \"What you're about to hear is… is… horrible. All these things these disasters in the last few years are just the beginning of something a lot bigger.\" \"Believe it or not, the world we know is about to change. Drastically. Many people will die.\" Robert continued. President Myers sighed and rubbed his eyes. \"I don't want to hear anymore of these.\" \"But sir! This is important. Look at these.\" Peter said. \"Look! These is how dramatically the Earth changed in the last few months. This is serious. Really serious.\" Myers took the papers and looked at it. It took some time. \"So it's true,\" he said. \"We need to do something. And fast.\" John said. Myers didn't say anything. \"Sir,\" John said. \"How are we going to prepare 6 billion people for the end of the world?\" President Myers looked at John. \"We won't.\" Date: 18.12.2012 It wasn't easy if you were only known as the outcast, not only in your class, but the whole school. Tawny Malkovich was a student in Jefferson's secondary school in Toronto. She lived in Port Perry downtown. As we already know she was a bit socially awkward. She had only few friends she could actually call friends and even those were boys. Four months passed since first September, the worst day in her life. Worst day till now. There were some of her old school mates and they were bugging her since first grade. They were Nancy, Chloe and Catherine. They were acting like they were the leaders of the school. They were one year older than her and since she could remember, Tawny was the biggest outcast on the world, and so they convinced 80% people on school. Those 20% were 2% of geeks and 17% of punks, bullies and hackers. She knew her first year here will be crazy. \"Hey, hey, hey!\" someone said to her. It was her friend Luke. \"Hey there…\" \"Did you bring me back my Call of duty ?\" \"No, not yet. I'll bring it tomorrow.\" Luke was a very athletic guy, always in moving and he always had his headphones on. They knew each other since 4th grade. There were two more guys she was hanging out; Kenny and Jimmy. \"Have you seen what happened in Japan? It was the worst earthquake in the history. That's… bogus!\" Kenny said passing her the newspaper. \"There's nothing 'bogus' about it. Millions of people died. Ehh…\" she sighed and looked at the newspaper. \"What's happening with this world?\" \"Nothing great. There've been too many natural disasters in the last few years. I'm getting kinda worried.\" Jimmy said. \"Ok, let's focus on the new game coming out next week. Can you guess which?\" Luke asked thrilled. \"Assassins creed…?\" Tawny asked. \"Not just Assassins creed! Assassins creed 4!\" \"Do you only care about video games?\" \"Oh come on Tawny! You should be happy about it too!\" She rolled her eyes. \"It's going to be an Xbox edition.\" \"Whatever. Let's go to the class Kenny. Se you two guys later.\" When she turned around she collided with someone. \"Oh- oww!\" she yelled. Her nose was bleeding. \"Oh shit I'm so sorry!\" he said. She looked at him to see if she should punch him back. He had red short pointy hair, taller figure and a kinda pretty face for a 'day walker' from second B class. \"No, no, no it's fine. It just hurts… it's not your fault.\" \"I shouldn't turn around so rapidly. I'm really sorry. Do you need a napkin or something?\" \"That's ok I'm fine. I was heading to the bathrooms anyway.\" \"Do you want me to go with you? Are you sure you're ok?\" \"Yes, I'm fine.\" Her shirt had red marks of blood on it and the notebook she had in her hand was on the floor. As she was expecting, Nancy, Chloe, Catherine and few other girls were laughing their asses off but others just couldn't get what was so funny about it. So she was late for the French lesson. Teacher was angry on her without any technical reason no matter Kenny explained what happened and Tawnys apology. Well, who understands teachers? … \"So where will you guys be during the holidays?\" Tawny asked Luke, Kenny and Jimmy. Her nose still hurt and it was blue and red like she was in a big fight. The school nurse wasn't on the school so she was heading to the doctor now. \"We're probably going to our house on the country side near that ski run we go every year. Do you guys wanna come with us?\" Jimmy asked. \"Sure.\" Kenny said. \"My parents will probably let me to come.\" Luke said. \"What about you?\" \"So it isn't boys only this time?\" She asked. They looked at each other and shook their heads. \"I… I need to talk to my dad. He'll probably let me go but he'll have to speak with your folks.\" \"Oh come on Tawny! Since your mother left you never go anywhere with us.\" Kenny said. \"I'm just… it's not up to me you know…\" she stopped a bit and looked towards the entrance of the school. \"Stupid day walker…\" she said when she saw that ginger who hit her earlier in the morning. \"Listen, I'm about to get going. My bus departs in few minutes. Se ya…\" \"Bye…\" Kenny, Jimmy and Luke said in one voice. Tawny looked at the school parking line and saw the ginger; she'll call just Ginger, walking towards the bus stop. How come she never saw him on the station? Oh, of course… he's got a car. Fancy. A long drive home, about an hour and then few minutes of walking to Highland beach. As usually, she was first at home. Her dog, fawn boxer, waited for her on the garden and happily ran towards her. \"Hey Kayla!\" Something was wrong. She looked nervous. \"What's wrong girl?\" Tawny went to the fridge and took out a bag of ice and put it on her nose. \"Ahh… what a day…\" she sighed. The doors opened. Her father came. He was working in Port Perry marina at one of the Environmental protection agency unit. \"Hey dad.\" \"Hi Tawny.\" He said. His voice was worried. \"What's wrong?\" she asked. \"Nothing? Why would anything be wrong?\" \"I know you; I can hear there's something wrong.\" \"Why do you have such a funny voice? Did you cot a cold?\" \"I had an accident in school.\" \"Holly- What happened to you? Did… ugh Tawny how many times do I need to tell you to not fight with boys-\" \"Dad, I wasn't fighting. I accidentally collided with a guy. Nothing special. I was about to go to the doctor but I changed my mind.\" \"Is it broken?\" \"Don't think so.\" \"Maybe you should go.\" \"Dad I'm fine, really.\" She paused. \"Can I go with Jimmy's to their lodge next week?\" \"I thought we're going to spend the New Year together.\" \"It's just for few days. And Jimmy's parents are going to be there. Come on dad. Please.\" \"I'll think about it.\" In his dictionary 'I'll think about it' was a polite expression for 'No'. \"So… what's all the worry?\" \"There's something wrong with Lake Scugog. It… it almost vanished this morning.\" \"Really? Oh crap.\" \"Yeah… I'm worried about it. It's not normal.\" \"Well… maybe it's just normal for this time of year.\" \"Come.\" \"Where?\" \"You should see this.\" Tawny followed him out. Their house was looking at the lake. But the only thing was; there was almost no lake! \"What the-? I didn't think this is so serious!\" \"It is serious all right.\" \"Did you report it to Environmental Protection Agency HQ?\" \"Yes, but they don't know what's wrong. They said things changed a lot in last few years. I think it did.\" \"Yeah…\" Tawny later called Kenny. \"Wassup Taw?\" He said a little bit uninterested. \"There's something serious going out here. The whole lake vanished!\" \"Shit. Well, Wilcox Lake is kinda half gone too. EPA is working on the fish rescuing or something.\" \"Oh crap…\" \"And guess what? Luke and Jimmy called earlier and told me their houses are flooded.\" Tawny was speechless. \"Dad!\" she hung down the phone. \"What is it?\" he asked. \"It' same at Wilcox and Lake Ontario flooded Wads island and Ajax.\" \"I know I just got the call. Listen, I gotta go. We need to check out what's going on and take some samples of water or something, never mind you wouldn't understand. I'll be back.\" \"But dad, wait! When are you going-\" He closed the doors and left. \"-to come back…\" It was very sad when he left like this. It happened often. Tawny sat down and turned on the TV. News again… she was about to switch the program but then she saw there was something about floods. \" Reporting from all over the world; floods, tornados, earthquakes and volcano eruptions. Floods all over the Europe are mostly at the rivers but now also at the seas. While Mediterranean Sea sea level is rising, Baltic is lowering. Meanwhile in USA and Canada are some unusual reports about floods and volcanic activity around Yellowstone national park. Stay tuned for more informations.\" The reporter said. \"What the hell is going on?\" Tawny asked herself. She took the phone and called Kenny back. \"Kenny, turn on the news.\" \"What? Why?\" he asked surprised. \"Just do it.\" Kenny ran downstairs and turned on the TV. The images he saw were shocking. \"Oh shit. So this is happening all over the world?\" \"Yes.\" \"Why?\" \"I don't know. My dad just left to search out this thing. It's bad.\" \"Let's just forget about it ok. Until we see what's actually going on. Don't panic.\" \"Ok, you're right. Maybe everybody is a bit over reacting, including me.\" Date 18.12.2012 Damn math class. There were only 15 minutes until the end of the class but the bell just wouldn't ring. After math they had 30 minutes break for snack. Tawny looked at the watch and back to the notebook. She started writing the numbers but then a rapid shake broke her pencil. Everyone gasped. Ground shook again. It was an earthquake. \"Leave the building!\" Teacher yelled. Everyone ran trough the door to the hallway towards the stairs. This was the worst earthquake. Probably. The ground was shaking and it just wouldn't stop. Tawny was looking at the messy crown running up and down to find Luke, Jimmy and Kenny. There was no time, she had to run out. She headed towards the stairs and ran down. Then the roof cracked and collapsed. The bits of it fell right on Tawny's leg. She yelled from pain. The exit was close. She crawled out where it was still chaos. People running all around the place, some buildings were collapsing. \"Help!\" she yelled. She felt a hand on her shoulder that scared her. She looked up. It was that ginger from few days before that broke her nose. \"Let me help you.\" he said. He helped her towards the car and sat in. \"What are you doing?\" she asked. \"I'm 16 it's legal to drive with that age. What does it look like I'm doing?\" \"I need to find my friends.\" \"There's no time. We need to go.\" \"Where are we going?\" \"Somewhere away from the city and buildings.\" \"I need to go home to see if my dad is ok.\" \"Where do you live?\" \"At Port Perry.\" \"I live there too. But it's too far.\" \"Please, what ever your name is. I need to see if he's ok.\" \"Fine. But after that I don't know what to do.\" They drove while on the streets ruled chaos. The buildings were collapsing and the road cracked on half. … \"Quickly! We haven't got much time.\" He said and helped her towards the house. \"Kayla!\" Tawny yelled. Kayla ran towards her. Tawny then looked towards the house from where the dog came. Ruined. \"Dad! No!\" \"Come on! Let's move. Maybe he wasn't inside.\" \"Where! We have nowhere to go! This is global! Don't you watch the news?\" For a moment the ground stopped shaking. Sacred silence. But then Kayla started barking. It was a sign something wasn't right. Tawny looked towards the North-West. It was something like and explosion. \"Oh shit…\" she said. \"A volcano?\" \"Do we have a volcano?\" \"Quickly, let's go to the car! We need to go away from here.\" They sat into the car and ginger tried to start the car. \"It's not working!\" \"What do you mean it's not working?\" \"I have no gas. Come on, come on. Start already!\" \"Hurry up ginger! I think we're going to be fried if we don't move.\" \"My name is Clyde.\" \"Nice to meet you Clyde. What the fuck do we do now?\" \"Let's go out.\" There was a car coming towards their direction. It had an American registration. Weird.\"Hey!\" Clyde started yelling towards a car. Unbelievably, it stopped. \"Get in!\" It was a maybe 30 year old man who looked like a nerd. Clyde, Tawny and Kayla jumped into the car and the mad driven of. \"Sir! Do you have any idea what's going on?\" Tawny asked. \"You won't believe me anyway.\" He said. Clyde and Tawny looked at each other.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2: It's apocalypse. Now. Town didn't have the same look as it was before. It completely changed into a ghost town. \"Luke! Jimmy! Where are you?\" Kenny crawled out of the ruins from the school. He looked around. \"Wow, I never thought I'll live till the collapse of this school.\" \"Kenny?\" \"Luke! I'm here!\" Kenny helped Luke out of the ruins. \"Where's Jimmy?\" \"I'm here guys.\" He said and came towards them. \"Oh gosh I'm so happy to see you alive! But… where's Tawny?\" \"I don't know. Some of the students ran away with cars. Maybe she was one of them.\" Few other people crawled out of the ruins. But the scene was horrible. Almost whole town ruined and some dead bodies around. Suddenly, they felt a shake. \"Oh man, it's not over yet?\" Luke asked. They saw like an explosion and then smoke. A lot of smoke. \"What is that?\" Luke said looking towards the direction of the explosion. \"Could it be… it's a volcano?\" Jimmy said. \"Don't be silly! It can't be.\" \"Hey,\" Kenny called them. \"There are paramedics coming. Let's go over there.\" … \"My name is Robert Lowe. I work at the Geological institution of New York.\" Robert said. \"Do you know what's happening?\" Clyde asked. \"I will sound crazy. Really crazy. You'll laugh. I think it's the end of the world.\" \"It kinda looks like it.\" \"I'm serious. This might have something to do with 21.12.2012. The date is close. It's the end of the world. This is just the beginning.\" \"Where can we possibly go?\" \"I heard they're building ships. Or some sanctuaries, don't really know. For the great flood. But I don't know where. But we'll get there. I know we will.\" \"Clyde, I need to find my friends and my father.\" Tawny said. \"Back to school? Are you nuts? They're probably dead or on their way away. And about your dad-\" \"Don't worry kid you'll find them.\" Robert said a bit too optimistically. \"Where do we go now?\" The car almost drove off the road when something almost hit them. \"What the hell was that?\" Tawny yelled holding the front seat. She looked trough the back window and saw giant melting rocks flying trough the air. \"Is this what I think it is?\" \"Yes.\" Robert said and drove off the road. \"What are you doing?\" Clyde asked fastening his seatbelt. \"Shortcut.\" \"We're going in the wrong direction.\" \"We need to get over the Scugog Street and towards Lake Ontario.\" \"Dude, Simcoe streat is was closer.\" Tawny said. \"It's ruined, believe me.\" \"Watch out!\" Clyde yelled. One of the flying rocks fell on the road and the whole natural bridge between Port Perry and Scugog Island was ruined. \"Great. What now?\" Tawny asked. \"We need to reach Lake Ontario in any way we can. And fast.\" Roberd said and drove backwards. \"Why?\" Clyde asked. \"It's flooding.\" Tawny added. \"We can leave the main land. The surface it's going to change. And fast.\" \"What do you mean?\" \"You already think I'm crazy right? Everyone thought this is crazy. It is but is true. The world as we know it is about to end, I said that about 10 times. I'm collecting everything on the changes of the environment and things have changed rapidly. If you learned at geography, Yellowstone is rising every year for 7 cm, and that's a lot.\" \"Yeah we know. It's a super volcano. But… it shouldn't be erupting for another 1000 years or something.\" Tawny said. \"Yes, but they were wrong. It's going to erupt soon. It will cause a mega tsunami. The… ugh… the surface will change. Do you know how strong tectonic forces are?\" Clyde and Tawny looked worried at each other. \"Tawny,\" he then said. \"Look.\" They were already getting close to the centre of Toronto. It was in water, most of the building were ruined, dust covering everything. There were some survivors heading to the main square. Tawny opened the window. \"Luke! Kenny! Jim! Where are you? Kenny?\" she called but no answer. She tried again. Nothing. Robert parked the car and they went to the main square. There were a lot of people. Paramedics were mixed in the crowd. Then someone said trough the loudspeakers: \"I want you to stay calm! Find your close ones and leave the town. I repeat leave the town; this is an evacuation.\" The crown gasped. Again, it all became very messy. \"Where can we go? Where?\" Tawny asked herself. \"Hey! Wait!\" she yelled, went towards the paramedic and took his microphone he was speaking trough. \"This is global! You have nowhere to go! Ask him!\" she said and pointed on Robert. \"Ask any other scientist or geologist. This is global!\" \"What are you doing kid? Are you crazy?\" Paramedic yelled on her. \"Get lost!\" he said and pushed her away. \"Wait! She's right! You have nowhere to go!\" Robert tried to convince them too. \"Please listen to me! They're building a sanctuary.\" No one was listening to him. The crowd was moving away from the main square. \"What now?\" Clyde asked. \"We're going to New York.\" Robert said. \"New York? It's over the border.\" \"I know, thanks for informing me. We need to reach my office and my friend John. Get in the car; I need to tell you something.\" Clyde helped Tawny but she refused his help and walked to the car by herself. \"So, I'm following these things for a while now and John is helping me. We found out something big will happen years ago but the government wouldn't listen to us. They made a plan to save some population, around 400.000.\" \"What? 400.000? And what about other… 5999600000 people?\" Clyde asked. \"They're left for death. How did you… calculate this so fast?\" \"Err… calculator.\" \"Oh… anyways, we're left for death. I mean, you are.\" Clyde and Tawny looked at each other again. \"We?\" Tawny asked. \"I have the pass. But I don't think that's fair. I'm getting you and other… how much again?\" \"5999600000 people.\" Clyde said \"…5999600000 people that aren't chosen. I will. I will.\" \"How?\" Tawny asked. \"I don't know. Yet. But I will, soon.\" \"I need a phone.\" Tawny said after a short break. \"I need to call my dad. Maybe he'll answer.\" \"We can try, but I don't know if the power lines are working.\" Rob said. \"I have a mobile phone.\" Clyde said. \"Here.\" Tawny took the phone and typed the number of her dad. Number is not available at the moment, please try again later. She tried few times again but nothing happened. \"Shit…\" she said. She remembered on another person she should call. She took out her notebook and searched for the number that maybe even wasn't working anymore. She typed. After few beeps a women answered. \"Hello?\" \"Mom? Mom! It's me! Tawny.\" \"Tawny! Sweaty, I… I heard what happened. Are you ok?\" \"Yes, I'm fine. Listen, something bad is going to happen. You need to get out of Sydney, it's dangerous.\" \"What are you talking about?\" \"It's going to be the end of the world!\" \"Tawny look, you're not a little girl anymore and your big imagination won't convince me to anything. When I left you and dad I left for good but I see nothing changed.\" \"Mom!\" she almost cried. \"it' time you start believing-\" Her own mother hung up on her. Clydes phone slipped from her hand on the floor. \"Hey, it's not a Samsung, it's a freaking iPhone be careful with it!\" he said. He looked at her sad face. \"Oh… I'm sorry. You don't get along with her, right?\" \"I haven't seen her for five years.\" \"I would like to say that I know how you feel but I don't. And I feel really sorry for you.\" \"Don't worry about me. I'm used to it. So… where are your folks?\" \"In New York.\" \"Really? So there's a chance we could find them.\" \"Did you try calling them?\" Rob asked. \"I'll do it now. The battery is low.\" Clyde typed the number and called. There was silence. \"Dad!\" he said. \"Yeah I'm fine… yes…. I'm coming to New York, we'll be there in two hours… where?... Ok… Yes, yes I'm fine… yes… I told you I'm fine… there's a girl from my school and a scientist that picked us up, you won't believe what he found out… you know?... Ok, I'll call you. Say hi to mom. Bye. Great,\" he said with a smile. \"They're in New York.\" \"What are they doing there?\" Rob asked. \"They're lawyers working on some case right now. Why do you ask?\" \"Just asking if I maybe know them.\" \"No they're there only temporarily.\" Kayla started barking. \"What's wrong girl?\" Tawny asked and looked at her. Then they saw in the distance the road was cracked apart. The crack was wide, maybe few meters and long maybe a kilometer. \"Great,\" Clyde sighed. \"How are we supposed to reach New York now?\" \" Start spreading the news, I'm leaving today, I want o be a part of it New York, New York … oh, sorry about that, he he.\" Tawny said. \"Really inappropriate.\" Rob said. \"I said I was sorry!\" \"Where are we?\" Clyde asked. \"Bloomsburg. I think so.\" Rob said. \"That's around…\" Clyde took the map. \"200 kilometers? If we would go over the main road which is… fucked up.\" \"We'll go by side roads.\" \"It will take us more time.\" \"Does it matter?\" … \"Tawny, Tawny wake up!\" \"Whoa!\" \"You fell asleep.\" It was Clyde. \"Are we already here?\" \"Yeah, come on.\" \"Is this… New York? Nice…\" \"Yes, a bit ruined.\" \"I never thought I'll ever come to New York. Not in this condition.\" \"It barely has a scratch. Besides this is the some kind of suburb. Hello? Dad? Dad? Mom is that you? Hello?\" Clyde was already on the phone. \"I can't reach them. What the hell?\" \"Calm down, we'll find them.\" Rob said. \"Find them in this huge ruined city? I don't think so!\" \"We'll first find John. Maybe he'll know how to start looking for them.\" \"No! I need to find them.\" \"Clyde,\" Tawny said. \"I dealt with my loss, now you do with yours.\" She pulled him to start walking towards a ruined building. \"Rob, are you sure he's alive? This building is ruined.\" \"Don't worry. No one said he'll be in the building.\" Robert said. \"Where is he?\" \"Under the building.\" Rob started picking up the pieces of the building. \"Here.\" He said and walked down the stairs that appeared under the ruins. Clyde and Tawny followed him down. There were doors. Rob typed the code and the doors unlocked. At the end of the corridor there was another door, unlocked. They entered and inside was like a lab just that it was underground. \"Rob! You're here. You gotta- hello? Who are those?\" John appeared. \"I found them down at Port Perry's. They needed help.\" \"Rob, we said no-\" \"Yes I know, I know. But they're kids; they don't care about what we were doing. And about this.\" \"Doing what?\" Tawny asked. \"Great, here we go…\" John said. \"We knew what was about to happen. We broke in the government computer.\" \"Oh… you were right. We really don't care.\" \"See Johnny boy?\" Kayla walked by John smelling the room. \"Oh… oh, oh no not the dog! Who brought the dog? Get it out from here.\" \"She's harmless.\" Tawny said. \"Yeah whatever… All righty then. Rob, take a look at this. I found out something.\" John said and invited Robert to the computer. \"It's not a sanctuary. Those are ships. Project ARC. Somewhere in Himalaya. That bastard Peter is already heading there. Before us. He got the pass. Little bitch…\" \"Holly shit… can you get us in?\" \"Maybe…\" John said and started typing. \"What's going on?\" Clyde whispered to Tawny. \"I don't know. Maybe we should get closer.\" \"No, no, no we're in enough troubles already.\" \"No we're not. Come on!\" \"No, we'll ask later. First, I need to find my parents.\" Clyde said. \"Hey, excuse me Robert. I need to find my folks. Can you help me?\" John and Rob looked at him. \"Not now kid.\" John said looking back into the computer. \"Is this some kind of a joke? I need to find them! Guys? Please?\" \"You're just a spoiled little brat kid!\" \"Hey, John. We'll find them Clyde. But right now I have great news, both of you. We found the sanctuary. They're ships. We can get on.\" Rob said. \"Rob, their capability is only for 400.000 people, remember?\" \"we saw the blueprints, they could fit 10 people in to room that's only for one! Everyone could go on those ships.\" \"No, just the chosen ones. The ones with the best DNA or something. And lots of money. I can assure you that's not us.\" \"But you can still get us on that ship. You're the best hacker on the continent!\" \"Wait,\" Tawny said. \" Zer0 , that's you? Oh… oh my gosh it is you! I read about you! You're the best!\" \"You see? You have fans.\" \"That's great but… I don't know if one of the best hackers is enough good to do this. I'll try my best. And besides, we don't know how much more the generator will work.\" \"We can't stay here forever, right?\" Clyde asked. \"Unfortunately, no.\" Rob said. \"But this is like an underground sanctuary, we could stay here.\" Tawny said. \"You don't get it.\" John said and looked at her. \"Manhattan will be underwater soon. The whole surface will be different. We can't stay here.\" \"And we need to find my parents.\" Clyde said. \"Where were they?\" Rob asked. \"On the court I thi-\" \"Ruined. Everyone died. Trust me. Sorry kid.\" John said. \"No, you're lying!\" \"No Clyde, he's telling the truth. I'm sorry.\" Rob said with a compassionate voice. Clyde slumped on the chair and rubbed his eyes. \"I'm… I'm sorry Clyde.\" Tawny said. \"I know how you feel.\" \"It's ok… I'll… I'll deal with it, as you said. But I don't know how… I don't know how you did it.\" \"I got used to it.\" Clyde smiled just for a moment but the smile went away. \"We need to leave.\" John said started packing his laptop, memory cards and some papers. \"But how are we gonna travel? The roads are all ruined.\" Tawny said. \"Who said we're traveling by road?\" \"Are… well… how-\" \"Air, kid. Haven't you heard of airline travel?\" \"Why are you such a pain in the ass?\" Then suddenly, the ground shook. And again. \"Get out!\" Rob yelled. They ran up the stairs that were already cracking. \"Now this is ruined New York.\" Clyde said to Tawny. \"Get in the car!\" John yelled. \"Wait!\" said Tawny. \"Kayla!\" \"Who?\" \"The dog. Kayla! Where are you?\" \"There she is!\" Clyde said. She started running while on of the buildings started collapsing behind her. She jumped on the back seat with Clyde and Tawny. John started the engine and drove of. The road behind them started cracking. Then, it lifted up and seemed like a wave going towards them. \"Oh shit!\" John said and speeded up. \"We need to get to the sport airport.\" \"What? That's like 20 minutes from here.\" Rob said. \"What other choice do we have?\" \"You mean you're going to fly?\" \"Fly?\" Clyde and Tawny asked at once. \"What, do you prefer walking?\" John asked. \"Watch out the road!\" Tawny yelled. John turned the car away from the building that fall in front of them. All the buildings were collapsing. \"Oh shit…\" Tawny said. \"It's like in that video of Red Hot Chilly Peppers Californiacation. \" The road that was behind them crashed off and lifted up. It was like someone was shaking the surface of the jelly. John was driving like crazy trying to avoid the collapsing buildings. \"How much longer?\" Clyde asked. \"I don't know! The roads are cracking if you haven't noticed. Ph! Canadians…\" John said. \"We heard that…\" Tawny said. John turned the car and they saw the small airport. They ran out the car towards the hanger that was also shaking and the roof was about to collapse. \"Get in kids!\" John yelled preparing the plane. \"Whoa, whoa, whoa! Are you crazy?\" Tawny asked. \"This is Junkers W34 from 2nd world war there's no way I'm going in there!\" \"How do you know all that?\" Clyde asked surprised. \"It's not dangerous! The plane is safe. Besides, it's upgraded.\" John said. \"Upgraded? You mean you putted a better engine inside? Are you crazy? Where did you get this, from a museum or something?\" \"Look, I got it under control. This thing flies perfectly normal and it can land on water now get in!\" Tawny had no other choice but to get in and hope the best. John started he engine. The plane slowly started speeding up. \"We're not gonna make it!\" Clyde said panicked. \"We will kid.\" John said. the road behind him was vanishing. The plane then slowly lifted from the ground in the last second before the whole trail , Clyde grabbed Tawny's hand. She looked at him and he let her go. \"Sorry, I'm just… not used to fly.\" \"Never mind. I could tell the same.\" She said and hold his hand back. It felt safer no matter fact she knew it won't help it the plane starts to crash landing. With the corner of the eye she saw what happened trough the window. \"Clyde,\" she said. \"Look.\" \"Holy crap…\" Clyde said. The whole Manhattan was vanishing under the sea. Magma was in the cracks. \"Oh shit… there's where Statue of Liberty used to be.\" Rob said sad like his relative just passed away. Even if Tawny was ever in New York, the scene was sad.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3: Another upcoming disaster Kenny, Jimmy and Luke were heading on the totally opposite way than Tawny went. They were with Jimmy's parents Vivian and Mike, Luke's parents Laura and Warren and Kenny's mom Annette on the airport. His father Oliver was supposed to already be heading towards the ARCs about which they didn't know. They were hoping they'll be evacuated from the city. It was chaos all around them. Kenny, Luke and Jimmy were still hoping to find Tawny. \"We should ask around.\" Jimmy said. \"Ok, do you have the class picture?\" Luke asked. They nod. \"Good. Go around and ask people if they saw her.\" \"Hey, where are you kids going?\" Laura asked. \"We should stick together.\" \"Mom,\" Luke said. \"We need to find Tawny.\" \"I'm sorry Luke but it's almost impossible to find her here.\" \"Maybe we can.\" \"We need to stick together.\" \"We'll ask that security there.\" He said and pushed trough the crowd. \"Excuse me! Excuse me, sir. I need your help.\" \"I know, millions of other do too but I can't help you right now I'm sorry.\" \"Please sir. I need to find this girl. Her name is Tawny Malkovich and she's medium tall, skinny and her hair is black. Here's the picture. Last time I saw her she was wearing a-\" \"Look kid, if you want to find her go there where you report missing people. I can't help you.\" \"Thanks anyway.\" He said and went back to Kenny and Jimmy. \"We can report her as missing. They'll let us know if she gets find.\" He said to them. \"What are you doing?\" Kenny asked when Luke started cutting out the part of the picture where Tawny was. He took a piece of paper out of his notebook and wrote the basic information about her and him, so they'll know who they'll inform. But when he saw the list of missing people he lost his hope. \"Luke!\" Jimmy called him. Luke turned to him. \"You gotta hear this. Come.\" He said and pulled him back where their parents were. Annete's face was puzzled, as her voice. \"Kenny's father called. You probably won't believe this.\" she said. \"There are ships. Big ships. Scientists said there'll be a flood, big one and it will change the earth's surface. Those boats can save us. We have a chance to go there.\" \"Whoa…\" Luke said. \"But… there's a chance we can't make it all.\" \"What do you mean?\" Mike asked. \"Only the few chosen have a place there. We're not one of them. But don't worry, we're all getting out alive.\" She said and looked at the boys. \"I promise.\" Then, they all looked up where there was a big screen with news and stuff. Pictures of Toronto appeared. It seemed Canada and a small part of America was the first victim. But other parts of the world won't rest for long. \"Hey, dad,\" Jimmy said. \"Where are they taking all those people?\" Mike looked on the line of securities that were talking to certain people and taking them to one of the exits. \"I don't know. Wait… that's the director of our company. He's like a Rockefeller… wait… are those some VIPs?\" \"I think they are.\" Vivian said. \"That's so unfair!\" Kenny said. \"Hey!\" he yelled. \"No Kenny don't!\" Annette said and hold him. \"Arguing on them won't bring us to those boats any faster.\" … \"Tawny, Tawny wake up.\" Clyde whisper to her. She was still sleeping. He slowly put his hand near her head and brushed her head behind her ear. She flinched and she was awake immediately. \"Did you just… what was that?\" \"Sorry! You had your hair over your face; this emo haircut covers half of your face.\" \"It's not emo!\" \"Fine, sorry…\" \"What's the problem?\" \"We're close to Yellowstone.\" \"Whoa! Really?\" she said and looked trough the window. \"Why are we flying so low?\" \"What, do you want to go to space or something?\" John asked cocky. \"No seriously Johnny. We ARE flying low.\" Rob said. \"Hey, I'm the expert here. I know how to fly this.\" \"Fine, fine… as you say.\" Then they heard something that sounded like an explosion. \"Is something wrong with the plane?\" Clyde asked. \"No. everything's fine.\" John said looking around. \"Wait… whoa! Fuck, shit, fuck!\" Clyde, Rob and Tawny looked trough the window. Smoke and fire. Yellowstone was erupting. \"Great, great! We came here in the middle of the fucking apocalypse.\" Tawny almost moaned. \"Oh shit John…\" Rob said. \"Look.\" The surface popped out like a bubble on a pancake. Then it exploded in pyroclastic flow. It was reaching very high. \"Oh shit it's going on us! Up John hurry!\" The smoke covered the plane but they managed to fly away. But it wasn't over yet. The shockwave was next. It shook the plane but they managed to keep themselves in the air. \"We're experiencing some turbulence…\" Tawny spoke like they were on a passenger plane. Clyde looked shocked at her. \"What? Never lose your sense of humor…\" \"Is this a good time for humor for you?\" he asked. They looked out to see what happened. The eruption was continuing. \"This is bad…\" \"Oh no… John?\" \"What is it Rob?\" \"We haven't got much fuel left.\" \"Oh crap… it's only enough for around 230 miles.\" \"And that's…?\" Clyde asked. \"Salt Lake City.\" \"What? Isn't there any place closer?\" \"Not with an airport.\" \"Wait my aunt lives in Salt Lake City.\" \"Great, let's hope she has a bigger plane.\" \"Bigger plane for what?\" Tawny asked. \"We need to reach the Himalaya remember?\" \"Oh right… shit. I just realized I traveled more of the world than I ever would if this wouldn't happen. What a horrible thought.\" \"Can you save your inappropriate statements for later?\" John moaned. After some time they saw Salt Lake City. It was chaos here too. An earthquake shook this place too. They landed on one of the smaller trails and went out. John looked at the plane. \"We're lucky we came till here. The propeller is full of dust.\" He said. \"We need to do something. We can reuse this plane.\" Rob said. \"Let's go over there to the crowd.\" Clyde helped Tawny because her leg still hurt. Kayla was right behind them. \"Look around if you see a brown haired woman. She's my aunt.\" Clyde said. \"Hey, maybe we could just sneak into one of those planes that are taking them to the ARCs.\" Rob and John were already making plans. Then the ground shook a bit and one of the planes exploded. \"There goes our theoretical flight.\" Tawny said. \"I got a better plan. Come on.\" John said. \"John what are you doing?\" Rob asked following him. Clyde, Tawny and Kayla followed him too. \"No one watches for this plane, right?\" \"John what are you doing?\" \"We can take it! Right?\" \"No way John! What about your can? Are you just gonna leave it? I thought you loved that piece of junk you call plane.\" \"Right now I love my life better if you don't mind. Come on.\" \"Dude…\" Tawny said looking at the plane. \"God damn beast! Are you sure you can fly this?\" \"Let me think… Yes! What do you think that amateurs can't drive big things? Gosh…\" \"Dude, it's the fucking end of the world and you're still being a pain in the ass?\" \"Don't cuss.\" Rob said. \"Sorry about that…\" … Everything was getting ready around the ARCs. In the control room where they were controlling the happening around the globe was Peter Barry and Victor Johansson, president's chief of staff. He was the leader of more or less everything since president died in one of the earthquakes. \"Sir,\" Peter said worried. \"I need to know where my colleges are.\" \"That's not my job to see if everyone got here. Besides, everyone hasn't arrived yet. And right now we need to try to put back the global communication. Most of it is lost.\" For last few hours Victor was acting like and asshole. He was an asshole, he didn't care about anything. Peter hated him. Right now he had to find Robert and John. He hoped they weren't dead yet. \"Sir,\" one of the guys at the computers called Mitch said. \"I think you would like to see this.\" Peter walked to the screen. \"Believe it or not, California and Manhattan just slinked into the sea. The massive earthquakes will do the same with Japan and Australia.\" \"Oh no…\" Peter said and rubbed his eyes. \"Whish will also trigger dozens of mea tsunamis around the world.\" \"All these people… dying… dead… about to die. This is so unfair…\" \"I know my family is probably dead by now too.\" Peter told the news to Victor. \"We need to talk to Captain Leroy we'll depart earlier.\" \"Earlier? What do you mean earlier? There are still people that need to come.\" \"Look Pete,\" \"It's Peter.\" \"Whatever. We need to help those who are already here. Natural selection, what can I do?\" \"You can depart on time!\" \"I can't stop the fucking wave Peter!\" Peter sighed and left the room. … \"Err… John? There's someone running towards us yelling something.\" Clyde said. John jumped down the plane and looked. \"This is the sign of us to leave. Chop, chop boys and girl. On the plane.\" They all went up the stairs that lead inside the plane. It wasn't a passenger plane. It was for cargo. \"Dude! This is for… weapons? Oh…\" Tawny said. \"I think I'm in heaven.\" \"Get in kid.\" John said and pulled her in. He started the engines. \"Shit…\" he said. \"I didn't know this is so hard to control.\" \"You see?\" Tawny said. \"I asked you. But noooo, you're the smart pants. Now you're getting us killed! Ha ha! Killed! Ha ha ha! Why am I laughing it's not even funny? Haha!\" the plane was slowly speeding up. \"Err, guys?\" Clyde said. Everyone looked at him. He was looking trough a small window. \"We're running out of the road.\" \"What?\" they all asked in one voice. The pyroclastic flow was getting close. \"Shit…\" John said. \"Just pull up already!\" Tawny yelled. \"I can't! I have to reach the speed.\" \"John, just do it!\" Rob said and pulled up the wheel. \"Whoa, you see? We're flying!\" Tawny said. But then the plane slowly started to lose the high. \"And we're crashing…\" everyone grabbed the seats or anything else they could find and yelled. \"Where did the ground go?\" Rob yelled when he looked out the window. \"Oh damn… not here too? The crack reached all till here? Gosh…\" John pulled the wheel and they managed to fly up. He sighed out. \"Where's your dog?\" Clyde asked Tawny. \"Oh shit… I'll go find her.\" \"Can you walk?\" \"I'll be fine.\" She said already walking down the letter. \"Hmm… lot's of ammo. Nice. Pity Luke isn't here.\" She remembered on the boys for a bit and continued looking for Kayla. \"Kayla? Here girl. Where are you?\" She sighed and continued walking down the plane. \"Come on Kayla this isn't funny. Kayla!\" She heard then something that sounded like a crack. \"Kayla?\" Then someone grabbed her and put his hand on her mouth. She tried to scream. \"Shhh. Don't yell. Please. Uhg, what have I done?\" he quickly moved his hand of her mouth. \"I'm-I'm sorry.\" He said. He was tall and skinny with light-brown messy hair. He couldn't be older than 20. \"My-my name is Alex.\" \"Hey Alex, don't freak out next time like this.\" \"I'm r-r-really sorry.\" \"Great, yeah. Can you please go off me now because this is getting really awkward?\" \"Oh I'm so sorry.\" He said and then helped her to stand up. \"What are you dong here?\" \"Well-well I'm running away. I sneaked on this plane because it was about to leave to the Himalaya.\" \"Well congratulations Alex, we're going to the same direction. Have you seen my dog?\" \"D-dog? N-no I haven't.\" \"Kayla, there you are!\" Alex jumped back. \"Whoa!\" \"Don't worry, she's harmless.\" \"O-ok. So… who's flying the plane?\" \"Just a –\" Tawny didn't knew how to call John because he wasn't a friend or a… well friend. \"- guy… his name is John Collins. He's a scientist or something.\" \"He-he found out that poles switched few times in the history, right?\" \"That will be his fried Rob.\" \"Robert Lowe?\" \"You know him?\" \"Just from National Geographic channel.\" \"He wasn't on National Geographic.\" \"Y-yes he was. In one of those-\" \"Never mind Alex. Come, you should meet them in real life.\" \"You mean they're here?\" \"Y…yeah…?\" \"Oh, oh.\" \"You guys!\" Tawny called when she was walking up. \"Who the hell?\" John asked when he saw Alex. \"Don't be such a pain in the ass John. He was already on the plane. Everybody this is Alex.\" \"Hey, Alex. I'm Robert.\" Rob tried to be polite. \"I know.\" Alex said. \"Ok forget about the stories how big fan of them are you.\" \"Y-yes. S-sorry.\" \"Tawny, where did you find him?\" Clyde whispered to her. \"He was down there. Don't worry; he's just a harmless nerd.\" \"One of the biggest I've ever seen.\" ","Summary":" NOTHING MUCH TO LOSE NOTE: Everything in the story (except names of some major locations) was made "},{"Movie":"Pirates! Band of Misfits","Title":"An Adventure on Blood Island","Author":"chill13","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9738586","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 1. An Adventure With a Pirate Thunk! The boy ignored the sound and continued writing. While is right hand expertly maneuvered the expensive feather pen his left absently fingered the bright red scarf that draped around his neck. His grandmother sent him one every year. She worried about the cold sea wind giving him a chill. Thunk! A frown creased his forehead as he stared down at the paper, trying to keep his train of thought on the tracks. Thunk! Clack! He heaved a sigh that was half exasperation half resignation as he rose from the oak desk. Pushing aside the lace curtains he opened the window and poked his head outside. \"Will you stop? Mother will hear you!\". He hissed as loud as he dared. One story below, right in the center of the flower bed stood a boy with red curls and a bright toothy grin. He dropped the large rock he had been about to throw. \"You're mother's deaf as a stump,\" he called back with an unconcerned wave, not bothering to lower his voice. \"And before you ask that penguin that answers your front door is out of the way too. Now come on! There's adventure to be had!\" The boy with the scarf sighed, sincerely disappointed. \"I can't. I'm studying.\" He still kept his voice low. The son of a colonel in His Majesty's Navy was hardly allowed to fraternize with the mongrel boy of a sailor and a barmaid. Even if that boy was his cousin. If his parents ever discovered this friendship their reaction would certainly not be one of understanding. \"Oh, studying too much will make you're head explode.\" The redheaded young man said with just a hint of annoyance. \"Besides...\" His smile widened and his voice took on a conspiritory tone as he held up a large shovel. \"Will studying ever make you rich beyond your wildest dreams?\" The boy with the scarf's eyes widened a bit. His family was already fairly wealthy and was among the upper middle class of the small port town. So it wasn't the prospect of wealth that made his spine tingle. His friend's words crackled with the promise of adventure. As always he couldn't resist. He glanced once over his shoulder before climbing out of the window. The boy with the scarf nervously eyed the sign as they passed it. It read: 'NO TRUSPASIN' in red, dripping letters that easily could have been painted in blood. Underneath a skull and crossbones clearly announced the consequences of anyone foolish enough to disregard the warning. \"Are you sure this is a good idea? They say he shoots at anyone who invades his land. I heard he even chased Doc Morgan away with a cutlass!\" \"This is a marvelous idea.\" The redhead marched confidently ahead without even a glance at the sign. \"And of course he shoots at people. He doesn't want them to find his treasure.\" \"What are we going to do if he catches us?\" It wasn't that the boy with the scarf was skittish. In fact he had a calm courage beyond his nine years. But unlike his friend he was cautious and the questions he was asking were perfectly logical ones. \"He won't catch us.\" Said the redheaded boy as he tripped over a tree root and fell flat on his face. He bounded back to his feet and continued on as if nothing had happened. \"The secret is stealth. But on the off chance that he does catch us we'll just use a simple combination of common reasoning and psychology. We'll just tell him that we know about his treasure and as he is an old man, who at the age of fifty is likely to die soon anyway, we would be happy to take that old treasure chest off his hands so he won't have to bother with it in his will.\" It sounded like a rather dubious escape plan to the boy with the scarf. But at least it was a plan. \"So how did you find out about this treasure, Captain?\" \"I was in the tavern.\" The boy lived with his mother in a small room above the local drinking establishment. So he spent much of his time helping serve drinks and listening to the gossip, fish stories and tall tales told by the patrons. It was also the place where, as a very headstrong toddler, he had earned the nickname 'Captain'. \"And I heard from a very reliable source that old Red Roy used to be a pirate!\" \"Really?\" Asked the boy with the scarf. He wasn't quite sure if any tavern goer could be called a 'reliable source'. The small harbor town was a relatively quiet place and its inhabitants mostly fishermen and sea loving gentry. And the harbor rarely got anything larger than the local fishing skiffs. So if this fellow was indeed a terror of the seven seas he was the most exciting person they had in their little village. \"Yep. And as a pirate he obviously has treasure. The whole idea of being a pirate is the treasure, you know. Well, that and not having to wash behind your ears. Pirate's mothers never tell them to wash behind their ears.\" He brushed some foliage aside as they continued through the wooded area. \"So how are we supposed to find this treasure?\" The boy with the scarf tugged at the leather bag that hung over his shoulder as it became caught on a passing bush. Hopefully that bag would be filled with loot by the end of the day. The Captain gave his friend a suspicious look as if wondering if he were really that stupid. But he quickly shrugged it off. \"I suppose you wouldn't know anything about pirates with your head filled with all that useless book learning. You're going to have to do some emptying in there if you want to make room for important things. It would be difficult. Learning things can be heard, but unlearning them is as easy as falling off a pier.\" The scarf-wearing boy frowned just a bit but didn't let the remark offend him. Instead he tried to keep his friend on topic—a very difficult thing to do at times. \"Um…so how are we going to find this treasure again?\" \"Everybody knows pirates hide their treasure under X's. Generally big read ones, unless the pirate in question's favorite color is green. Then it would probably be a green X.\" The redheaded boy prided himself on his knowledge of all things nautical. And pirates were the most nautical things he could think of, aside from anchors. Those were particularly nautical as well. The boy with the scarf wasn't exactly up on seafaring ways himself but he often wondered how accurate his friend's knowledge actually was. \"Okay.\" The boy with the scarf nodded, filing that information into his mind. \"Look for a red X.\" \"Or a green one. Or any color for that matter. Well, perhaps not pink. Only a lady pirate would hide treasure under a pink. X. And old Red Roy is certainly not a lady pirate.\" Just ahead the woods gave way and the two boys stopped gazing out at the clearing. The tall, unkept grass spanned from the tree line to an abrupt drop off and beyond sparkled the blue ocean. Right at the edge of the cliff, looking as if it were about to crumble into the sea was an old, lopsided pile of wood that if you squinted hard might pass for a small cabin. The boy with the scarf quirked one side of his mouth skeptically. \"If he has treasure why would he live there?\" The Captain stared at the old place, his hazel eyes sparkling. \"It's just a front, you see. Devilishly clever. I'll bet he's got a mansion underneath it somewhere!\" The boy with the scarf smiled a bit. \"I'm sure you're right, Captain.\" He seriously doubted there was anything under that shack but dirt. But it felt kind of cruel to say so when the Captain was so excited over the idea. \"Now, do you see any promising X's? Remember they're tricky little things and like to play hide and seek.\" The boy with the scarf surveyed the area, looking for anything that might mark buried treasure. He didn't see anything. \"Ah! There it is!\" The Captain strolled out into the open with no qualms about being seen. The boy with the scarf slunk behind him. \"Shouldn't we make sure he's not home first?\" \"Look at the place!\" He waved a hand toward the dilapidated building. \"Why would he be up here peeking out of windows in that old wreck when he's got a whole mansion down there.\" His hand lowered a bit, pointing to the ground beneath the cabin. \"I suppose you're right.\" They younger boy said, sounding far less than sure. \"Of course I'm right. And here's where we'll dig.\" The Captain reached his destination and motioned proudly to the ground where two branches crossed each other, sitting conspicuously in the grass. It did indeed look like an X. The bark on the limbs even had a reddish hue. The Captain shoved both hands on his hips and gave the boy with the scarf a pointed look. \"Well, don't just stand there like a slice of toast! Get to digging!\" The boy with the scarf smiled a bit as he stabbed the shovel into the dirt. The 'Captain's nickname suited him perfectly. He was never really rude about it but he had no qualms about bossing others around. He was a leader. That was for sure. The boy with the scarf had only been digging a few moments when the Captain rolled his eyes and snatched the shovel away. \"You wealthy school types really don't know how to do anything useful do you?\" The boy with the scarf frowned just a little. But he couldn't really argue. This was the first time he had ever used a shovel and he might very well have been doing it wrong. The truth was he was so thin and so light he hardly had any leverage to push the shovel blade. The Captain demonstrated the proper procedure, using his foot to push the blade into the thick soil. \"You really need to learn how to dig properly.\" He insisted. \"You just never know when you'll need a good hole.\" The scarf-wearing boy watched closely and listened as his friend listed all the virtues of a decent shovel. There was a rustle from behind and a shadow fell over them. The Captain was too busy digging to notice but the boy with the scarf whipped around with a gasp to see a giant of a man blocking out the sun before a huge meaty hand grabbed him around the waist, squeezing all the air from his lungs so quickly he couldn't even shout a warning. The Captain gasped and dropped his shovel as he was lifted off his feet, a giant hook where the man's hand should be piercing the collar of his red coat. The Captain struggled for a moment, dangling in midair, while the boy with the scarf kicked and squirmed with all his might. The mans voice was like thunder. \"What'er you two lubbers doin' digging up my land?!\" The Captain stopped struggling and tried to twist around to see the mountain that was holding him aloft. \"We…We heard you needed an outhouse out here and thought we'd save you the trouble of digging the hole.\" The pirate roared with laughter as loud as the waves in a storm. He clearly wasn't buying it. If they didn't get away he'd probably toss them both over that cliff over there. Struggling wasn't working so the boy with the scarf tried the next thing on the list. He bit down as hard as he could on the tan, hairy hand that gripped him. The pirate let out a lions roar and with a flick of his oak-like wrist sent the offender flying. The boy with the scarf tumbled through the air, collided head first with the nearest tree and crumpled bonelessly to the ground. The last thing he heard was a piercing shriek of \"No!\" from the Captain before everything went dark. Poke. \"He's not waking up. You've gone and broke him!\" Poke. \"Let him be. He'll be alright.\" Poke. \"You better be able to fix him. You can't replace a best friend, you know.\" Poke. \"Quit pokin' him, lad!\" The boy with the scarf awoke to a headache and the sensation of being stabbed in the chest with someone's finger. He blinked his eyes open to find a very blurry redheaded figure hovering over him. \"How many fingers am I holding up?\" The boy with the scarf blinked a few more times, his vision becoming gradually clearer. \"Um…three?\" The Captain looked at the fingers he was holding up, counted them himself and then grinned triumphantly. \"Right!\" \"Ye alright lad?\" The scarf-wearing boy sat up straight when he saw the huge mountain-of-a-man sitting near the end of the cot. His skin was tanned and weathered and a gigantic curly, chocolate-brown beard spanned from his face to halfway down his chest. A dangerous-looking hook, polished till it sparkled, topped the end of his right arm where his hand should be. Seemingly to balance it out his left leg ended just above the knee, replaced by a long wooden peg. \"Sorry, fer tossin' ye, boy. But ye startled me.\" He held up his hand and there was a clear red mark where the boy had bitten him. The boy with the scarf crinkled his nose a bit. The taste of hairy, sweaty pirate still lingered in his mouth. \" I startled you ?\" \"Don't judge me, boy. I don't fancy folks on me property. I was just tryin' to scare ye off.\" \"Because you're hiding a treasure, if I'm not mistaken?\" Asked the Captain, not the least bit intimidated by the man that was likely ten times his size. The big man squinted one eye dangerously. \"And what makes ye say that?\" \"You're a pirate.\" The Captain said matter-of-factly. \"All pirates have treasure. Don't tell me you didn't know that. What kind of treasure do you have, by the way? I'm particularly fond of rubies. They're red, aren't they? Red is my favorite color.\" Old Red Roy chuckled. \"By Neptune's knickers, every pirate should have treasure. And I've had plenty of treasure in me time.\" The boy with the scarf relaxed a little. With a smile, even though it was missing a few teeth, the man didn't seem quite as dangerous as he had before. \"But you haven't any now?\" He ventured to ask. \"You two lads want a ham sandwich?\" He bustled over to the one counter that made up his kitchen and pulled a huge, shiny cutlass out of nowhere and with two massive 'chops' that nearly split the counter in two he parted a couple of slices from a side of ham. Moments later he came back, handing each of the boys a plate. He sat down on the room's one chair and wiped the mustard from his saber. \"Thank you.\" The boy with the scarf said. The Captain took a huge bite and tried to speak around his food. \"So what's it like being a pirate?\" And he told them. He spun tales of the sea and the wind. Of ships, grand ships that crossed the oceans to places no man has ever seen. He told of islands and treasure maps and caves filled with mountains of gold. There were stories of sea battles, some won, some lost. He must have spoke for hours with the two boys hanging on his every word. The Captain's young face glowed, his eyes sparkling with these tales of adventure. Soon it was time to go home. But they returned to the old cabin every time they got the chance to hear more. And every time old Red Roy would have some new piratical tip. \"Every pirate needs a good nickname to strike fear in his enemies.\" And \"ham is a pirates best friend\" and \"Take care of your beard, lad. His beard is a pirate's pride and joy.\" Although the old pirate insisted he didn't like trespassers he always seemed delighted when the two boys came to visit. One day, after hearing a particularly exciting story from their pirate friend the two boys were walking home, side by side. The Captain stopped in his tracks, his brows lowered in thoughtful determination. \"You know. When I grow up, and I'm nearly there you know, I'm going to be a pirate! Why, I'll be the best pirate captain to ever sail the seven seas! There are seven of them aren't there? I'll have my own boat and my own crew. And by Neptune I'll have treasure too! Lots of that. And cannons! Every good pirate ship has cannons.\" He turned to the younger boy as something brilliant seemed to strike him. \"And you can be my first mate! Every pirate captain needs a first mate, you know.\" The boy with the scarf smiled. \"Where would we sail first, Captain?\" This is the first in a series of short stories about the Captain and Scarf's early friendship.[Chapter 2] The gangplank hit the dock with a solid 'thunk' and the pirates eagerly filed off the ship with Darwin taking the rear. He now sported an eyepatch and a hefty belt both of which he thoroughly despised. For one he was particularly fond of the use of both eyes and secondly the size of his belt buckle made it nearly impossible to bend over without impaling his stomach. How did pirates live like this? The Pirate Captain strutted down the boardwalk as if he owned the place, winking and 'how-de-do'ing' everyone they happened to pass. A few pirates waved back but most either rolled their eyes or ignored him. He scarcely noticed. He was much too busy being proud of himself and pointing out his wanted posters. While the Captain pranced at the front of their little band Charles straggled a bit behind as he took in the new surroundings. The place seemed to be a cross between a pirate themed carnival and a strip mall…or at least that's what he would have thought had there been strip malls in the 1830's. One shop after another along the boardwalk advertised everything a pirate could possibly want: buckle polishing, artificial limbs, used parrots, explosives and of course all things even remotely nautical. A few had holes in their signs as if they had been hit by cannon fire at one time. High above and behind the buildings turned a creaky Farris wheel that looked as if it had been thrown together from old ship parts. Charles nearly jumped out of his skin as a window from one of the shops exploded outward sending shattered glass and a very irate pirate skidding across the boardwalk. The pirate stopped rolling at Charles feet. The rough, overly tattooed man shook a hook and hollered several choice nautical insults at the proprietor who in turn pulled out a pistol and shot the pirate's hat clean off his head. \"Oy! That's my favorite hat!\" With that the pirate whipped out his cutlass and headed back toward the shop. Charles scurried quickly away, not wanting to know the outcome of that little skirmish. But no sooner had he taken two steps than a huge, muscular pirate came roaring out of an alley with a smaller pirate held high above his head. With a great heave he tossed the smaller man splashing into the bay. The big man dusted off his ape-like hands, clearly satisfied. \"That's the last time he'll say my mama wears army boots!\" \"That's right Sonny.\" Said the burly woman with two peg legs. With a shudder Charles hurried to catch up with the crew then realized with a start that they were nowhere to be seen. He turned a frantic circle in the center of the boardwalk. There were pirates everywhere! Pirates with artificial limbs, eyes patches and wooden teeth, pirates fighting, singing or just lounging on the beach. There were pirates on ships, in the ringing or on the sails, there were pirates with parrots swords and garbage pails. But none of them were his pirates! Where could they possibly have gone in the few seconds he hadn't been paying attention. He was just about to start the preliminary stages of panic when the Albino Pirate poked his head out of a dingy looking pub called 'the Barnicle's Face'. \"What are you waiting for?\" Albino asked with an expansive wave, beckoning him inside. The place was dark, rowdy and smelled of cheap spirits. \"Over here,Chuck!\" The Pirate Captain called from the table by the giant stuffed octopus. \"Pardon me...um...terribly sorry.\" Darwin gingerly navigated through through the crowd of piratical patrons, trying to ignore some of the funny looks he received as he meekly excused himself. Someone's peg leg suddenly appeared in his path and down he went, face first into the floorboards. \"What's the matter, lubber? Leave your sea legs at home?\" Charles stood, dusted himself off and brusquely straightened his over-shoulder bag trying to ignore the raucous laughter. It was like being in school all over again. He took the empty seat between the Pirate with the Scarf and the Albino Pirate. \"Watch where you step, Chuck.\" The Captain said cheerily. \"The floors are uneven.\" \"Mm.\" Charles frowned noncommittally. The Pirate with a Scarf gave an apologetic shrug. The Captain flagged down a barmaid. \"What'll ye 'ave, mates?\" Charles raised a finger. \"Tea with just a spot of...OW!\" A saltshaker bounced off his face. He rubbed his left cheek and glared in the Pirate Captain's direction where he was certain the projectile had come from. The Captain completely ignored him. \"Grog all around.\" He said with a toothy smile. The barmaid gave Darwin a suspicious glance before heading off with their order. \"Don't embarrass me, Charles.\" The Captain said once she had gone. Darwin shrugged. \"I'm really not that fond of grog.\" There was a gasp around the table and a few heads turned in adjacent tables. The Pirate with the Scarf clamped a hand over Darwin's mouth and the Captain threw the pepper at him. \"Good old Chuck, always making jokes!\" The Captain said loud enough for the whole bar to hear. Darwin slapped Number Two's hand away. Quietly the Captain added. \"I know you've got a big mouth, Chuck. But really , man! Use some common sense!\" \"I'm sorry.\" Darwin blinked a couple times looking more bewildered than apologetic. The Pirate Captain seemed to forget him entirely as a few pirates came in and waved at him. \"Nice poster, Captain!\" One shouted, pointing to the 'wanted' poster near the bar wall that announced a 100,000 doubloon reward for the Pirate Captain's capture. The Pirate Captain waved the compliment away in a pretense of humility. \"Oh, it's just a hundred thousand doubloons. Nothing at all! They did capture my smile quite well I think.\" The Pirate gave a nod and went back to ordering. \"Wow, Captain!\" The Albino Pirate exclaimed. \"People in here actually talk to you now!\" \"Ye've earned their respect, Cap'n!\" The Pirate with Gout added with a cock-sure fist. The Pirate Captain twirled his moustache feeling quite important. \"I-I have, haven't I?\" The door to the tavern swung open and the tavern hushed a bit as everyone paused what they were doing to watch a red-clad woman with a giant sword at her back saunter confidently into the room. Charles jaw dropped to the table, both shocked and amazed at what he saw. \"Who's that ?\" \"Cutlass Liz.\" Number Two whispered back. \"She's wanted in five of the seven seas!\" The Pirate with a Hook where his hand should be said. \"She's one of the most famous pirates ever !\" Said the Pirate with Gout. \"Aside from me, of course.\" The Captain added. \"B…but she's wearing pants !\" The little scientist stammered, his cheeks flushing. Perhaps he should be averting his eyes. The Surprisingly Curvaceous Pirate seemed to shrink a little in his chair. Cutlass ordered a grog and leaned casually against the bar. She glanced in their direction and catching sight of the Pirate Captain she gave him a small nod of acknowledgement before turning her attention to her drink. \"Did you see that?\" The Captain elbowed his first mate in the side (quite thankfully the one that wasn't injured). \"You saw it didn't you, Number Two?\" \"Congratulations, Captain.\" Number Two said with a smile. \"Cutlass doesn't give out nods of acknowledgement lightly.\" \"Perhaps I should go talk to her.\" The Captain moved to get up. \"Mmm. Might be pushing your luck.\" \"A little forward? Perhaps you're right.\" The barmaid returned with their grog. She slammed the cups on the table, sending foam sloshing. Polly wandered about the table, sticking her beak into the occasional cup. Darwin stared down at his cup and made a face. He had been drinking grog for nearly two months now and he was just about at the end of his rope. He had hoped, coming to shore in an actual…er…restaurant…sort of…he would be able to order something different. A cup of tea, a glass of sherry, wine…. anything besides grog! But after what had just happened a few minutes ago he decided to keep his mouth shut and just drink the sludge. \"Ah! Bellamy!\" The Pirate Captain waved furiously at a green-clad pirate with a black goatee. \"What do you think of the poster?\" Bellamy raised an eyebrow and sauntered in the direction of their table. \"And what poster might that be?\" The Pirate Captain looked a bit disappointed. \"My wanted poster.\" \"Oooh. That poster!\" Bellamy gave a sarcastic slap to his forehead. \"You mean the one that looks nothing like you.\" The Pirate Captain frowned a bit and pulled a copy of the paper from inside his coat. He squinted at it. \"What are you talking about? That looks just like me.\" Bellamy gave a cocky grin. \"Your nose is way bigger than that.\" The Pirate Captain shrugged a bit, completely missing the insult. \"Eh…perhaps your right. But 100,000 doubloons! Pretty impressive, eh? Not many pirates are wanted for 100,000 doubloons!\" Bellamy nodded casually. \"Yeah, no one ever thought you'd be worth half that much. That's really a ridiculous amount of dough for stealing one lousy parrot, though.\" The Pirate Captain blinked. He had expected a little respect. Not more insults. The Pirate with the Scarf leaned close to Darwin. \"How much you are wanted for is a big deal here.\" He whispered. \"It's rather like winning your science show.\" Now that was something Darwin understood. \" Actually ,\" Everyone turned to look at him, somewhat surprised that he was entering this conversation. Darwin was pleased he had managed to get their attention. \"The Captain not only stole Polly back but he also sunk Queen Victoria's flagship, a vessel about ten times larger than his own, with nothing but vinegar and baking soda.\" Bellamy stared at Charles as if he were a glob of seaweed that had stuck to his boot than turned back to the Pirate Captain. \"Well, you better watch your back, Pirate Captain. Guys with a price like that on them don't live very long.\" With that he stalked off toward the bar. \"Well,\" The Pirate Captain watched him go, clearly disappointed. \"That was uncalled for.\" The Pirate with the Scarf put a hand on his shoulder. \"He's jealous, Captain.\" The Captain looked startled for a moment and then a huge smile burst across his face. \"He was n't he!?\" He had never had another pirate captain be jealous of him before. It felt rather good. \"Did you see the way he kept clenching his fists?\" The Pirate With Gout added. \"I think Charles, here, helped with that.\" Number Two gave Darwin a smile that seemed the equivalent of a pat on the shoulder. The Captain nodded. \"Good thinking, that vinegar and baking soda, bit. Ooh!\" Something across the pub caught his eye, completely diverting his attention. \"The board's open. You lads up for a game of darts?\"[Chapter 3] The dart game had started alright, although Darwin's hand-eye had much to be desired and more of his darts ended up in the wall or the floor than the dart board. But he had called it quits when the pirates decided it would be fun to throw darts at each other . Now he sat at their table, content to be relatively alone for the moment. Now that his friends weren't watching he removed his eye patch and belt. With a wince he rubbed his midsection where he was sure he had a permanent red mark from that belt buckle. He stuffed both items into his leather satchel. Out of it he pulled his journal, a small inkwell and a pen. He had only written a few words when a hand appeared on his book. \"Whacha writin' there little man?\" Darwin looked up and wasn't terribly surprised to find Black Bellamy leaning over him with a look of feigned curiosity. \"Nothing someone with the mental capacity of an invertebrate would understand.\" He pushed Bellamy's hand off his book went back to writing. Darwin recognized Bellamy as nothing more than a schoolyard bully in a pirate hat and he wanted nothing to do with him. \"Is that so?\" With one swift motion Bellamy snatched the book from under Darwin's nose. \"Hey!\" Bellamy grinned smugly and flipped through the weathered pages. \"Let's see what we have here.\" Darwin made a grab for his book but Bellamy simply moved it out of his reach. By now several pirates were watching and a couple were cheering Bellamy on. \"Hold on. Hold on.\" Bellamy placed a hand on Darwin's forehead keeping the little scientist at arms length. \"Hey guys, get a load of this! 'I have discovered a new type of barnacle'. Dude this thing is really a page turner.\" The spectators laughed as Darwin strained against the pirate's hand, trying desperately to reach his journal. \"That is extremely private property!\" Bellamy cocked both his head and an eyebrow. \"Yeah, pirates aren't exactly known for respecting other people's property.\" He glanced at the book again. \"Wait! Wait! Wait! It gets better! 'I'll never get a girlfriend. I'm so unhappy.'. You got that right, little man!\" The pub roared with laughter. Darwin's cheeks turned a deep shade of red and he redoubled his efforts but was still unable to get past Bellamy's hand. \"Give it back!\" \"Alright. Alright. Chill.\" But instead of handing the book to Darwin he hollered across the bar. \"Hey, Cutlass! Heads up!\" He tossed the book across the room and then gave the little scientist a smug grin. \"Fetch.\" Cutlass Liz easily caught it with one hand. She examined it for a second then with a smile held it out. With a relieved sigh Darwin hurried across the room, deftly dodging a few attempts to trip him. \"Thank you Miss.\" But just as he reached for it she snatched it back and with a sinister laugh tossed it over his head right back Bellamy. On Bellamy's next throw Darwin made a jump for his book but it was out of his reach. The game of monkey in the middle went on for a couple minutes with some pirates cheering for Bellamy and Cutlass and others booing, whistling and throwing things at Darwin until the little scientist was positively fuming. \"I can't believe I'm dealing with grown people here!\" He grunted as he made another grab for his journal as it sailed over his head. \"Of all the childish, crude, immature... BANG! Darwin screamed and jumped as a hole appeared in the floor an inch from his foot. Bellamy puffed the smoke off his pistol. \"There's no need for name calling.\" Darwin threw both hands out as his voice rose to a high pitched squeak. \"I'm sorry! I'm sorry!\" Any annoyance he had a moment ago had been replaced by complete panic. \"Aw. He's sorry. Should we accept his apology?\" There was a unanimous chorus of: \"Noooooooo!\" Bellamy gave a nonchalant shrug. \"Tough luck.\" Darwin yelped as another couple gunshots splintered a chair just to his left and shattered a glass to his right. He wanted to run but he was hemmed in by pirates and bar room furniture. \"Can't we d-discuss this...um...calmly over a cup of-\" Bellamy answered by taking a couple shots at the ceiling, snapping a rope and sending a decorative fishing net down onto Darwin. He threw his head back and let out a hearty laugh as the little scientist struggled with the rope. With a great deal of frantic grunting Darwin managed to get himself untangled. As he pulled the last bit of netting off his head he looked up and froze. He found himself staring directly down the barrel of Bellamy's pistol. It was aimed directly between his eyes. The pirate smiled and shrugged. \"I'm not really big on discussing things either.\" There was a 'click' as he pulled the hammer into place. Darwin closed his eyes and waited. But instead of the explosion of weapons fire a voice rang out. \"That's enough, Bellamy!\" The pub sighed with a disappointed: \"Awwww.\" Charles opened one eye and found himself no longer staring down Bellamy's pistol. The back of a navy jacket now took up most of his vision. The Pirate with the Scarf now stood between Bellamy and Charles, his feet planted firmly on the floor and and the expression on his face meant business. Bellamy lowered his weapon, placed a hand on his hip and fixed the younger pirate with a glare of annoyed boredom. \"Dude. You're ruining the fun.\" \"Leave him alone.\" The first mate warned, his voice leaving no room for argument. Bellamy rolled his eyes. \"Aw, come on. What's the harm in a little target practice? That is what you brought the little lubber for, right? Squid bait?\" \"Actually...\" The Pirate Captain strolled up as if nothing out of the ordinary was going on and he simply wanted to join the conversation. \"He's part of my crew.\" Bellamy raised an incredulous eyebrow. \"You can't be serious.\" The Captain lifted his head proudly. \"In fact I am.\" The Pirate with the Scarf nodded. Bellamy stepped up to Darwin, his dark eyes narrowing. The pirate's moustache curled up in a sneer only inches from the little scientist's nose. \"I'll bet he can't even say 'arr'.\" Darwin gulped audibly, feeling his collar tighten under such intense scrutiny. \"Oh, hogwash!\" The Pirate Captain threw a friendly arm around Charles shoulders. \"Of course he can. Show him, Chuck.\" Charles showed his teeth in what was meant to be a smile but ended up looking like he had indigestion. \"Um...arr?\" The whole tavern exploded with knee-slapping, table-pounding, side-splitting rowdy laughter. A couple pirates fell out of their chairs and lay on the floor holding their sides and giggling like hyenas. The Pirate Captain's crew just shuffled their feet, looking thoroughly embarrassed. That was possibly the worst 'arr' in the entire history of piracy. Bellamy leaned on a table so he wouldn't collapse as he wiped a tear from his eye. \"Dude!\" He cried between gasps. \"Either he's got lubbermitosis or you've recruited a kitten!\" The Captain scoffed, waving Bellamy's insult away with a downward sweep of both hands. \"Oh, he was just warming up.\" With that he brought the heel of his boot down solidly onto Darwin's toes. \"Aaaaaarrrgh!\" The little scientist reared back, grabbed his foot and began hopping in circles. After a couple rotations he calmed down and gave the Captain a glare that could have burned through a cannonball. The Pirate Captain didn't even notice. He simply smiled proudly at Bellamy, very pleased with how clever he was. \"You see? Now wasn't that good?\" Bellamy clearly wasn't falling for it. \"Really?\" But the Captain went on completely confident that he could pull this off. \"Not only can this little fellow roar like nobody's business but he's also deadly with a cutlass.\" \"Is that so?\" Cutlass Liz crossed her arms looking as unconvinced as Bellamy. \"Had a bit of a scuffle with Number Two, here, a few weeks ago. Ran the poor fellow through.\" Number Two and Darwin swapped a confused look before staring at the Captain as if his beard was turning into a squid. \"Go on.\" The Captain tapped his first mate in the ribs causing the young man to flinch slightly. \"Show him the scar.\" The Pirate with the Scarf rolled his eyes and gave a resigned sigh as he pulled up his shirt and jacket to reveal a four inch long red line just under his ribs. Showing off scars was a common pastime among pirates and making up grand tales about them was expected. But this was just ridiculous. In a manner of speaking Darwin had cut him open so in a sense that was true. But the Captain had omitted several key bits of the story. Like the part where Charles was trying to cut a bullet out of his side before he bled to death. \"Quite a battle it was too!\" The Captain went on. \"I thought he got that scar because-mmph!.\" The Albino Pirate said somewhere behind them just before the Pirate with Gout clamped a hand over his mouth. \"Just how dumb do you think we are, Captain?\" Bellamy threw a hand in Darwin's direction. \"You couldn't pass him off as a pirate if he had a wooden leg and a Jolly Roger tattooed to his face!\" \"Hmm.\" The Pirate Captain stroked his beard and gave Darwin a thoughtful frown. The Pirate with the Scarf knew exactly what was going through his friend's mind. \"No, Captain.\" The Captain gave an innocent shrug. \"What?\" \"The point is, Pirate Captain...\" Cutlass ambled over from the bar circling Darwin like a shapely shark. She leaned close to him and casually pulled her sword from it's scabbard. \"You've brought a land lubber to Blood Island and you know that's against the rules.\" Darwin could feel his pulse pounding in his ears as perspiration beaded on his forehead. He wasn't sure if it was from the deadly weapon that was held inches from his throat or the fact that he had never been this close to a woman before. \"Oh, don't be absurd, Cutlass.\" With one finger the Captain pushed her sword away from Darwin. \"I would never dream of such a thing. He may look like a complete pansy but-\" \"Listen, Captain.\" Bellamy interrupted. \"We've been in the business a long time and we know a pirate when we see one. And that...\" He stabbed a hand in Darwin's direction. \"is as far from a pirate as a sea cucumber is to Big Ben.\" \"Why don't you feed him to the sharks now and be done with it?\" Cutlass suggested. \"What?\" Charles squeaked. \"Now, now.\" The Captain said, placing a hand on the panicking scientist's shoulder. \"Let's not be hasty. Just because he doesn't look like a pirate or sound like a pirate or act like a pirate doesn't mean he's not a pirate.\" The Pirate with the Scarf brought his hand to the bridge of his nose. The Captain's persuasion skills had much to be desired. Darwin glanced up at the first mate completely bewildered. He kind of understood the Captain wanting to make him look tough in front of these pirates. If they thought he was one of them they would probably leave him alone. But there seemed to be much more to it than that. \"I don't understand.\" He whispered. The Pirate with the Scarf bent close to him. \"Blood Island has a strict 'pirates only' policy.\" Darwin didn't like the worried tone in the first mate's voice. \"What happens if you're not?\" The Pirate with Gout leaned in to the conversation to whisper. \"Peter and Wendy get a good meal.\" \"P-Peter and Wendy?\" \"The sharks.\" The Albino Pirate explained with a grin, clearly having no inkling of the seriousness of the conversation. \"They're the islands mascots.\" \"Than why in the name of biscuits and tea did you bring me here!?\" Darwin hissed as hostily as a whisper allowed. Before the others could answer the Pirate Captain, still conversing with Cutlass and Bellamy, said: \"Well, why don't we ask the Pirate King.\" The entire tavern cheered in agreement \"Wait, what are we doing?\". Darwin squawked. It seemed he had missed something important. The Pirate King completely dominated the throne room, his booming voice and massive figure overpowering even the shimmering jewels that adorned a throne plundered from the Spanish main. \"The Law was made with good reason!\" He thundered to the room filled with the patrons from the Barnacle's Face and the Pirate Captain's crew. Five figures stood before the big man's throne. Darwin fidgeted beside the Pirate Captain and the Pirate with the Scarf while Bellamy and Cutlass stood together, both looking quite proud of themselves. \"All pirates love a good fight but if we were to just allow anyone anyone here our location would slip out and we would have every Navy in the world here to blow us off the face of the globe!\" The Pirate King shouted. The crowd cheered in agreement. \"The problem seems to be whether this...\" He pointed one gigantic, bejeweled finger at Darwin. \"...is a pirate.\" Darwin flinched a little, both at the violent gesture and the Pirate King's eardrum shattering voice. \"The only way to solve this is to have a TEST!\" The Pirate King threw both hands into the air as if he were making the most profound and important proclamation of the decade. The pirates seemed to agree with that assessment for the room exploded into raucous applause. \"A test?\" Squeaked Darwin, certain that this was going to be a very bad thing. \"A test?\" The Pirate with a Scarf frowned. The idea didn't sound good to him either. \"A PIRACY test!\" The King bellowed. The Pirate Captain strolled merrily back to his ship with his crew trailing behind in various stages of worry. Darwin walked beside him, having a sweating, hyperventilating fit. \"But Captain! I can't!\" He shouted. \"Of course you can. There are only five simple tests.\" He ticked them off on his fingers. \"Cutlass agility, ham eating, cannon sharpshooting, shanty singing and mast climbing. \" Darwin's reply was thankfully unintelligible. The Pirate with the Scarf placed a hand on his panicking friend's shoulder and gave him a reassuring smile that said let me try. Darwin let out a distressed sigh and fell back with the rest of the group as Scarf walked ahead with the Captain. \"Captain, do you remember that talk we had?\" \"The one about attaching cannons to the sails or that excessively boring one about certain death?\" \"Captain, you're going to get Darwin killed and us banned from Blood Island forever.\" The Captain waved an unconcerned hand. \"You worry too much.\" \"You know he can't pass those tests!\" The Captain gave his first mate a sly grin and a wink. \"Not without our help.\"[Chapter 4] Charles was pacing. The pirates watched as he walked back and forth across the forcastle deck. They seemed somewhat entertained by his panicked ranting and hyperventilating. \"What was he thinking?\" Charles wrung his hands, speaking mostly to to himself. \"I'm not a pirate! I never claimed to be a pirate! I can't fire a cannon! I can't climb a mast! I can't even tie a knot! You guys know that!\" He threw a pleading hand toward the rest of the crew. \"You can swab the deck alright.\" The Albino Pirate offered helpfully. Darwin let out a frustrated groan that ended in a despairing whimper. The forecastle door burst open and the Pirate Captain breezed in with the first mate trailing quietly behind him. Darwin looked up hopefully. The two of them had been in the Captain's cabin since they had returned to the ship. Maybe, just maybe, the Pirate with the Scarf had been able to talk some sense into the Captain. Surely it wouldn't be too hard to convince him of the facts. The facts that said Darwin was as good as shark bait if he took those tests tomorrow. His hopes were dashed the moment the Captain opened his mouth. \"Well, Chuck, You ready to show these fellows what's what?\" He asked with a grin and a 'way-to-go' fist. Charles mouth dropped open. \"Captain you—you can't be serious !\" He looked desperately over to the Pirate with the Scarf who shrugged apologetically. \"I can't take those tests!\" \"Oh, pha! Of course you can. And you're going to pass.\" \" Pass? \" Charles shouted, becoming more upset by the second. \"I don't even qualify for the entry ! That Cutlass lass was right. Why don't you just throw me to the sharks now and be done with it?!\" \"Now, Chuck, there's no need to be over dramatic about it.\" \"Oooh.\" Charles voice reeked of sarcasm. \"I'm sorry! I do tend to be a little dramatic when I'm about to die! \" \"You're not going to die. Well, I'm certain you will some day. But not tomorrow in any case. I have a plan!\" \"Ooh! I love it when you have a plan!\" Albino Pirate clapped his hands in anticipation. The rest of the crew seemed to share his enthusiasm at this announcement. \"What is it?\" The Surprisingly Curvaceous Pirate asked, practically bouncing up and down. The Captain was thoroughly enjoying this reaction. \"All in good time. But I must say with this wily brain of mine I've devised the perfect pirate plan. The most ingenious pirate plan since pirate plans began!\" \"Captain,\" The Pirate with the Scarf didn't look as if he liked the Captain's words very much. \"If you have a plan we really need to know about it.\" The Pirate Captain looked just a little annoyed. \"Don't be nosy Number Two. Besides, I want it to be a surprise.\" \"Why do we have to have a plan at all?\" Darwin asked, not sure why they were even having this insane conversation. \"Why can't we jut leave ?\" \"No chance of that I'm afraid.\" The Captain said as he pulled a biscuit from his pocket and fed it to Polly. The Surprisingly Curvaceous Pirate hopped down from where he had been sitting on his bunk. \"You've been labeled a landlubber.\" \"Exactly.\" The Captain waved a finger as he explained. \"And if we try to leave with you onboard we would be sunk before we left the harbor.\" \"Ooh.\" Charles leaned against the table and dropped his face into his hands. There was no way out. He was a dead man. The Captain threw an arm around his shoulders. \"Don't look so unhappy, Chuck. Tomorrow you'll be the greatest pirate that ever plucked a parrot.\" With a quick pat to Charles back he headed toward the hatch. \"You lads sleep tight. I've got some more planning to do.\" And with a smug grin he was gone. \"Everything will be alright.\" The Pirate with the Scarf put a hand on Darwin's shoulder and forced an optimistic smile. \"I mean the Captain does have a plan.\" Blood Island's town square was packed. The news of Charles test had spread quickly and it seemed that every pirate from the Carribian to the Spanish main had come to see the show. Someone had erected a stand of bleachers on each side of the square turning it into a makeshift arena. The seats were overflowing. There were pirates everywhere! Some in the stands, some milling about in the streets, some crowding in the rooftops of the surrounding buildings. There was a general air of anticipation with plenty of roaring and the occasional random weapons fire. Several pirates mingled among the crowds selling everything from popcorn and ham to pennants that said 'lose the lubbers'. \"This is some turn out!\" The Pirate with Gout admired the crowd of spectators from where the Pirate Captain, his crew and Charles waited near one of the shops that surrounded the square. \"You see, Chuck? They've all come to see you.\" The Captain said cheerfully. Darwin took a look at the rough crowd who were shouting and throwing things. He shrank closer to the Captain. \"They've come to see me fed to the sharks.\" Charles knew his history and he was getting distinct vibes of Rome and the Coliseum. \"Place your bets!\" A pirate in a plaid jacket and a bowler that had seen better days strolled by shouting at the top of his voice and occasionally stopping to collect money from someone. The Captain flagged him down. \"I say, what are the odds?\" \"One to twenty.\" \"Ooo.\" The Pirate Captain nodded his head in approval. \"Odds?\" Darwin scrunched his nose looking to the crew for an explanation. \"Odds for what?\" \"Weather you'll survive the first five minutes.\" The bookie pirate said cheerfully, chewing on a cigar stub. Darwin was afraid to ask but he just couldn't help himself. \"Um…in who's favor?\" He looked Charles up and down and shook his head. \"Not yours.\" He gave the little scientist a pat on the chest with the back of his grubby hand. \"Don't let 'em down, kid.\" With that he continued on his way, quickly disappearing into the crowd. Darwin watched him go, a sense of dread settling heavily in his stomach. \"Don't listen to him.\" The Pirate with the Scarf placed a hand on his shoulder. \"I'm…sure you'll do fine.\" He managed to pull an encouraging smile. \"Sure!\" The Pirate with Gout elbowed Charles in the ribs. \"I'd give ye two to three easy.\" \"Besides!\" The Albino Pirate added with a cheerful smile. \"The Captain has a plan.\" The Pirate with the Scarf gave the Captain a meaningful stare. \"Yes. And now would be a splendid time to tell us that plan.\" The Captain gave them a cryptic grin. \"All in good time.\" Then he banned any further conversation on the subject by turning away to fawn over Polly who sat contentedly on his shoulder. Across the square on a raised platform a band began to play a rousing shanty. The level of noise and horseplay lowered somewhat but didn't quiet entirely as a pirate with a bullhorn stepped onto the center of the stage. \"Pirates, buccaneers and scurvy rogues!\" His voice echoed over the cheering of the crowd. \"Put your hands together for the PIRATE KING!\" He swept a charismatic hand toward the massive hovering shell that lowered itself to the raised deck. The unusual transport slowly cracked open and the massive, sequined ruler of Blood Island leaped out with a roar that shook the bleachers. Cheers, whistles and hat waving erupted from the stands. \"WELCOME PIRATES!\" He boomed in a voice so loud that it knocked several spectators from their seats. \"Are you ready for some action?\" The answer was deafening and unanimous. They were indeed ready for some excitement. \"Pirate Captain! Bring your contestant out!\" Darwin tried to make a run for it but the Captain grabbed him by the back of his collar and dragged the struggling scientist to the center of the square. Number Two followed close behind them looking seriously concerned. It was almost time to begin and they still had no definite plan of action. The Captain pulled a panicking Darwin up beside him, keeping a firm hold on him so he couldn't escape. Charles stopped struggling and began to hyperventilate. He glanced back at the crew who stood on the edge of the crowd. They smiled and waved. The Pirate with Gout gave him a thumbs up. This wasn't possible. Why were they doing this to him? Was it some kind of punishment for betraying them and stealing Polly? Feign forgiveness and friendship, lull him into a false sense of security, then humiliate him and have him thrown to the sharks? Deep down he knew that wasn't the case but he couldn't keep it from crossing his mind. After all he was about to die and his shipmates seemed perfectly content to watch. The Pirate King swept one gigantic hand toward Darwin. \"Today we will see if this lad deserves the honor of being called a pirate! Is he a genuine terror of the high seas or a landlubber that's only good for shark bait?\" It was quite clear what the audience thought he was. Darwin shrank a little closer to the Captain as the crowd jeered, booed, laughed and threw things in his general direction. A horseshoe clanged at his feet and a rotten tomato caught him full in the side of the head. The Captain's grip on his shoulder tightened. He wasn't sure if it was a protective gesture or simply to keep him from escaping. \"This evaluation will consist of five tests. When he fails more than one our sharks will have a new friend. The first test will be with cutlasses!\" The Pirate King thundered. \"To pass he must battle these ten pirates for five minutes…\" A group of pirates filed out into the open square. They sized from a tiny fellow about half Darwin's size to a burly black-bearded pirate the size of a gorilla. Every one of them looked as if they chewed nails for breakfast and kicked puppies for fun. Each held an extremely sharp-looking weapon. \"…without dying.\" \"Ten!\" Charles squawked. \"How can that possibly be fair?\" \"Whoever told you pirates were fair was probably speaking of our looks and not our ideals.\" The Captain whispered. \"But don't worry, Chuck.\" He gave Charles a wink. Aloud he said. \"Pirate King!\" He raised a hand to get the big man's attention. \"Before we start I have a devilishly clever suggestion.\" The Pirate King crossed his arms impatiently. \"And that is?\" \"Well, as Chuck here is an absolute whiz with a cutlass and these poor fellows don't stand a chance against him…\" Charles stared at the Captain as if he had gone completely mad and Number Two frowned curiously, certain this was the unraveling of 'the Plan'. \"…I propose we toss the cutlasses and substitute broomsticks. No use losing ten perfectly good pirates, you know.\" The Captain pulled a broomstick cut to the length of a cutlass from his beard and brandished it about in demonstration. There was a lot of booing this idea. It was clear the audience wanted bloodshed. \"Hmm. \". The Pirate King nodded thoughtfully. \"Sporting of you to give your opponents the edge. Very well! A broomstick against cutlasses ought to even the odds!\" \"Wait!\" The Captain held up a hand. \"That's not exactly what I had in mind!\" But it was too late the Pirate King had already made the announcement and wasn't about to change. Black Bellamy, sitting in the front row of the bleachers, was laughing so hard he nearly fell off the bench. \" That's your plan?!\" Number Two couldn't help but shout. \"Well, that wasn't precisely how it was supposed to go.\" The Captain admitted with a shrug. \"I was rather hoping the other fellows would be using broomsticks as well. Ah, well, no use crying over spilt grog. Hold out your hand, Chuck.\" He pulled something pink and squishy from his pocket and without waiting for Charles's consent he grabbed his wrist and shoved a very used piece of bubble gum into his hand. \"Ugh!\" Completely disgusted Darwin tried to pull away but the Captain kept a firm grip on his wrist as he slapped the broomstick into his hand right over top of the gum. The gum was the perfect adhesive, it stuck the wooden pole to Charles hand with the tenacity of an angry crab. The Pirate King held up a giant hand, calling for the immidate attention of the audience. A drum roll vibrated over the square punctuating the significance of the burly pirate's words. \"The test will begin in FIVE!\" The line of ten pirates put on their scariest faces, most of which would make babies cry, and readied their weapons. \"This can't be happening. This can't be happening.\" Charles mumbled, certain his knocking knees would give out on him. His heart was pounding so hard he was certain the whole of Blood Island could hear it thundering in his chest. \" FOUR!\" The audience began to count with him. \"Captain!\" Number Two cried. \"Your plan failed. We need to stop this! Darwin hasn't got a chance!\" \" THREE!\" \"Come on, Number Two, don't get your rigging in a tangle.\" The Pirate Captain reached into his pocket and pulled out a small matchbox. \"TWO!\" \"Goodbye.\" Darwin whispered, sounding as if he were about to cry. \"It was nice knowing you...most of the time.\" \"ONE!\" In one swift motion the Captain pulled back Darwin's collar, opened the matchbox and dumped several weevils down the back of his shirt. \"Good luck, lad.\" He patted him on the back and gave him a hard shove toward the center of the square. \" GO!\" The Pirate with the Scarf watched in horror as the row of bloodthirsty pirates bore down on the little scientist like a herd of stampeding cattle. If the Captain wasn't going to stop this he would. He started forward, reaching for his cutlass but was yanked back by the scarf. \"Hold on, lad.\" The Captain ordered. \"Sit back and watch the show.\" Number Two was about to say something harsh when he saw just exactly what show the Captain meant. It was the last thing he had expected under such circumstances. Darwin was…dancing? He was jumping around in circles, his arms flailing wildly, looking as if he were some wild native stomping around a fire, either that or an old lady trying to kill a fly with a broomstick. His screaming was mostly unintelligible but some of it sounded rather like: \"Get them out! Get them out!\" Charles had completely forgotten about the pirates. Oh, somewhere in the back of his mind he knew they were there. But things were crawling on him! Natural reflexes coupled with his knowledge of just how many insects and arachnids in the area were poisonous had him clawing frantically at the little things that were now in his sleeves, on his back and in his pants. \"Look out!\" The Pirate with the Scarf shouted as the burly, black-bearded pirate charged at Darwin from behind. WHUMP! The broomstick, still attached to Darwin's hand swung back, mostly of its own accord, and caught the big man in the stomach. He went down with a crash, moaning like a sick cow. THWACK! Another smaller pirate flew backward, and dropped his cutlass, another fell to his knees, holding a bloody nose. It seemed Darwin's frantic spinning and floundering made him virtually invincible. A pirate couldn't get near him without catching that broomstick in an inconvenient place. Pirates flew through the air one after another landing in a pathetic, groaning heap on the edge of the square. The crowd loved it. Where only moments before they had been jeering, the audience was now avidly cheering him on. The Pirate Captain and his crew were cheering the loudest. \"Keep going, Chuck! Only a couple more!\" The Captain shouted. \"To your left! Look out! Behind you!\" The Pirate with the Scarf couldn't help shouting assistance. He was just sure that someone was going to run a cutlass through Darwin's dubious defenses. Mr. Bobo was doing much the same but in pantomime. \"There you go, lad!\" The Pirate with Gout pumped both fists as if he were fighting himself. \"Give 'em a left!\" \"Gooooo Darwin!\" The Albino Pirate cried at the top of his young voice. The Pirate with the Accordion played an Irish fighting tune. \"Time!\" Shouted the pirate with the stopwatch. An alarm sounded announcing the end of the test. Darwin staggered to a stop, panting from exertion as the last weevil crawled out of his sleeve. The crew quickly surrounded him. \"Are you alright?\" Number Two asked. \"I-I think so.\" Charles wobbled a little on his feet. \"We knew you had it in you!\" The Pirate with Gout ruffled Darwin's hair. \"Why didn't you tell us you could fight like that?\" Asked the Surprisingly Curvaceous Pirate with hands on his ample hips. \"He was just waiting for the right time!\" Said the Pirate who likes Sunsets and Kittens. \"You were amazing!\" The Albino Pirate gaped at him with a look of complete wonder. The Pirate King rose from his throne on the stage. \"An impressive display!\" He shouted. \"I don't believe I've seen anything like that since Pegleg Pete battled that giant lobster!\" His laugh shook a couple cobblestones loose. \"Congratulations! You passed the first test!\" The crowd cheered some more. \"You see, lad?\" The Captain gave Charles a friendly punch in the chin that nearly broke his jaw. \"Didn't I tell you?\" Darwin rubbed his jaw, staring at both the Captain and the pile of semi-conscious pirates that groaned on the cobblestones. \"What happened exactly?\" \"You beat the pants off 'em. With just a little help from a certain luxuriantly-bearded pirate.\" The Pirate Captain polished his nails smugly and gave Darwin a little wink. \"I have to admit, Captain,\" Said the Pirate with the Scarf. \"You had me really worried there for a minute.\" Darwin was still staring at the mound of pirates who were now starting to get up and hobble out of the square. \" I did that?\" He looked back to the broomstick and gum still stuck firmly to his hand. \"Certainly.\" The Captain said cheerily. \"You just needed the right motivation.\" One of the weevils—the one who had hidden in Charles' hair—decided perhaps it was safe to come out now and crawled out onto Darwin's face. Needless to say Charles noticed this right away. \"Aah!\" He went to slap at it. Unfortunately he completely forgot about the temporary extension to his hand and whacked himself full in his ample forehead with a very solid wooden pole. He went down like a sack of dead fish. The crew stared down at the now-unconscious scientist at their feet. \"Good thing that didn't happen three minutes ago.\" Number Two said. The Captain nudged him with his boot. \"Come on, Chuck. No lying down on the job. We've still got four more tests to win.\"[Chapter 5] First there was nothing but a vague throbbing. Some time later voices slowly faded into existence. \"That's some bruise.\" \"He's alright, isn't he?\" \"He's fine. But I'll bet he'll have a whale of a headache.\" \"Let him take the next test in his sleep. I always eat better in my sleep.\" \"He's not waking up.\" \"Perhaps he needs a little incentive. Alright, Mr. Bobo. Let him have it.\" SPLOOSH! Darwin bolted upright gasping and sputtering, a cascade of cold water snapping him instantly awake. His first thought was that he had been thrown in with the sharks and he nearly started swimming. But as his conscious mind took a firm hold he realized he wasn't actually underwater but merely drenched, sitting in a puddle on the cobblestones looking very much like a drown rat. Mr. Bobo stood beside him with an empty bucket looking quite entertained, the rest of the pirate crew standing just behind him. \"Up you go, lad.\" The Captain grabbed Darwin's hand and yanked him to his feet. \"Oooh.\" Charles moaned just a little. He put a hand to his head and winced. It felt as if someone had beaned him with the main mast. A red line stretched from between his eyes to his hairline, neatly bisecting his forehead. \"I think his forehead is swelling.\" Remarked the Surprisingly Curvaceous Pirate. Albino Pirate shook his head. \"No. It always looks like that.\" \"So, Chuck,\" The Captain threw an arm around the little scientist's shoulder. \"Ready for some ham?\" Charles blinked at him, still not completely cognizant. \"Um…no. I'm not particularly hungry.\" A few pirates in the surrounding crowd overheard and gasped in horror and indignation. The Captain gave him a smart 'smack' in the back of the head. \"Have you completely lost your barnacles?\" The Captain hissed in Darwin's ear. \"Don't go around refusing ham! \" Then he turned to the crowd, patting Darwin on the top of the head. \"Poor little fellow took quite a blow. Not himself yet, you know.\" Darwin slapped the Captain's hand away, now quite conscious enough to be annoyed. \"Don't worry.\" The Albino Pirate said excitedly. \"You'll love this next test!\" \"W-what makes you think that?\" Darwin was already getting nervous. The more he thought about these tests and what awaited him if he failed the more his stomach churned. \"You get to eat ham!\" The young man clapped his hands excitedly, clearly wishing it were him taking the test. Darwin's face turned a little green. So that's what the Captain had meant. It was part of the next test. He placed a hand on his troubled midsection. He would lose this one for sure. There was a hand on his shoulder. \"Don't worry.\" The Pirate with the Scarf smiled. The confidence in his voice was genuine this time. Darwin guessed he must have been let in on this particular plan. \"We've got it covered.\" \"We've arranged some helpers for ye'.\" The Pirate with Gout added. \"Eat as much as you can until we come out with the distraction.\" Number Two continued quietly so the crowd around couldn't hear. \"Then shove the rest under the table.\" Charles frowned a little. \"Won't they check under the table?\" Most of these pirates weren't exactly the crème of intelligent life but surely they were smart enough to cover their bases. \"There won't be nothin' to find.\" The said the Surprisingly Curvaceous Pirate, his voice dripping with the glee of conspiracy. Now Charles was even more confused. He wished they would come right out and tell him what they were going to do. He was about to ask just that when Black Bellamy's voice rose above the surrounding crowd. \"Yo!\" Bellamy sauntered up to Darwin and Pirate Captain. Darwin stiffened but held his ground. \"Nice show, little man.\" He said with a nod of approval. Darwin blinked. That hadn't been what he had expected from this man. \"Um…what?\" \"That bit with the broomstick.\" The black-mustached pirate hooked a thumb over his shoulder. \"Don't think I've ever seen fighting like that.\" Darwin swapped a suspicious glance with the first mate. \"Er…thank you.\" \"Yep. Best cheating I've ever seen. I still can't figure how you managed it.\" Charles took in a small breath and looked up at the Pirate Captain who seemed completely unconcerned by the accusation. The crew however shuffled their feet and shared nervous glances. \"Now, now, Bellamy.\" The Captain wagged a finger at him. \"You know cheating is against the rules…in this test, anyway.\" \"Which is exactly why I'll be watching you.\" Bellamy gave both the Captain and Charles a long hard glare. \"Why, thank you.\" The Captain said with a cheery grin and a punch to Bellamy's arm. \"Chuck, here is sure to give you a good show.\" The goateed pirate narrowed his eyes and raised his voice for the surrounding pirates to hear. \"Dude, are you going to get on with this thing or stand here playing tiddlywinks?\" The Pirate King rose from his throne on the stage. He too looked impatient. \"Pirate Captain, is your contestant ready and sufficiently conscious?\" \"Oh, yes.\" The Captain grabbed Charles arm and pulled him up to the table. \"He was just taking a bit of a breather. Must do that every now and then, you know.\" The Pirate King nodded as if only somewhat satisfied by that answer. \"The second test will evaluate not only the contestant's appetite but also his love for ham!\" The crowd cheered, some screaming their love for ham at the top of their voices while others waved their 'ham! It's what's for dinner tonight!' pennants. The Pirate King motioned one bejeweled hand to the picnic-like table that had been placed in the center of the square. Draped over and hanging clear down to touch the cobble-stoned street was long, once white, tablecloth that sported several mismatched patches. Sitting in the center was a plate piled high with four gigantic steaming hams. \"Any pirate worth his belt buckle can eat at least four hams in one sitting.\" There was a general murmur of agreement throughout the crowd. Darwin's thick eyebrows rose as far up his forehead as they could possibly go. Just two of those hams were about as large as he was. There was no possible way he could eat four ! He glanced worriedly over to the crew. The Pirate with the Scarf seemed to notice his distress and pointed downward mouthing the words 'remember—under the table'. Charles was still thoroughly confused about this plan of theirs. Surely as soon as the table was moved they would be found out. But he nodded anyway. Perhaps there was more to this plan than they had time to explain. He hoped so. \"And so,\" The Pirate King continued. \"If this little fellow can down four hams within the allotted time he passes.\" \"If not we'll start popping the popcorn!\" Someone from the crowd added. The comment was met with raucous laughter from the rest of the audience. The Captain led Charles to the chair and sat him down at the table. The little scientist ventured a peek under the tablecloth and nearly fell out of his chair. Three pairs of eyes stared back at him, three shiny black noses twitched and three tongues lolled and drooled hungrily. He quickly dropped the tablecloth back in place, hoping no one else had seen the efficient disposal hidden under the table. Dogs. It was pretty brilliant actually, Charles thought in surprise. That is if no one saw them and that there would be a sufficient amount of distraction for him to get the food from off the table to under it without being noticed. But considering the massive crowd that surrounded him and would be watching his every move that was a pretty big 'if'. The Pirate King motioned to the pirate with the stopwatch who held it at the ready. \"The test begins in FIVE !\" The audience counted down with him. The Captain pulled a large bib with 'I 3 ham' written on it and tied it around Charles neck. \" FOUR!\" Darwin readied himself by picking up the two utensils beside his plate and realized to his dismay that they were a butter knife and a spoon. He would have to eat with his hands. \" THREE!\" Bellamy and Cutlass glanced at each other briefly with the understanding that neither of them would take their eyes off Darwin for a second. If he cheated they would know. \" TWO!\" Mr. Bobo held up two notecards and gave Darwin an encouraging smile. Think. Hungry. \" ONE!\" Darwin picked up one of the bulging hunks of meat. Under such circumstances it was the most intimidating piece of food he had ever encountered. \" GO!\" And Charles instantly began stuffing his face, tearing off as big of bites as he could manage and swallowing scarcely before he had time to chew. His stomach was already a little queasy and he had to force each bit. This was absolutely barbaric! Most of the crowd booed at his small bites but after his last victory there was a noticeable percentage that were cheering him on. The Pirate Captain and his crew were, of course, among them. \"Come on, Chuck!\" The Captain shouted, honestly appalled at rate Charles was eating. \"Eat like you mean it!\" \"Aw. He's tryin', Captn'.\" Said the Surprisingly Curvaceous Pirate looking as if he felt a bit sorry for the little guy. \"That's ten times better than he eats on the ship.\" \"Usually you can only get about half a sandwich down him at a time.\" The Pirate with Gout remarked. \"We ought to threaten him to eat more often.\" The Captain shook his head. \"For heavens sake! Polly eats faster than that!\" The Albino Pirate was beginning to look a little concerned. \"I think he's turning green.\" The Pirate with the Scarf had taken note of just how ill their crewmate was looking as well. \"Captain, perhaps now would be a good time.\" The Captain nodded in agreement. \"I'm right ahead of you, Number Two!\" Charles had nearly finished the first ham and already felt as if his stomach would either explode. It seemed as if he had been eating forever, one bite after another of the meat that…would…never…end. After this was all over—if he survived—he would never be able to look ham in the face again. And right now he wasn't certain he could physically take another bite without swooning. Just when he was about to drop the meat and surrender, death by sharks or no, his rescue came. The Pirate Captain leaped onto the table and with an over-dramatic look of horror screamed: \"Great Neptune's braided beard! It's Jack the Ripper battling a horrendous octopus!\" Everyone within a half-mile radius turned to look…including Darwin. A commotion quickly grew through the crowd as a figure in a top hat and black cloak tumbled through the street, vigorously contending with—at Darwin' best guess—a huge tangle of rubber tubing. The fellow growled, roared and shouted nautical curses at the 'beast' as he rolled through the streets. Even though he had been waiting for it it took Darwin half a second to realize that this was his cue, the distraction he had been waiting for. As quickly as he could he snatched the plate with the remaining hams and dumped them under the table where they were instantly gobbled out of existence. With one swift move he placed the plate back on the table…and froze. Bellamy stood with both arms crossed and his narrowed eyes fixed directly on Darwin. The little scientist felt his pulse quicken and he started to sweat. With all the willpower he had he swallowed that last mouthful of ham with an audible 'gulp'. Had he seen? A moment later an alarm sounded announcing the end of the test and the entire crowd turned their attention back to Darwin and the now-empty plates. A cheer erupted across the square. With a triumphant grin the Captain hopped down from the table and pulled Charles to his feet. \"Congradulations!\" The Pirate King bellowed from the platform, his voice vibrating over the gleeful audience. \"It seems you have passed the second test!\" Despite the lurching in his stomach Darwin smiled as the boat's crew gathered around to shake his hand. \"Hold on! Hold on!\" Bellamy stepped onto the table, waving both hands. The crowd turned to hear him. \"There's something fishy here! And I'm not talking about the bay.\" \"Bellamy, what is this?\" The Pirate King raised a dubious eyebrow. The goateed pirate hopped off the table. \"Take a look at this!\" With a flourish he ripped the tablecloth away. Darwin gasped, certain they had been caught. But there was nothing to see. The only thing beneath the table was the cobblestone street and one lone hambone. Nobody noticed the Albino Pirate shooing three four-legged pirates with wagging tails off the square. The Pirate King shoved both hands on his hips impatiently. \"And…?\" Bellamy's dark eyebrows lowered dangerously, his hand tightening around the tablecloth. He shot the Pirate Captain a squinting glare that had daggers and explosives written all over it. But he shrugged it off as he turned to the Pirate King. \"Just sayn' that this thing could really use a wash.\" He held up the tablecloth lamely. Cutlass rolled her eyes and Bellamy shrugged. It was the best he could come up with on short notice. The Pirate King chose to ignore them. \"The next test will begin in ten minutes!\" He announced and at once several pirates came out onto the square to remove the table and set up the equipment for the following trial. \"Marvelous job, Chuck.\" The Captain said proudly patting the young man on the back. \"Ye did fine!\" The Surprisingly Curvaceous Pirate marched up wearing a black cloak and carrying a top hat under his arm. Charles smiled weakly, still feeling as if his midsection was three times the size it should be. The Captain nodded in agreement. \"When this business is over we'll have a special ham nite to celebrate. What do you think of that?\" Charles turned a deeper shade of green, clamped a hand over his mouth and hurried off to shove his head into the nearest rain barrel. \"Perhaps we shouldn't mention ham for the next few days.\" Number Two suggested, wincing in sympathy as the little scientist threw up again. \"Nonsense, Number Two. Ham is the best medicine on four legs!\"[Chapter 6] Cutlass Liz cocked a hip and gave Black Bellamy a serious look. \"You're sure he's cheating?\" \"Well, yeah! \" Both his black eyebrows raised in a 'no duh' expression. \"Listen, babe, do you really think one little library lizard with a broomstick could wreck that much havoc on ten of our roughest pirates all by himself ? I mean we are talking about the same little nerd...you've seen him right?\" She glared for a moment, considering running him through for calling her 'babe'. Instead she said, \"So what are we going to do about it?\" \"We even the odds.\" He gave her a cocky grin and held up a large wrench. \"You're not going to throw up again, are you lad?\" The Pirate Captain eyed Darwin suspiciously as if not quite sure what to make of him. \"No. No I'm alright now.\" Darwin swept a few loose strands of hair back in place, trying to pull himself together after the commotion of the last two tests. He and the crew stood in the fringes of the crowd near the line of buildings at the edge of the square. A hotdog selling pirate ambled by shouting his wares and the moment Darwin caught one sniff of the steaming meat he wrapped both arms around his stomach. Okay so maybe he wasn't as alright as he thought he was. \"Gee,\" The Albino Pirate stared at Charles with a mixture of concern and confusion. \"I've never seen anyone get sick after eating ham before.\" \"Nor I.\" Added the Pirate with Gout.\" \"It's just not natural.\" The Surprisingly Curvaceous Pirate shook his head as if completely ashamed of Darwin's behavior. \"Yep.\" Said the Pirate with the Accordion. \"Ham's good for what ails ye.\" \"As beneficial as the properties of ham are...\" Darwin rolled his eyes just a bit at the pirate's ridiculous obsession. \"The amount of ham one consumes should not exceed the capacity of one's stomach.\" The Pirate with the Scarf jumped in, defusing the conversation before it escalated into an argument or a full-blown brawl. Mr. Bobo dropped his popcorn, disappointed. \"This next test should be easy.\" He managed to insert himself between Darwin and the rest of the crew who were clearly annoyed over his ham-insulting remarks. \"All you have to do is light the cannon's fuse. That's all. We'll manage the rest.\" Darwin looked from the first mate to the captain. He was still a little dubious of their plans but, despite all reason and logic, they had worked so far. But this time he didn't want to be in the dark. \"So how exactly will this work?\" \"It's a brilliant plan, actually.\" The Captain answered, not missing the opportunity to flaunt his genius. \"You see while you're down here missing the target we'll have another cannon up there behind you—don't look. It's not there yet.—that will hit the bulls eye right on.\" \"So no matter where you are aiming there will be a cannonball that hits the target.\" Number Two finished. Darwin nodded. The principal was sound. But there was something that bothered him. \"Are you sure no one will see you?\" \"Naw.\" The Pirate with Gout waved the hand that wasn't holding his crutch. \"We'll be behind Dr. Yanks dental barber shop.\" He hooked a thumb over his shoulder where on top of one of the shops was a huge sign that was a cutout of a grinning pirate with a fancy braided beard and a missing tooth. The hole for his tooth was just about the right size for a cannon barrel. \"Speaking of which,\" Number Two glanced at his wrist. \"It's about time we head up there. It will take a bit to carry the cannon up those stairs.\" Darwin nodded absently then suddenly frowned. \"Wait…wait a moment.\" He grabbed the Pirate with the Scarf by the sleeve. \" You're not going to carry any cannon up any stairs!\" Number Two patted the air with both hands. \"Not so loud.\" The little scientist did lower his voice but kept the scolding tone. \"You can't go around lifting things with that side of yours. I don't want to stitch you up again. I nearly had heart failure doing it the first time.\" After Darwin had removed the bullet from the first mate's side the Captain had appointed him official ships doctor. And although he didn't particularly want the assignment he had been taking his job very seriously. The Pirate with the Scarf smiled just a little. He was usually the one looking out for the crew, it was part of his job. To have this little biologist telling him what and what not to do and worrying over him all the time was both amusing and just a little tiresome. \"I wasn't going to. Now quit fussing over me and worry about lighting that fuse.\" With that he, Mr. Bobo and the Pirate with a Hook for a hand hurried off toward one of the buildings and quickly disappeared into the crowd. \"Citizens of Blood Island!\" The Pirate King's voice rumbled across the square demanding immediate attention and knocking several pirate's hats right off their heads. Charles swallowed hard as the Pirate King announced that it was time for the third test. \"The object if the third test is to hit that target.\" Charles shaded his eyes and squinted into the distance where a bullseye had been painted onto a palm tree. He would have never seen it if he didn't know where it was. The Pirate King motioned to the cannon that now stood in the center of the square. It stood on two large cart wheels and was much bigger than any of the cannons on the boat. \"You may begin.\" \"Alright, Chuck, off you go.\" The Captain gave his newest crewmember a slight shove but then suddenly changed his mind and yanked him back by the collar. He looked down at Charles very seriously. \"You can light a fuse can't you?\" Charles raised one eyebrow. \"Yes, Captain. I think I can manage that on my own.\" \"Good lad.\" The Captain patted Charles brusquely on the head. He pulled a small, silver lighter from his beard and slapped into the little scientist's hand. \"Here you are. It's never failed me yet.\" Charles nodded his thanks and headed for center of the square, willingly this time. He knew the plan now and so far things had worked out. Halfway to the cannon he realized something. The crowd was still noisy and ill mannered but it seemed that more of the pirates were now cheering than they were booing and only a few tomatoes were tossed in his direction. He smiled nervously and waved. Now that complete terror had waned a bit he had time to feel a little uncomfortable with being the center of attention. That was when he noticed Black Bellamy in the front row of the bleachers. Bellamy was clapping too, a slow deliberate clap with an I-know-something-you-don't-know smile that made Darwin shudder. Cutlass Liz sat beside him looking board and confident. They both looked far too smug for his liking. He swallowed hard but managed to concentrate on what he was supposed to be doing. He made a big show of evaluating the target and estimating the trajectory, holding a thumb up to gauge the distance. It took just a bit of effort, but he also shifted the cannon a bit as if he were lining it up with the mark. \"Good going, Chuck!\" The Captain called from the sidelines. \"Don't forget to check the wind!\" The Surprisingly Curvaceous Pirate suggested. He was quickly shouted down by the crowd for giving unfair advice. With a quick glance at the dentist/barber shop sign behind him -he hoped the crew had the cannon set up by now—he flipped open the lighter. There was a roar and a burst of flame. He yelped and leaped back, reflexively flinging the lighter away from him. The audience laughed and a few of them made chicken noises at him. This was positively the ficklest group Charles had ever encountered. Why, they were even worse than the attendents of the science fair! \"Sorry Chuck!\" The Captain shouted. \"Should have warned you. I had it souped up a bit. Doubles as a blowtorch, you know.\" Charles grumbled a bit as he snatched the lighter off the ground and lit it, this time expecting the miniature explosion. He squinted, trying to keep himself as far behind the cannon as he dared with a finger in one ear and stretching his other arm out to light the fuse. The wick fizzled loudly as it caught, sparkling as it ate its way down. Charles backed up, closed his eyes and shoved both fingers in his ears. He didn't particularly like canons. They were so...loud. But apparently this one wasn't. The crackling of the fuse flickered weakly and went out. When he didn't hear an explosion he opened one eye than the other then cautiously unplugged his ears. At this anticlamtic lull in the action the crowd very quickly grew restless and a bit hostile. If this little fellow couldn't even light a fuse properly surely he was the biggest land lubber in history! Darwin held up both hands in a shrug that was equal parts apology and bewilderment as random objects began flying in his direction again. He hurried back to the cannon, dodging a flying hot dog as he went. He leaned a bit on the big gun to get a better look at the fuse. The moment he put his weight on the cannon the wheels slipped from the axle and the entire apparatus toppled over with a loud clatter taking Darwin down with it. Apparently there was some spark left as the cannon's fuse hissed back to life. A split second later it let out a roaring BOOM. The cannon and ball shot in opposite directions. With its stand and stopper in a crumpled heap the force of the explosion sent the metal cylinder shooting backwards with a screaming Charles still on top of it. The butt end of the cannon, being far heavier than the front, hit the cobblestones and came to an abrupt halt, bucking its reluctant rider violently off. Darwin careened backwards somersaulting so quickly it was impossible to tell which end of him was which. The pirates tried to scatter but Charles hit the Captain and crew and the lot of them toppled like bowling pins. It took a bit for the crew to untangle themselves. The Pirate who likes Sunsets and Kittens pulled an accordion off his face and rolled off the top of the pile. Albino spit out bits of orange fuzz from the Curvy Pirate's beard while the Pirate with a Gout pulled his good foot from the Captain's beard. Polly scurried circles around the group, squawking and flapping her puny wings. The Captain sat up as Albino rolled off of him. \"Blast! Where in Neptune's nostril is my hat?\" There was a muffled groan from beneath him and the Captain looked down to find himself sitting on a very squashed-looking Darwin. \"Mmmph hnnfff!\" \"Pardon?\" The Captain asked curiously, not bothering to move as he glanced about for his hat. \"I can't hear you when you've got your nose to the pavement.\" Charles managed to turn his head slightly so his mouth was free but both the right side of his face and his chest were still being ground into the cobblestones by the Captains back end. \"Get off!\" He managed to gasp with what little air was still left in his lungs. \"Oh.\" The Pirate Captain hopped up and dusted himself off, completely ignoring the thunderous laughter that shook the square. It seemed that Charles mishap was taken as high quality entertainment. \"Thoughtful of you to break my fall like that, lad. But it really wasn't necessary.\" Darwin clamped a hand to his chest and gulped for air. Being on the bottom of a pirate pile was certainly not something he had ever expected to experience. In fact being on any level of a pile of pirates was quite a novelty. And now that he knew what it was like he intended to put it on his list of things to avoid like the plague. \"Splendid job, Chuck!\" The Captain picked up Polly who still seemed a bit rattled but she calmed down a bit as he placed her on his shoulder. \"Although I think you went a little overboard with the theatrics. No need to overdo it you know.\" \"I'll keep that in mind.\" Darwin mumbled. \"How did you manage to get the thing to crumble like that?\" \"Yeah!\" The Albino Pirate put in excitedly as if it were the most incredible thing he had ever witnessed. \"I've never seen a cannon fall apart like that before!\" Darwin's dark eyebrows lowered and he leaned close with a conspiratory whisper. \"I think it was tampered with.\" The Captain's eyes narrowed. \"You mean you think someone is cheating? Now what kind of scoundrel would go around rigging a contest?\" \"You mean like we're doing?\" The Albino Pirate asked innocently. \"Exactly!\" \"I'm sure I know who-\" \"What a unique display of marksmanship!\" The Pirate King boomed, a laugh still in his deep voice. Darwin and the crew turned to face the stage as the ruler of Blood Island spoke. \"Very entertaining!\" The King went on. \"Do you always fire your cannons like that?\" \"O-only on special occasions.\" Darwin answered, pulling a smile and fidgeting a little. \"Amazingly it appears you have passed this test as well!\" The massive man waved a hand toward where the target used to be. The palm tree was blasted clean in half, a jagged stump was all that remained. The target board lay in red and white splintered pieces on the ground. Charles let out a small laugh. \"That was nothing! W-would you believe I sunk a ship from a mile away?\" The Pirate King cocked an eyebrow as if he wasn't quite sure if he ought to be impressed or skeptical. \"I find that hard to believe.\" Darwin realized he had over done it a bit and his smile became even more nervous. \"Would you believe half…half a mile?\" \"I don't think so.\" \"Well, I-I dropped a cannonball through the ship's dory.\" He shrugged, hoping it would be taken as a joke. It was. The Pirate King put a hand to his ample stomach and roared with laughter. Number Two, the Pirate with a Hook for a hand and Mr. Bobo pushed through the crowd and joined the crew. All three of them were looking particularly proud of themselves. They waved at Darwin. Mr. Bobo gave him a wink and held up two cards: Nice…Shooting. Black Bellamy threw a hand toward the huge gaping hole in the side of Maynard G's Meat Emporium. The wood was recently splintered and dust still hung in the air. On the floor just inside, amid scattered sausages and hamburger patties was a cannonball. No one had noticed that there had been two explosions almost simultaneously; one sent a cannonball conspicuously into the bullseye. But the other ball had gone unnoticed in the commotion and it had ended up here. \"There's proof. They are totally cheating!\" Cutlass Liz cocked an eyebrow as she surveyed the damaged shop. \"I take it you have a plan.\" \"It's time to play dirty.\"[Chapter 7] The Blood Island square had been transformed yet again. The remains of the cannon had been removed and a square wooden platform had been built, raised perhaps two or three feet off the cobblestones. Just in front of this stage sat a long table with three seats and three red buttons attached to a series of ropes and pulleys. These extended to a tall wooden framework directly behind the platform. Darwin and the crew stood on the fringes of the crowd, waiting for the Pirate King to return from a bathroom break. \"Okay, so what's the plan this time?\" Charles asked, his voice a conspiritory whisper. Honestly he was rather getting into the intrigue of it all. And so far the Captain's plans had been, if not exactly brilliant, at least successful. \"No plan.\" The Captain replied airily as he stroked Polly. Charles blinked in surprise. \"Pardon?\" The Captain always had a plan. The crew looked a little bewildered as well. \"You don't need one.\" The Captain explained. \"Not for shanty singing you won't.\" \"Oh, aye!\" The Pirate with Gout punched Charles in the arm. \"Ye've got the best voice on the boat!\" \"Aside from mine, of course.\" The Captain added. \"Well, I…I did take choir in school.\" Darwin smiled, looking as if he couldn't decide if he should be proud or embarrassed by the praise. \"You see? You've got a handle on this one.\" He grinned down at the little scientist with what seemed to be a hint of pride. \"Now, you've been with us long enough. I know you've picked up several rousing shanties. Pick a good one, lad.\" Charles frowned in thought, tapping his chin with one finger. \"Perhaps that one about the mermaids.\" The Captain shook his head. \"No not that one. You always blush when you get to the chorus. Pirates don't blush.\" Darwin felt his cheeks flush and he fiddled with his tie. \"I'd rather forgotten about that part.\" \"There's always that cheery one about putting your right foot in.\" The Captain suggested. \"That one's good.\" Said the Pirate who likes Sunsets and Kittens. \"But 'It Smells Like Dead Fish' has more of a beat to it.\" \"It's My Ham Night and I'll Cry If I Want Too!\" Suggested the Surprisingly Curvaceous Pirate enthusiastically. \"Or 'Blowing Up the Dock of the Bay'.\" Said the Pirate with a Hook for a Hand. \"Nah!\" The Pirate with Gout shook his head and waved a hand. \"Go fer an old standby. Try 'Back in the Crows Nest Again' and ye'll win for sure.\" \"I kind of like the one that goes: 'The waves on the boat go splash, splash, splash-splash, splash, splash…'\" The Albino Pirate waved his hands merrily as he sang, \"The waves on the boat go splash, splash, splash aaaalll across the sea!\" \"That's a good sing-along.\" Remarked the Pirate with the Accordion. \"But he wants something that can show off that voice of his. Like 'Where Has All the Seaweed Gone'.\" I…Am…The…Very…Model…Of…A…Personage…Piratical. \"Oh, come now, Mr. Bobo.\" The Captain said with just a hint of scolding. \"You know he can't speak properly for hours after doing that one.\" \"I think I'll try Blue Suede Boots.\" Charles finally decided. It had a nice beat and he knew it well. The crew still liked their own choices and probably would have argued about them all day but the conversation was cut short as a pirate from the crowd stepped in among them. He went straight to Charles and threw one hairy hand over the startled scientist's shoulder. \"Yer doin' good here, boy!\" He said with a smile that was missing several teeth. Charles managed to wriggle away from him. \"Um…thank you?\" He said uncertainly. \"Have a drink, boy!\" The pirate shoved a large decanter of grog into Darwin's hands. \"I-I really don't…\" Charles began but then remembered how everyone had reacted the day before when he had refused grog. He forced a smile. \"Thank you.\" The Pirate with the Scarf smiled a bit. It seemed that Darwin was growing in popularity. That was what he thought, that is, until he happened to glance to his left and see Black Bellamy at the edge of the crowd. The pirate had a sinister grin and looked as if he ought to have a couple of yellow canary feathers caught in his moustache. This was not an expression he liked on Bellamy at all. He followed the black-mustached pirate's gaze and found that it rested squarely on Darwin. His brows lowered in suspicion then suddenly they shot up nearly into his hat as Darwin lifted the decanter to his lips. \"Darwin, STOP!\" He lunged toward the little biologist but there was a great deal of crowd between him and the rest of the crew. \"Don't let him swallow!\" Mr. Bobo was quick to respond. He leaped onto Charles back and grabbed him by the throat and giving him a sound 'whack' in the back of the head. Darwin choked and managed to spray the majority of the crew with a mouthful of grog. Now, being sprayed with grog was generally a pretty joyous affair. But being sprayed with grog that had previously been in someone else's mouth just wasn't quite as festive. Charles dropped the cup as he reached up both hands to pull Mr. Bobo's hands from his neck with a desperate gasp. The Pirate with the Scarf pushed frantically through the crew, who were still trying to wipe the grog from their faces. \"You didn't swallow any did you?\" \"No.\" Darwin croaked. He would have been annoyed at the manhandling he had just received but he could see the urgency on the first mate's face. \"What's all this, Number Two?\" The Captain asked, sounding a bit put out as he wrung out his beard. \"W…what was it?\" Charles asked, staring nervously at the puddle of liquid at his feet as if it might come alive and bite him. \"P-poison?\" The Pirate with the Scarf shook his head, looking about for the pirate that had offered Darwin the drink but he had effectively vanished into the crowd. \"I'm not sure. But Bellamy was far too happy about you drinking it.\" A scruffy looking little dog wandered into the group, its tongue lolling happily. It yapped at them a couple of times in a doggie voice surprisingly loud for its size. Both the Albino and Surprisingly Curvaceous pirates 'awwwed'. The dog discovered the puddle of grog and began to gleefully lap at the discarded spirits. \"No! Don't drink that.\" The Albino pirate cried in alarm, scooping up the little animal into his arms. \"It's a bad idea to drink things that are poisoned, especially if they're on the ground.\" The pirates watched the little dog intently, waiting for something to happen. But it didn't drop dead or turn green or mutate into some kind of monster. It just sat, panting happily in Albino's arms. They were beginning to wonder if the first mate was wrong until the little thing barked. Well, it tried to bark. Whereas moments ago it had yapped quite loudly, now its little mouth moved but no sound came out. \"Your plan didn't work.\" Cutlass Liz's full lips quirked in a mocking smile. \"It would have worked fine if it wasn't for that blasted first mate.\" Bellamy seethed. This should have been easy. But the Pirate Captain was cheating here and so he had to even the odds or preferably tip them in his favor. \"I have an idea.\" Cutlass held up one tanned hand. \"No. You've failed twice already.\" She said with a bit of contempt creeping into her voice. \"It's my turn.\" \"Alright.\" He snorted. \"Let's see you do better.\" Her eyelids lowered and she gave him a slow smile. \"I will.\" With that she turned away from him. \"Hey. What're you going to do?\" She struck a pose and turned a bit, glancing at him over her shoulder. She batted her long dark eyelashes as she pulled her sword from its scabbard. \"Talk to the judges.\" The crowd cheered as the Pirate King strutted back onto the stage, a bit of toilet paper trailing behind one of his white leather boots. \"Pirates!\" He threw both arms in the air clearly reviling in the attention of the crowd. \"I have been struck with inspiration!\" There was a round of impressed 'ooohs' The Pirate Captain and his crew listened intently, a sense of foreboding descending upon them. The Pirate King continued, his big voice vibrating through the cobblestones. \"Any lubber can sing a shanty!\" The Pirate with the Scarf shook his head a little, knowing what was coming next. \"He's going to change the rules.\" Mr. Bobo held up two notecards. Uh…Oh… \"But can he create a shanty?\" The Pirate King continued. \"What?\" Darwin squeaked, his mouth falling open in alarm. \"The next test will evaluate both the contestant's performance and creative ability.\" The burly monarch announced. \"He will compose a shanty on the spot and our panel of three judges will determine whether it is truly piratical or a jingle for a landlubber.\" He motioned to the two pirates and a mermaid who sat in the judges seats just in front of the stage. They waved cheerfully at the crowd. The audience met the new terms with rowdy enthusiasm. Charles turned frantically to the Pirate Captain. \"He can't do that, can he? Just change the rules like that? I mean, I thought this test was just singing.\" \"He's the Pirate King.\" The Pirate with Gout remarked. \"He can do anything he wants.\" \"I can't do this!\" Charles cried frantically. \"I can't just come up with a song on the spot. I'm not creative!\" \"Oh, come now, Chuck. Sure you can. Every pirate can do that.\" \"How many times do I have to tell you? I'm not a pirate!\" \"Of course you are.\" \"But I'm not!\" \"Listen here, Chuck. Pirates live on pirate ships, right?\" Darwin gave the Captain a cautious look. \"Um…yes.\" \"And you live on a pirate ship, right?\" \"Well, yes…currently...but…\" \"So according to the strict laws of logic and reason you must be a pirate.\" \"I...\" Charles raised a finger, about to protest but couldn't think of a reply. There was a major flaw in the Captain's reasoning but he just couldn't pinpoint it. He gave up with a sigh. \"We just have to convince everyone else of the fact.\" With that he shoved the little scientist up the steps and onto the stage. Charles looked down at the three judges just below him and gave them a nervous little wave. \"Heh, heh. Um..hello.\" \"So, you think you have what it takes to be a shanty singing pirate, so you?\" Asked the pirate judge named Simon. Charles wanted to scream: 'No! I'm here against my will. Why can't you people leave me alone?' But he couldn't. He just stood there wringing his hands and said: \"Um…I-I suppose so.\" \"Well, show us what you got.\" Darwin just stared blankly at them, his mind feeling as hollow and empty as his spare specimen jars. He couldn't come up with anything ! \"Go ahead.\" The mermaid judge said, making a little shooing motion with her hand. \"Don't be nervous.\" \"Well, go on, Chuck!\" Darwin turned to see the Pirate Captain standing near the stage, cheering him on. Polly sat contentedly on his shoulder, watching the proceedings with only mild interest. Charles turned back to the judges with a forced smile, swinging his arms just a bit as if he really didn't know what to do with them. \"Um…okay. Here it goes.\" And with that he burst into song: \" There was a pirate had a bird and Polly was her name-o! P-O-L-L-Y, P-O-L-L-Y, P-O-L-L-Y, And Polly was her name-o!\" As he sang he did a little soft shoe that was all elbows and knees. Then came the second verse. \" There was a pirate had a bird and Polly was her name-o! *clap* O-L-L-Y, *clap* O-L-L-Y, *clap* O-L-L-Y And Polly was her name-o!\" \"Not bad!\" The Pirate Captain remarked, looking extremely proud of his newest crewmember. \"Not bad at all! Didn't I tell you he could do it, Number Two!\" The Pirate with the Accordion played along with him, adding a little music to Darwin's song. The Albino Pirate was dancing a little and clapping enthusiastically. \" There was a pirate had a bird and Polly was her name-o! This time some of the audience clapped along with him. \" *clap, clap* L-L-Y, *clap, clap* L-L-Y, *clap, clap* L-L-Y And Polly was her name-o!\" At the positive response he was getting Darwin began to gain a little confidence. He danced more enthusiastically and sang a little louder. He had a clean high voice that was easy to sing along to and by the fifth verse the entire square was clapping and singing. \" *clap, clap, clap, clap, clap*, *clap, clap, clap, clap, clap*, *clap, clap clap, clap, clap* And Polly was her name-oooooooo!\" There was a round of thunderous applause and the scattered 'boos' were shouted down and thrown from the bleachers. Charles was grinning like an idiot, extremely pleased with himself and quite amazed at the reception he was receiving. He had won this round. The applause died down and the little scientist faced the three judges. The Pirate judge named Simon spoke first. \"I don't mean to be rude but...That was horrid! Absolutely horrid!\" Charles face fell. The Pirate Captain's crew looked at each other in surprise and the entire audience voiced their disagreement. But the judge continued undeterred. \"I mean I've keelhauled men for shanties like that. Who are you, Mother Goose? Where were the cutlasses, the cannons, the loot? And that jig! What was that? It was like you were in a three penny ballet not on a pirate ship. That is a definite 'no' from me!\" He pushed the red button on the table in front of him and a huge sheet unfurled, hanging from the wooden framework behind the stage. On it was painted a giant, red 'X'. That was one thumbs down. If he got one more he would lose this test. And he was only allowed to lose one. If he failed the test after this he was a dead man. Darwin swallowed hard, glancing nervously over to the pirate crew. The Pirate Captain gave him a big grin and two thumbs up while the Pirate with the Scarf gave him an encouraging nod. Darwin snapped his attention back to the judges table as the mermaid spoke. \"I thought you were adorable.\" She said with a little flip of her tail. The little scientist couldn't keep himself from blushing. \"Really?\" \"The story could have been more exciting but every pirate loves his parrot and I don't believe I've heard a shanty about one before. And I liked your jig. Shows off those skinny little legs of yours.\" Darwin could feel the color rising to his ears and he let out a tiny, self-conscious chuckle as he shuffled his feet. \"I say 'yes'.\" She pushed a button before her and a sheet with a big green 'O' appeared beside the red 'X'. The Pirate Captain's crew cheered The pirate judge who used to be a lifeguard was next. \"It didn't rhyme.\" Was all he said and gave Charles another thumbs down. The crew gasped. \"They didn't like it?\" The Albino Pirate said, looking both worried and confused. \"I thought it was good.\" \"Yes, well, it appears that sinister forces are at work.\" This time it was the Pirate with Gout who noticed the wink and 'thumbs' up Black Bellamy and Cutlass Liz were giving the two judges. \"Well!\" The Pirate King boomed. \"Things are getting interesting!\" Charles stood in the middle of the stage looking as if he would very much like to faint. \"That is one loss, lad!\" The island's monarch said jovially. \"One more and…\" The crowd of pirates began chanting: \"Fish bait! Fish bait!\" The Pirate King seemed pleased by this. \"Mast Climbing, the next and final test will begin in one hour!\" Pirates began to trickle down out of the bleachers and into the streets. Some off to get a bit of lunch, others simply to stretch those stiff wooden limbs that had been sitting for so long. The Pirate with the Scarf came up and steered a stunned Darwin off the stage. \"Don't worry. Everything will be alright. I'm sure the Captain has another plan.\" Charles just gave a little whimper. \"Alright, Captain, what's the plan for 'mast climbing'?\" The first mate asked, hoping it would be something that would encourage their 'ship's doctor'. The Captain fidgeted with the belt buckle at his chest for a moment before confessing. \"I-I haven't exactly got one.\" The Pirate with the Scarf looked about as stricken as Darwin. \"You can't be serious, sir!\" The Captain frowned defensively. \"Well, I was counting on Charles to pass that last one!\" Charles moaned, dropped his face in his hands and leaned against the stage. He knew very well how ill-equipped he was for this next test. He was a painfully slow climber and he had a tendency to get his feet caught. He was as good shark bait right now. \"But never fear, Chuck!\" The Captain held up an optimistic finger. \"I'm sure I can come up with a brilliant plan in an hour!\"[Chapter 8] Unlike the previous tests the last trial was not to be held in the town square but on the Pirate King's very own ship. The thing was a monarch in it's own right, an enormous, French merchent that dwarfed the other boats in the harbor like a whale swimming with dolphins. The entire assembly had been relocated and the audience was either crowding the ship's deck or lining the boardwalk. Some pirates had even pulled their own ships nearer to the King's and climbed into their rigging or the crows nest for a better view of the proceedings. It was about ten minutes before the final test was to begin and the Pirate Captain and his crew were no closer to coming up with a plausible plan than they were an hour ago. They stood near the ship's railing right under the first web of rigging a little off from the rest of the crowd. \"Coat his hands with glue so he doesn't slip.\" The Surprisingly Curvaceous Pirate offered. \"Good thinking, lad!\" The Pirate Captain exclaimed enthusiastically. The Pirate with the Scarf shook his head. \"That will keep him from falling but it will also keep him from climbing. He'll be glued to one spot.\" The Captain's face fell. \"Yes…yes I suppose that would make a bit of a mess of things.\" \"Tie a rope around 'im and hoist 'im up from the crows nest.\" The Pirate with Gout motioned heaving on an invisible line. \"That sounds like a good plan, doesn't it Number Two?\" The Captain asked hopefully. \"It's too obvious. Everyone will see it and know we're helping him.\" \"What if we had an invisible rope?\" The Captain suggested, sounding quite proud of his idea. \"No one would see it if we had an invisible rope.\" \"Do you have an invisible rope?\" Number Two asked, cautiously hopeful. It was so obsurd but no one ever knew exactly what all the Captain kept in that luxuriant beard of his. The Pirate Captain looked away and fidgeted with his collar. \"Well, not on me. No.\" The Pirate with the Scarf sighed. \"I didn't think so.\" The Pirate with a Hook for a Hand waved his hook in the air in an 'ooh pick me' gesture. \"I say we fire him from a cannon!\" Darwin dropped his jaw in disbelief. \"That…that…No! I'm not—\" \"Unfortunately the test is mast climbing .\" The first mate explained. \"I'm sure that would be against the rules.\" He hated assuming the role of logical wet blanket but they needed a plan that would work. They had to get Charles to the top of the mast in the allotted time without being caught and without the little scientist plummeting to his death. And they had to reach a decision in under...he glanced at his pocket watch...seven minutes. \"I've got a plan!\" Darwin squeaked. \"Why don't I just…hide. Maybe after awhile everyone would just forget the whole thing.\" He stared straight up at the mast. It was taller by half than the mast on the Pirate Captain's boat. The rigging was far more complicated and he was sure he could get lost in that spider web of ropes. There was no way he could climb that in any reasonable amount of time. The Pirate with Gout rolled his eyes and motioned to the crowd surrounding them. Pirates were as thick as barnacles. \"Sure, why not? Slip out. Simple as that. It's not like there's anyone around to notice.\" Darwin glared a bit at the sarcasm but he knew he was right. He was the center of this event and there would be no way he could get away unnoticed. It was plain and simple…he was a dead man. He glance over the railing and swallowed hard. It seemed everyone knew he would fail. A plank had already been set up, the long ten foot board protruding straight out from the side of the ship. Two triangular dorsal fins, both nearly as tall as Charles, hungrily churned the water below. \"You…you know, I've always wanted to study sharks. I-I just never thought it would be the last thing I would do .\" His voice rose to a despondent whine. \"You know, I lost my left leg to a shark.\" The Pirate with a Hook for a hand remarked as if entering a conversation about the weather. \"Or was it my right?\" He looked down at his two wooden legs and scratched his head. \"Well I lost one to a shark. The other I lost in a poker game.\" Darwin let out a wavering whimper, dropped his face into his hands and mumbled to himself. \"Don't worry.\" The Albino Pirate smiled encouragingly. \"Just climb a lot faster than you usually do.\" Black Bellamy stood near the steps that lead to the quarterdeck. His arms were crossed and a pleased smile spread under his black moustache as he gazed up at the mainmast. \"So. Are you sure this plan will work?\" Cutlass Liz stood beside him, clearly unimpressed with his self confidence. \"It's covered, okay? Those ropes are slipperier than a squid with a cold. He gets about two thirds of the way up and he'll be coming back down…fast.\" She looked satisfied but nothing more. She was quiet for a moment, watching the crowd mill about the deck laughing, and spilling grog. \"You know,\" She polished her nails on her shirt. \"Making the little lubber lose isn't going to make the reward for the Pirate Captain disappear. He's still more wanted than you.\" Bellamy's dark eyebrows lowered like brooding storm clouds and his moustache curled into a sneer. \"Listen, babe, you and I both know that little bucket of squid bait they're testing isn't any more a pirate than the Queen's corgis. Second, somebody's got to shoot the Pirate Captain of his high horse! The guy's a loser. You know he's only wanted because of that dumb bird of his.\" He glowered darkly for a moment before his cocky grin returned. \"Besides, I'm doing him a favor. If he really wants to be a successful pirate he's got to learn to not be so attached to his crew.\" A drum roll vibrated across the deck of the ship, silencing the waiting crowd as the Pirate King took his place on the poop deck. The Pirate Captain and his crew looked up from their planning. Darwin's eyes widened in horror and all the color drained from his already pale face, leaving him a ghost white. \"It's starting! We haven't got a plan. What am I going to do !\" His breath started to come in short panicked gasps. \"Calm down Chuck.\" The Captain patted him briskly on the back. \"No use making yourself dizzy.\" \"Welcome pirates to the next and final event in this piratical evaluation!\" The Pirate King honked the ship's horn which played a series of notes from 'Blow the Man Down'. (most ships had a ships bell, but the Pirate King was wealthy enough to have a horn installed) The enormous ship rocked as the crowd of pirates cheered, popped open bottles of grog and threw streamers. \"Will we welcome a new pirate to Blood Island?\" The Pirate King motioned one gigantic hand in Darwin's direction and the little scientist waved weakly. \"Or will we have a long overdue shark feeding?\" \"Sharks! Sharks! Sharks! Sharks!\" Several hundred hairy piratical fists pumped the air in unison. \"Oh…\" Charles shrunk as far into the midst of the Pirate Captain's crew as he could. This congregation seemed so anxious to see a carcharodon feeding frenzy that he wouldn't be surprised if they began throwing random people overboard. He looked up and gasped, his jaw dropping in shock and hurt. \"Mr. Bobo!\" The manpanzee looked down from where he stood on the railing, one fist frozen in the air and looking as if he had caught it in the cookie jar. He grinned sheepishly. Sorry…Mob. Mentality. After a moment the Pirate King motioned for silence and the audience reluctantly complied. \"In this climactic event the contestant will climb the mainmast to the top of the crows nest and back again before five o'clock.\" Darwin pulled out his pocket watch. \"That's only ten minutes!\" He cried and looked in horror up at the endless tangle of rope that seemed to stretch into the heavens. \"That's nothing, Chuck. Any good pirate can do it in half that time.\" \" I'mnotapirate! \" Charles hissed through clenched teeth. \"Pirate Captain, is your crewman ready?\" The Pirate King asked. Darwin shook his head frantically. \"I'm not ready. I'm not ready!\" The Captain ignored him. \"All set!\" Without warning he simply picked Charles up and the little scientist let out a surprised squawk as he was set onto the first line of rigging. \"You can do this, lad.\" Mr. Bobo looked up Darwin seriously and held up two cards. Don't. Die. Darwin couldn't help but roll his eyes just a little. \"Yes. Thank you for that encouragement.\" The Pirate with the Scarf placed a hand on Darwin's shoulder. \"Listen.\" He said gently, making sure he had the little scientist's attention before continuing. \"You'll be alright. We'll make sure of it. Okay?\" Charles looked uncertainly and then at the surrounding crowd. If these fellows wanted to throw him to the sharks he couldn't imagine there being anything the crew could do about it. But the look on the first mate's face was so determined he couldn't help but believe him. He gave a small nod. \" READY!\" The Pirate King bellowed as the pirate drummer began his drum roll again. \"Don't think about the clock. Just think about climbing. One rope at a time.\" \" SET!\" Albino tapped him on the arm. \"Pretend there's a Polly at the top.\" \" GO!\" Someone fired a pistol and Charles started to climb, hand over hand, foot over foot, his heart racing in his ears. He had to keep a steady pace, if he got tangled he probably would never make it. The crew was cheering him on with an enthusiasm they usually reserved for ham night. The Pirate with Gout was waving his crutch, the Pirate with the Scarf had removed his hat and was brandishing it enthusiastically, the Albino Pirate had found a white bit of fabric somewhere and had written 'Drwn' on it and was waving it with all his might. They were all shouting encouragement at the top of their voices. The surrounding crowd was cheering as well, not necessarily because they wanted Charles to succeed but more because pirates just generally enjoy cheering. Although there were quite a few 'boo's and 'go home, lubber' thrown into the mix. Charles tried to hurry, but his progress was painfully slow. He was certainly gaining altitude, though. As much as he didn't like looking down couldn't help it, he had to see where he was placing his feet. The crowd of pirates and indeed the ship itself was shrinking with every step. He tried to keep his breathing steady and tell himself that he was not afraid of heights. After all he had flown in an airship! But there had been a floor beneath his feet then. Now all there was between him and the deck so far below was a few bits of rope. Of course he supposed falling to his death was much preferable to the alternative. He shuddered and nearly slipped. Sharks. He had never been afraid of animals. His scientific curiosity always got the better of him when he was around them. No matter how big or dangerous they were he always wanted to get closer. He had plenty of scars to show for his studies of lions, tigers, even bears. But, oh my, sharks ? It's not that he had anything against sharks and he would have been perfectly happy to observe them from the deck of a boat. Why, if there was a way to observe them safely underwater he would do that too. But to be torn to shreds and eaten alive…that just didn't sit well. \"Neptune's nappy!\" The Captain frowned into his spyglass. \"Can't he climb any faster?\" \"If he goes any faster he'll get himself tangled. You know how he is when he's flustered.\" The Pirate with the Scarf squinted at the rigging above them, his hand shading his eyes. \"If he doesn't go any faster he'll be fed to the sharks.\" \"I wish we could help him.\" \"Yeah, that's not gonna happen.\" Bellamy had appeared out of nowhere. He too was watching Darwin's progress, his arms folded smugly across his chest. \"Not this time.\" The Pirate Captain frowned at the intrusion. Bellamy had been accusing them of cheating since Charles tests had begun. They had been, of course but the other pirate had no proof. \"I'm sure I don't know what you mean.\" Bellamy nodded sarcastically. \"Uh huh, yeah, sure. And I'm sure you know nothing about an extra cannonball or four little dogs?\" The Captain lifted his chin and tried to look disinterested. \"I have absolutely no idea what you're talking about. And it was three little dogs.\" The Pirate with the Scarf dropped his face into his hand with an audible 'smack'. Black Bellamy's grin widened. \"Yeah, that's what I thought!\" The Captain raised a finger and opened his mouth but Bellamy stopped him before he even began. \"Don't try and deny it. I'm not stupid.\" Mr. Bobo rolled his eyes and moved a hairy hand in a seesaw gesture. Number Two's brows lowered suspiciously. \"If you think we're cheating why don't you turn us in?\" He chuckled dangerously. \"Come on, where's the fun in that? No, no, no. It's way more fun to beat you at your own game.\" There was a far-off scream and the surrounding crowd burst out laughing. Bellamy grinned. \"That would be my move.\" Bellamy had had their attention for the moment but now the crew looked up and simultaneously gasped. Charles was perhaps two thirds of the way to the top, upside down and hanging from one foot that appeared to be tangled in the rigging. He was struggling frantically to right himself much to the amusement of most of the crowd below. \"He's going to fall!\" The Albino Pirate brought both hands to his mouth in alarm. Bellamy leaned in so he was in the center of the Pirate Captain's crew. \"I just love beacon grease, don't you?\" Without warning the Pirate with Gout hauled back and caught Bellamy full in the stomach with his crutch doubling the pirate over and leaving him gasping for breath. \"The lad was havin' trouble enough as it is! Now be off with ye!\" With a weak cough Bellamy staggered backward and disappeared into the crowd. All around them pirates were cheering and laughing but the Pirate Captain and his crew simply stared skyward in an anxious silence. It seemed to take forever and a lot of grunting and flailing but Charles finally got himself oriented. He hugged the rope for a moment trying to steady his panicked breathing and trembling hands. He was wasting precious time. With an audible 'gulp' he started climbing again, very carefully and highly aware that someone had spread grease all over the rigging. There was no doubt in his mind who it had been. A frown of determination creased his forehead and he climbed with a renewed determination. He wasn't about to let the scoundrel best him. There was a great roaring cheer as Darwin reached the crows nest. It made him smile for half a second until he realized that they would have cheered just as loud if he had fallen. Instead of climbing down the port ropes he had come up he decided to descend the starboard rigging in hopes it had not been tampered with. \"He's going down the other side.\" The Pirate who Likes Sunsets and Kittens squinted, staring straight up, one huge hand shielding his eyes. Darwin was so tiny up there he could hardly make him out. \"Smart lad.\" The Captain nodded approvingly. \"With a head like that there have got to be plenty of brains in there.\" \"He's goin' faster now!\" The Surprisingly Curvaceous Pirate bounced excitedly on his heels. They watched anxiously as the little biologist scurried downward toward the opposite side of the boat. \"Twenty feet to go!\" The Albino clapped his hands. \"He's going to make it!\" An alarm blared and the Pirate King's voice shook the ship. \"TIME!\" The Surprisngly Curvaceous Pirate clamped both hands over his mouth. \"Oh, no!\" \"Blast!\" The Captain said. \"He was so close!\" Without a second's hesitation the Pirate with the Scarf leaped into the crowd, hurrying as quickly as he could for the other side of the boat, pushing frantically through the sea of bodies. He could hear the crew somewhere behind him, following his lead. \"You have FAILED !\" The Pirate King stabbed an accusing, bejeweled finger at Darwin and several pirates reached up to grab him. \"Aaah! Listen!\" The little scientist cried trying to kick back the huge hairy hands. He started back up the ropes but jarred to a stop as something caught him around the ankle. \"Listen! You seem a reasonable man! Can't—can't a fellow have a-another chance?! This is not fair play!\" He clawed at the ropes, trying to hold on but despite his struggles he was dragged down to the deck. \"You are a LANDLUBBER !\" The crowd booed and roared their indignation. The first mate shouldered his way through the sweaty mass. He had to get to Charles before thy got him out on that plank. This was their fault. The Captain and the crew. They should never have brought him here. He knew this whole trip was a bad idea. He should have been more assertive. \"I can do it!\" He heard Darwin beg. \"Let me try again!\" The Pirate King didn't even acknowledge the plea. \"There is only one fate for lubbers on this island!\" The pirates cheered. Darwin struggled. The Pirate with the Scarf punched through the edge of the crowd. Darwin looked up and saw him, his eyes wide, clearly relieved to see a friendly face. The first mate whipped his cutlass from its scabbard. \"Let him go!\" Suddenly there was an elbow in his ribs. A blinding flash of pain stabbed through him and he crumpled to his knees, his cutlass clattering to the deck. \"It was your right side. I wasn't sure.\" Black Bellamy loomed over him, polishing his fingernails on his green jacket. \"Dude, do you really think you're little group of misfits is going to stop this? There's gotta be, like, five hundred guys on this ship that want some entertainment.\" \"You will WALK THE PLANK!\" The Pirate King's command vibrated through the very timbers of the ship. \"Shark bait! Shark bait! Shark bait!\" Darwin let out a frantic cry as he was lifted off his feet and tossed like a doll over the railing. He landed on his side, the plank bouncing under his weight. He looked down and gasped. The water broiled beneath him, slick grey fins and tails churned the sea as the two massive animals jostled for position. The first mate clutched his side, trying to blink the stars from his vision. He pushed the pain to the back of his mind and forced himself to his feet. If he could just…Before he could take a step two sets of burly arms surrounded him and held him firmly in place. He tried to wretch away but the two men were much bigger than he was. He could hear his crewmates facing the same predicament. Most of them were shouting threats and demanding to be released, a few were pleading, but they weren't making any headway. The Pirate Captain's first thought had been to take the Pirate King captive and force him to let them leave with Darwin in tow. But he hadn't even reached the steps to the upper deck before he had been caught. It seemed the crowd was not taking any chances of Charles' mates attempting a rescue. He fought to get free of three big men, shouting and cursing up a storm. He had lost his cutlass, his coat was rumpled and his hat was trampled somewhere beneath the forest of boots. One pirate had hopped up onto the plank and was enthusiastically waving his cutlass. Darwin edged backwards, glancing nervously at the water below. \"Really, this is just barbaric!\" His voice was high and wavering. \"We're all civilized people here.\" The heel of his shoe hit the edge and threw him off balance. With a startled scream Darwin slipped off the edge of the plank and plummeted out of sight. The Pirate with the Scarf stopped struggling and let his head sink to his chest. They were too late. There was no reason to fight now. There was nothing more they could do. The two big men released him with a chuckling sneer. The Albino Pirate let out a small whimper and buried his face in the Pirate with Gout's shoulder. The Pirate with the Accordion played a mournful tune while the Surprisingly Curvaceous Pirate let out a few petite sniffles. The Pirate Captain wretched away from his captors, who now had no reason to detain him. He rushed to the banister knowing very well the gruesome scene that was below. As much as he didn't want to he had to look. He had to know. He had known very well that Charles wasn't truly pirate material when he had asked him to join the crew. Bringing him to Blood Island had been his idea. What was happening now was his fault. He reached the rail and took in a sudden breath. \"Hold on, Chuck! Hold on! Don't let go!\" There was a collective 'awww' of disappointment from the gathered pirate crowd. For there, at the end of the plank, dangling precariously by one hand, was Charles. \"HELP!\" One of the sharks lunged out of the water, jaws wide. Darwin pulled his feet up just in time to keep them from being snapped off as hundreds of razor sharp teeth clamped shut inches below him. He flailed in the air, trying desperately to get his other hand up to the board. But he didn't have a good grip and he was slipping. Finally his fingers simply couldn't hold him any longer and he fell. A hand caught his wrist. Charles looked up. The Pirate with the Scarf pulled a strained smile and with a groan of effort hauled him back onto the plank just as Wendy leaped from the water and took a giant chunk out of Charles coat. Darwin threw both arms around the first mate and held on with a death grip, looking wide-eyed at the hungry fish below. Number Two let out a pained gasp at the sudden pressure on his side but Charles was quite distracted by the sharks and wasn't about to let go of his lifeline. \"Aah…Let-let go !\" He grabbed both Darwin's arms and tore them off of him. Startled, Darwin released him. Somehow even though they were still hanging over shark infested waters and pirates from the boat were still shouting and throwing things it wasn't quite so frightening with the first mate there. It was only now he noticed the tight look on his friend's face and the way he was clutching his side. \"Oh dear, what have you done?\" \"I'm fine. Really, I'm fine.\" He struggled to his feet, the plank bending slightly under the weight of the two men. If only he hadn't dropped his cutlass at least they could have tried to fight their way back onto the ship. \"As…as the ship's physician….I'll have to have a look at that when—when we get back to the ship.\" Charles stammered; anything to keep his mind off their hopeless predicament. \"I don't think you're going to get the chance.\" Charles peeked around the first mate to see a pirate with an enormous evil grin and a saw. He pressed it to the plank and began to cut. It looked like they were going to drop them both, plank and all, in with the fishes. \"WAIT!\" Shouted the lawyer pirate, who had suddenly appeared on the upper deck beside the Pirate King. \"Did I hear that he's your ships doctor?\" The Pirate Captain hopped up onto the ship's railing so as to be better heard. \"Yes! And a rather good one at that. We only just got him a month or so ago! It would be a pity to lose him already.\" \"What is this?\" The Pirate King bellowed shoving his huge meaty hands on his hips. He had clearly been enjoying himself and was annoyed at the intrusion. The crowd too was quite indignant. The lawyer pirate and flipped through a massive book he seemed to produced from nowhere. \"Aha! Here it is. Under article 47, paragraph 6 of the 'Law of Crew and Shanghiees' it states…\" He cleared his throat and adjusted his spectacles. \" 'The ships physician is exempt from possessing any practical qualifications or skills save the ability to pronounce a crewmember as deceased.'\" \"I can do that!\" Darwin shouted at the top of his voice, frantically waving an arm. Even though they were invisible in the sea of pirates the Captain's crew shouted emphatic agreements. \"Hmm.\" The Pirate King rubbed his chin as the entirety of Blood Island awaited his next words. \"Well, it seems you are at liberty. Our pirate rules protect you.\" \"Can't go against the pirate rules, you know. Excuse me. Pardon me.\" The Pirate Captain added happily, pushing his way through the crowd until he came to the plank and welcomed his two crewmembers back onto the ship. \"Hold on!\" Black Bellamy leaped onto the upper deck. \"Is that it?\" He spoke directly to the audience. \"Come on, all that build up and nothing to show for it? We wanted to see a shark feeding! Are we going to stand for this?\" There was a great chorus of \" NO!\" The Pirate Captain wasn't phased in the least. He hopped up onto the rigging and spoke loud enough that the whole boat could hear. \"I know you're all terribly disappointed and I feel rather bad about that. There's nothing like a good plank walk. But what do you say I make it up to you?\" There was an air of suspicious murmuring. What could he offer that was better than a plank walk, especially one that involved sharks? \"I've got a colossal squid in the hold of our boat and I do believe it is time for another enthralling episode of 'So You Want To Be a Pirate'.\" The entire assembly burst into enthusiastic applause! The Captain gave Bellamy a grin that clearly said 'top that'. \"And!\" He held up an emphatic finger. \"Since you've all been so entertained by him today, Chuck, here can guest star!\" \"I will?\" Charles asked, surprised at the sudden cheers and backslappings he was receiving from pirates who only moments ago had been crying for his head. \"Sure.\" The Captain looked down at him. \"You can spout some of that sciency stuff you're so fond of. Haven't had that on our show before.\" \"That sounds like a marvelous plan!\" The Pirate King agreed. \"But! But!\" Bellamy pleaded but no one was paying any attention. Cutlass Liz casually walked by him and shoved him overboard. \"No! No! Bad fish!\" She leaned on the rail and watched in amusement as he swam frantically for the shore, two gigantic grey fins racing behind. The crew pushed through the crowd surrounding Charles. The Albino Pirate gave him a hug. \"I just knew you weren't going to die!\" The Pirate with Gout ruffled Charles hair. \"Ye did good, lad!\" The Pirate with the Scarf still looked a little pale and his hand was still placed firmly over his left side, but he managed a smile. \"I'm just glad you're alright.\" Mr. Bobo held up a card that said: Hooray! \"You see, Chuck!\" The Pirate Captain threw an arm around the little scientist's shoulder. \"You're a real pirate now! It's in the rules and everything.\" Charles held up a finger to disagree but he stopped. Instead he just smiled and said: \"Sure, Captain.\"[Chapter 9] The Captain's 'So You Want to Be a Pirate' show had been a complete shipwreck. Oh, it had gone alright at first with the Pirate Captain reading his letter and Charles had been quite happy to discuss the wind. But everything went downhill from there. The wind machine had gone completely mad, the Pirate with the Scarf had nearly blown himself up, the colossal squid went on a destructive rampage and to top it off the Pirate Captain had managed to dye the Pirate King's beard green. Considering all Charles was quite surprised everyone still had all their respective body parts. He had treated quite a few bumps and bruises but amazingly no one had been seriously hurt. Then they had gone shopping. Charles had been astonished at how much ham was involved. He had been quite happy to purchase a crate of tea so he didn't have to endure grog all of the time. Now he stood on the ships deck, leaning a bit on the railing as he watched Blood Island shrink into the distance. \"Ahoy, there, Chuck!\" Charles turned a bit and smiled as the Pirate Captain waltzed up to him. \"Captain.\" The Captain glanced at the island for a moment with both hands on his hips. \"Now didn't I tell Blood Island was a lark?\" \"Oh, yes.\" Charles managed to not roll his eyes. \"Loads of fun.\" \"I knew you'd think so!\" The Captain gave him a slap on the back that nearly sent him overboard. \"It's really too bad we only visit once every month or so.\" Charles jerked his head up. \"Every month or so?\" If he ever had to revisit Blood Island it would be too soon. He was going to say more but then he noticed a shuffling behind him. He turned around and nearly jumped out of his skin. The entire crew had come up behind him and were all trying to look as if they weren't up to something. The Pirate with Gout was making a show of tightening a screw on his crutch, Number Two was casually fiddling with his scarf, Mr. Bobo was whistling with both hands behind his back, the Surprisingly Curvaceous Pirate was filing his nails and the Pirate who likes Sunsets and Kittens kept buttoning and unbuttoning the top of his shirt. The Albino Pirate just smiled and waved. Darwin eyed them suspiciously and gave a tiny wave back. The Pirate Captain pretended they weren't there. \"You did a marvelous job with those tests, you know. With my help, of course. And you would have made the last two on your own if it weren't for Bellamy meddling in things.\" Charles smiled a little, still rather disturbed at the way the crew was milling about as if they were waiting for something. \"Um…thank you, Captain. But I-I'm really not cut out for that sort of thing.\" \"Oh, nonsense! You just haven't had enough practice.\" The Captain waved the comment away. \"Besides, it says in the books that a doctor doesn't have to know a think about pirating. Quite handy that line, wasn't it?\" \"It was.\" Charles had long ago given up denying the whole 'doctor' thing. In fact he was rather getting used to the idea. Of course his passion was science, zoology to be specific. But if he could patch up a scrape or treat a cold now and then to earn his keep he was happy to do it. He may not have been up on every latest medical practice but he certainly was more qualified than any of the pirates on the boat. He frowned a little. Now that he thought about it that law had been terribly convenient. \"Are we going to give it to him yet?\" The Albino Pirate spoke up. There was a lot of silencing gestures and shushing from the rest of the crew. Albino shrugged innocently. \"What?\" Darwin glanced warily from the Captain to the suspiciously gathered crew. \"Give me what?\" \"Well we had an elaborate…\" He made a little twiddling gesture as if his hands were searching for the right words. \"…thing planned. But as it was sort of given away.\" He glanced at the Albino Pirate who looked thoroughly ashamed. \"We might as well give it to you now. Mr. Bobo, if you please.\" From behind his back the manpanzee produced a wooden box with a big red ribbon tied around it and handed it to Darwin. The little scientist blinked rapidly, looking completely bewildered. \"What's this for?\" The Pirate with the Scarf shrugged. \"It's a little late but it's rather like a 'welcome to the crew' present.\" \"We would have got you a card too.\" The Albino Pirate swung his arms a little. \"But the only ones left were 'we hope you mend your sails soon' and 'happy shark week'.\" \"They didn't really fit the occasion.\" The Surprisingly Curvaceous Pirate shrugged. \"I…I don't know what to say.\" Charles turned the box over in his hands, shaking it just a bit near his ear. \"Sweet Neptune's doddering grandmother!\" The Captain exclaimed, clearly tired of waiting. \"Don't say anything. Open it, lad!\" With a tiny nervous laugh he untied the ribbon and opened the lid. \"Oh!\" The crew grinned expectantly as Charles reached into the box and pulled out a stethoscope. \"You can't be a doctor without one of those little listening thingies hanging around your neck.\" Charles stared at it for a moment, speechless. He had never been a particularly popular man and presents weren't something he came by often, especially ones as expensive as this medical instrument. His grip tightened around it and he looked up at the crew with a wide smile. \"Thank you.\" \"Try it out!\" \"It works good!\" \"We tried it out for ya.\" \"I never got to hear my own heart before!\" Darwin put the buds to his ears and placed the other end to his chest. It indeed worked well. It wasn't new but it was certainly well made. \"Spendy little bloke.\" The Captain remarked. \"But we all chipped in, you know. Pegleg's ship just came in yesterday and it seems they found it on a Navy boat.\" Darwin's grin seemed to grow impossibly wider. The Captain slapped him on the back and began heading for the forecastle door. \"Now, how about using that thing on tonight's ham? Got to make sure it's good and dead before we slice it up, you know.\" Black Bellamy stomped down Blood Island's boardwalk. His fists were clenched and he looked like he just might pull his cutlass on anyone who approached him. He had been in a foul mood since the pirate test yesterday. He couldn't believe they had found that loophole. The Pirate Captain had bested him. And for the second time it had been over something completely ridiculous and unpiratical. First with a mangy bird and now with a few words in a briny book. It wasn't even that he had failed. If it had been anyone else he would have conceded victory…well, somewhat graciously. But the fact that he had been outdone by the Pirate Captain and his pathetic band of misfits, that was the worst cut of all. \"You know, that's a good look for you.\" He looked up. Cutlass Liz was leaning casually against one of the waterfront shops. She motioned to his hat which now had a huge bite taken out of it. \"Go chew on a cannonball.\" He shot back and continued on his way. He would show them. He'd show them all! As if to add insult to injury a piece of paper, blown by the wind caught him smack in the face. He ripped it fiercely from his face only to find it was the Pirate Captain's wanted poster, his big toothy grin staring up at him from the page. With a savage roar that was impressive even for a pirate he shredded the paper into bits, tossed them to the ground and fired his pistol at the pieces. He stared at the shredded paper at his feet, panting through his nose and his hands trembling as if he would very much like someone to walk by that he could throttle. His gaze moved toward the watery horizon and the tiny makeshift pirate ship shrinking in the distance. \"This isn't over, man!\" He hissed under his breath. \"I'll get you, Pirate Captain and you're little doctor too!\" THE END ","Summary":" 1. An Adventure With a Pirate Thunk! The boy ignored the sound and continued writing. While is righ"},{"Movie":"Independence Day","Title":"30 Worlds Royal Megaforce XXII-A Day to Remember","Author":"William Raymer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12739316","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 30 Worlds: Royal Megaforce, Episode XXII: \"A Day to Remember\" by William \"Blissey\" Raymer Based on the 20th Century Fox Film Corporation/Centropolis Entertainment motion pictures Independence Day Written by Dean Devlin and Roland Emmerich and Independence Day: Resurgence Screenplay by Nicholas Wright, James A. Woods, Dean Devlin, Roland Emmerich and James Vanderbilt Story by Dean Devlin, Roland Emmerich, Nicholas Wright and James A. Woods Queen Scarlett and \"Scarlett Warrior\" concepts taken from the Sofia the First fan-fiction series The Scarlett Saga Created by Ben10Man Previously on 30 Worlds: Royal Megaforce ... The Enterprise arrived in the World of Elena of Avalor—an alternate version of William and Sofia's world—in order to protect that world's Key components—Crown Princess Elena and her sister, Princess Isabel—from Shuriki, an evil sorceress who had held the kingdom of Avalor in her spell for four decades after Elena was trapped in her dimension's Amulet of Avalor. After learning of a break-in in the Auradon City Cultural and History Museum in the World of Descendants—leading to Shuriki getting a hold of Princess Consort Mal's old spell book—the crew of the Enterprise needed help. To that end, the USS Discovery was summoned from the Unaligned World of Star Trek for an urgent mission to find the best and the brightest members of the Scarlett Army to serve as William's personal guard. One of these was an unexpected find: Uma, the former A.I.C. commander who led the mission that led to the death of Queen Scarlett. After the Discovery arrived in the World of Elena of Avalor, the crews of the Enterprise and the Discovery worked with the Avalorian Royal Guard to defeat Shuriki once and for all. PROLOGUE From the Personal Journal of President Joshua Adams, July 15th, 2016. The world is recovering from the latest alien attack. However, I and many of the surviving world leaders and their people have help this time. An alien sphere has been communicating with Dr. Brackish Okun and many of the staff at Area 51, leading to an increase in the technology we can work with—even more so than following the attack of '96. However, as we face the prospect of a bright new future, we must also remember the lives we have lost—people who helped us survive both attacks and who will, sadly, never get to see us possibly defeat these invaders once and for all. Three new names have been added to the memorial of those involved in the war against the aliens then and now: General Robert Grey, who passed away shortly after the recent attack; Dr. Jasmine Hiller, wife of late war hero Steven Hiller, who gave her life to ensure the survival of patients at Whitmore Memorial Hospital in Washington during the recent attack; and President Thomas Whitmore himself, who sacrificed his life to draw the alien queen away from Area 51 to protect the alien sphere, whose information we are now using in order to destroy the aliens once and for all. Unaligned World of Independence Day Earth Space Defense Headquarters Area 51, in the Nevada Desert Three Years Ago Dr. David Levinson, director of the Earth Space Defense initiative, stood next to President Adams as Dr. Brackish Okun walked up to them in the ESD headquarters command center. \"Director Levinson, Mr. President, we're ready for the test of the new communications system,\" Okun said. Levinson gestured for Adams to follow him and Okun to the communications room, where two ESD officers were waiting. \"Begin the test,\" Levinson ordered. \"Yes, sir,\" one officer said. The officer tapped a control on the panel and turned to a nearby display. Levinson cleared his throat and began to speak. \"Hello, this is Doctor David Levinson of the Earth Space Defense initative. We have received your message and stand ready to accept your invitation to lead the resistance against the aliens that threaten both of our peoples. Please respond,\" Levinson said. A humanoid face appeared on a nearby display. \" I am Queen Scarlett of the Cinnabarian Resistance Alliance, \" the face said. \" I am glad you received our message buoy, Doctor. \" \"Queen Scarlett, I am President Joshua Adams of the United States of America,\" Adams said. \"I have been asked by the surviving leaders of the Earth's countries to speak for our planet.\" \" President Adams, I would like to meet you and Doctor Levinson to discuss how to combine our technologies, \" Scarlett said. \"Of course, Queen Scarlett,\" Levinson said. Then, suddenly, the space in front of the command center windows became filled with a mysterious red fog, which resolved into Scarlett. From the Personal Journal of President Joshua Adams, July 15th, 2016, continued. As Doctor Okun told us, the technology of the C.R.A. is even more advanced than our own before or after the War of '96. I look forward to seeing what we can actually do in association with the C.R.A. ::TBC::[Chapter 2] Before we begin, a note from the Author... I recently received a guest review from Dennis Smith, a former colleague of mine when I wrote my \"Animated Earth\" franchise for The Unofficial Cats Don't Dance Fansite (see link in my profile). He asked me if I was the same William Raymer that wrote those stories—let me assure him, yes, that really is me. 30 Worlds: Royal Megaforce, Episode XXII: \"A Day to Remember\" CHAPTER ONE The Present Day Aboard Dimensional Defense Vessel Enterprise SAV-1701-A , Landing Bay 1 In Standard Orbit of the World of Sofia the First As the fighter craft known as Gavan's Glory came to a stop in the center of the cavernous landing bay, Princess Consort Mal stood and watched as the embarkation hatch opened to reveal King William of Cinnabar and his wife, Queen Sofia. \"Welcome aboard, Your Majesty,\" Mal said. \"Thank you, Mal,\" William said. \"So, what's the problem?\" \"We're receiving a communications request from the Unaligned World of Independence Day,\" Mal said. William knew from his late aunt, Queen Scarlett, of the Unaligned World of Independence Day and how they contacted the Scarlett Army following the events of the Resurgence Conflict. \"Let's go to the Bridge and call them,\" William said. On the Bridge of the Enterprise , Beatrice \"Tris\" Prior sat in the command chair and watched as the World of Sofia the First spun silently in space. The turbolift doors slid open to reveal William, Sofia and Mal. \"Good morning, Your Majesties,\" Tris said. \"To you as well, Tris,\" William said. \"Hail the Unaligned World of Independence Day,\" Mal said. \"Specific location?\" Tris asked when she reached the Communications station. \"Earth Space Defense Headquarters, Area 51, Nevada,\" William said. \"If at all possible, address the communication to Dr. David Levinson.\" \"Channel open,\" Tris said as William, Sofia and Mal reached the center of the Bridge. \"Earth Space Defense Headquarters, this is King William of the Cinnabarian Resistance Allianceaboard the C.R.A. flagship DDV Enterprise . We are responding to your communications request. Please respond,\" William said. Unaligned World of Independence Day Earth Space Defense Headquarters Area 51, in the Nevada Desert A Russian woman at a communications station saw something and looked up to see Dr. Levinson. \"Doctor Levinson, we're receiving a response from the C.R.A.,\" she said. \"Put it through,\" Levinson said. The image of William, Sofia and Mal on the Bridge of the Enterprise appeared on a nearby display screen. \" Earth Space Defense Headquarters, this is King William of the Cinnabarian Resistance Alliance aboard the C.R.A. flagship DDV Enterprise . We are responding to your communications request. Please respond ,\" William said. \"This is Doctor David Levinson, director of Earth Space Defense,\" David said. \"Where is Queen Scarlett?\" \" Queen Scarlett fell in battle against the aliens recently, \" William said. \"Oh,\" David said. \"I am sorry for your loss.\" \" Thank you for your kind words, Doctor, \" William said. \" But, we must focus on business. We've been able to narrow down the location of the aliens' homeworld. \" \"After all this time?\" Levinson said. \" After twenty years, you of all people should know, Dr. Levinson, that space is a vast unknown, \" William said. \" How goes the construction? \" \"Our first capital ship is nearing completion at our orbital shipyard,\" Levinson said. \"We plan to christen her the Whitmore , after the late President Thomas Whitmore.\" \" A fine name, Doctor, \" Sofia said. \" Doctor Levinson, I am Princess Consort Mal of Auradon, and I am the head of the C.R.A.'s space forces, \" Mal said. \" Upon the dedication of the Whitmore , we will depart for the coordinates of the alien homeworld. \" \"Sounds good to me, Princess Consort,\" Levinson said. \"I just have to brief President Adams and the rest of the E.S.D. Council on your communication.\" \" Whatever you need to do, Doctor, \" William said. \" The Enterprise shall arrive at Earth in time for the dedication ceremony for the Whitmore . King William, out. \" William drew his hand across his throat, causing a C.R.A. officer to terminate the transmission from the Enterprise , returning the display to a standard scan of the airspace surrounding Area 51. Levinson turned to the Russian officer. \"Get me the council,\" Levinson said. \"Yes, sir,\" the officer said. On the screens that dominated the front of the room, the images of the members of the ESD Council—led by President Adams—appeared one by one. As soon as all of the screens were filled, Levinson began to speak. \"Ladies and gentlemen of the Council, we have received a response to the latest comm request from the Cinnabarian Resistance Alliance,\" Levinson said. \"I must begin, however, with the sad news that our primary contact of three years, Queen Scarlett, has fallen in battle with the aliens.\" President Adams shook his head. \" Do we have a new contact? \" Adams asked. \"Yes, sir,\" Levinson said. \"King William. He and his crew aboard the C.R.A. flagship DDV Enterprise will be here for the commissioning ceremony for the Whitmore .\" \" What did this King William have to say? \" the Japanese Prime Minister said. \"He said that the C.R.A. had narrowed down the location of the aliens' homeworld, but didn't say over the comm channel due to fears of interception,\" Levinson said. \" How do we know that the information is genuine? \" the Chinese Premier said. \"I have come to trust the information provided by the C.R.A.,\" Levinson said. \" But that was from a person who is now dead, \" the British Prime Minister said. \" Can we trust King William? \" \"One of the E.S.D.'s officers, Captain Dylan Hiller, works at Challenger Base, the C.R.A.'s main orbital command facility,\" Levinson said. \"He has continuously provided the E.S.D. with information that has always proven to be genuine. This includes the news of Queen Scarlett's death and the information regarding King William, who is Queen Scarlett's nephew.\" President Adams nodded. \" Dr. Levinson, I trust you, \" he said. \" If you feel that the information that will be given to you by King William is genuine, I will stand by you. However, in order to pacify those on the Council who may not share my opinion, I will insist that the Council members be invited aboard the Enterprise for a tour during the commissioning festivities for the Whitmore . \" \"I understand, Mr. President,\" Levinson said. \"I'll see you all at the ceremony.\" The members of the Council nodded, then terminated their individual channels. ::TBC::[Chapter 3] 30 Worlds: Royal Megaforce, Episode XXII: \"A Day to Remember\" CHAPTER TWO Unaligned World of Independence Day Earth Space Defense Stardock Facility One In Orbit Of Earth In an observation booth on the ESD stardock, the ESD council, Doctors Levinson and Okun and various other dignitaries watched as the huge radiation-shield doors opened to reveal the Enterprise . As the Enterprise pulled into a dock next to the nearly-completed Whitmore , Okun and Levinson turned to President Adams. \"Are you sure you and the rest of the Council need the tour of the Enterprise ?\" Levinson said. \"The Council demands proof of King William's sincerity,\" Adams said. \"We trusted Queen Scarlett, but only after a period of time.\" \"Dimensional Defense Vessel Enterprise now arriving at Bay Three, \" the voice of the stardock's traffic controller said. The Enterprise slowly came to a stop next to the Whitmore . As an airlock gangway was extended to link the observation room and the Enterprise , Levinson and Okun led the ESD Council up to the airlock. The double doors opened to reveal Mal and William. \"Permission to come aboard,\" Levinson said. \"Permission granted, Dr. Levinson,\" William said. \"I'm King William, and this is Princess Consort Mal. Welcome aboard the Enterprise .\" President Adams stepped forward. \"King William, on behalf of the Earth Space Defense Council, I formally submit a request to inspect the Enterprise in order to validate the information we have about you and your vessel,\" he said. \"No offense.\" \"None taken, Mr. President,\" Mal said. \"Please follow us.\" William and Mal led the ESD contingent onto the Enterprise . \"The Enterprise began its existence as the USS Ambassador NX-10521 , a ship from the Unaligned World of Star Trek,\" William began. Levinson turned to Adams and the other members of the ESD Council. \"The C.R.A. is primarily tasked with defending other planes of existence from the Army of Inter-Universal Chaos,\" Levinson said, reminding the Council of the data provided to them by Captain Hiller. \"The Enterprise consists of 36 decks and a crew capacity of 750 individuals,\" Mal said. \"Our current crew compliment consists of 230 individuals, though.\" \"Princess Consort, if the Enterprise requires a crew of 750, how can it operate with only 230?\" the German Chancellor asked. \"The Enterprise 's computer systems are controlled by an artificial intelligence system we call 'E.R.I.N.,' or E lectronic R econnaisance and I ntelligence N etwork,\" William said. \"E.R.I.N.'s able to automate many of the Enterprise 's systems, allowing for a reduced crew compliment. Then, as we acquire additional crew members through our travels, we can have those crew members take over E.R.I.N.'s functions—allowing her to transfer her processing power to other needs.\" \"'Her?'\" President Adams asked. \" King William and the other members of the crew refer to me as a female because that is how I was originally programmed to identify myself, President Adams, \" E.R.I.N.'s voice called out. \"That is E.R.I.N., Mr. President,\" Mal said. \"If you or any of the other members of the Council wish to ask her a question about the Enterprise , you are welcome to do so.\" \"Thank you, Princess Consort,\" Adams said. \"Just call me Mal or Lady Mal,\" Mal said. \"Most of the time on this ship, we do not address ourselves by any titles or honorifics we may possess.\" \"Most of the time?\" the British Prime Minister said. \"We have a crew member who prefers to use honorifics during her official duties,\" William said. \"Other than in that case, we have a largely-civilian crew yet we have military-style discipline. Without that, we would not have gotten as far as we have on our mission.\" \"I see,\" the British Prime Minister said. As William, Mal and the E.S.D. dignitaries approached a nearby turbolift, William gestured to the doors. \"We're about to enter a turbolift, a device that transports users to whichever shipboard destination they desire,\" William said. \" Level please ,\" E.R.I.N. said. \"Main Bridge,\" William said. \" Unregistered persons are present in your turbolift car, \" E.R.I.N. said. \" Command authorization is required to proceed to your desired destination. \" \"For security reasons, only personnel who are registered with E.R.I.N. can proceed to secure destinations such as the Bridge or Main Engineering, unless a command override code is used,\" William said. \"Voice authorization Mal-Epsilon-2-1-7. Override code 12-16-97-Porygon,\" Mal said. \" Command authorization accepted ,\" E.R.I.N. said. The turbolift doors slid shut behind Okun, allowing the turbolift car to begin its movement. \"I see what you mean by your acceptance of military discipline,\" Okun said. \"Of course, Dr. Okun, but you must realize something,\" William said. \"If we fail to destroy the A.I.C., they will either destroy or subjugate every dimension that has been discovered to exist.\" \"We have loved ones, family, and lives we planned on leading before we all were told of the A.I.C.'s threat to all of existence,\" Mal said. \"If we're to pick up where we left off, we need to do what we need to do.\" \"Well said, Mal,\" William said. The turbolift began to slow to a stop, then the doors slid open. The ESD dignitaries' jaws dropped as they took in the sight of the Whitmore on the viewscreen. \"Welcome to the Bridge,\" William said. \"This is where I command the ship during normal operational procedures,\" Mal said. \"In emergency situations, King William has the priviledge of taking command if he chooses to.\" \"We've seen enough,\" Adams said after turning to the other ESD Council members and whispering. \"King William, we welcome your assistance.\" \"Thank you, Mr. President,\" William said after shaking Adams' outstretched hand. \"Then, after the commissioning ceremony for the Whitmore tomorrow, we'll go and get rid of the aliens once and for all.\" ::TBC::[Chapter 4] 30 Worlds: Royal Megaforce, Episode XXII: \"A Day to Remember\" CHAPTER THREE Unaligned World of Independence Day Earth Space Defense Stardock Facility One In Orbit of Earth The next day, the Bridge crew of the Enterprise watched on the viewscreen as a bottle of champaigne smashed into the hull of the Whitmore . The voice of President Adams came over the Enterprise 's audio pickups. \" The captain of the Whitmore will read himself aboard ,\" Adams said. William smiled as a familiar voice began to speak. \" Under the authority vested in me by the Earth Space Defense Governing Council, I, Dylan Nicholas Hiller, hereby assume command of the ESD starship Thomas Whitmore,\" Hiller said. Adams' voice returned to the speakers. \" Under normal circumstances, the commissioning of a vessel like the Thomas Whitmore deserves more ceremonies than we can spare on this day. Our distinguished guest from the Cinnabarian Resistance Alliance will explain. King William? \" William gestured for Tris to patch him into the ESD comm channel. \"This is King William of the Cinnabarian Resistance Alliance,\" William began. \"As you all know by now, we have been able to find the location of the homeworld of the aliens who have twice attacked this planet. Together, we of the C.R.A. and you of the E.S.D. will journey on this day to that planet, and-hopefully-defeat them once and for all.\" William stood from his chair and looked at his Bridge crew. \"Both of our ships are manned by the best and the brightest our two groups have to offer, but our enemies do not care,\" William said. \"We will make them care. We will force them to see that we're not to be messed with.\" On the Bridge of the Thomas Whitmore , Dylan and his command crew listened as William continued to speak. \" The late Thomas Whitmore himself said something in his last statement prior to the mission when he sacrificed his life during the Resurgence Conflict, \" William continued. \" He said that we are the people who had to pick up the pieces and continue the battle. Well, I have an addendum to that. I say that we are the people who will finish the battle .\" A blond-haired woman seated at one of the consoles choked back a tear. Patricia Whitmore, Thomas Whitmore's daughter, bowed her head as William spoke. \" My friends, my allies, let us go forth and end the Harvester threat once and for all! Enterprise , out! \" William took a deep breath. He watched, as on the Enterprise viewscreen, the Thomas Whitmore was sliding out of her docking bay and proceeding to the exit doors. The twin doors slid open, allowing the Thomas Whitmore to sail into open space for the first time. \"Get me Stardock Control, Tris,\" William said. \"Standing by, William,\" Tris said. \"E.S.D. Stardock Control, this is Dimensional Defense Vessel Enterprise , requesting permission to join the ESS Thomas Whitmore ,\" William said. \"Dimensional Defense Vessel Enterprise is cleared to depart. Good luck ,\" the controller said. William smiled at Mal, who had assumed her old post at the flight control console. \"Ease her out nice and slow, Mal,\" William said. \"Aye, sir,\" Mal said. The Enterprise began to clear the dock. As soon as Mal noted the the Enterprise was clear, she reported, \" Thomas Whitmore is ready to enter hyper-light drive on your order, William.\" William smiled as he gestured to the Enterprise viewscreen. \"Let's do it,\" William said. The Enterprise and the Thomas Whitmore leaped into hyper-light drive on a collision course with the Harvesters. ::TBC::[Chapter 5] 30 Worlds: Royal Megaforce, Episode XXII: \"A Day to Remember\" CHAPTER FOUR Ship's Log, DDV Enterprise , supplemental, King William recording. The Enterprise and the Thomas Whitmore are five hours away from the coordinates of the Harvester homeworld. We anticipate resistance on a par with the A.I.C. assault on Avalor Castle during our recent visit to the World of Elena of Avalor-even more so if the A.I.C. and the Harvesters have joined forces. On the Bridge of the Enterprise , William was seated in the command chair as a turbolift door opened, revealing Princess Isabel of Avalor. \"King William, I need to talk to you,\" she said. \"Of course, Isabel,\" William said, gesturing for Isabel to follow him into the Ready Room. \"What's wrong, Isabel?\" William asked. \"I just awoke from a dream when I met a Harvester,\" Isabel said. William cringed at what Isabel said. \"Let me see,\" William said. \"Close your eyes and let me reach into your mind.\" Isabel nodded then did as she was told. William touched Isabel's head and felt himself in Isabel's body as a Harvester walked up to her. \" You are Key? \" the Harvester said. \"Yes,\" William heard himself say in Isabel's voice. \" Please help me, \" the Harvester said. \" Our people have been oppressed by the group you know as the Army of Inter-Universal Chaos for over twenty time units that you call years. It was under their control that Earth was attacked not once but twice. \" \"There are many who would not believe you,\" William/Isabel said. \" Then let me show you something to prove that what I say is true, \" the Harvester said. An image unfurled next to where the Harvester stood. \" I was just born when this incident happened ,\" the Harvester said. A dreadfully familiar personnage appeared, addressing millions of Harvester soldiers. \" This attack that I have planned for your forces will prevent humanity from becoming a threat to your society, \" the personnage said. \"Xur,\" William/Isabel hissed. William/Isabel continued to watch as Xur briefed the Harvester soldiers on the plans for the initial War of 1996. William felt his link with Isabel break. \"Holy shit,\" William said. He then stepped back onto the Bridge, followed by Isabel. \"Tris, get me Captain Hiller on the Thomas Whitmore ,\" William said. Tris nodded, then set to work. Hiller appeared on the viewscreen. \" Your Majesty, what's wrong? \" Hiller said. \"Captain, I've just been presented with credible information that the A.I.C. has been manipulating the Harvesters since before the War of '96,\" William said. He gestured for Isabel to step forward. \"Captain Hiller, I am Princess Isabel of Avalor,\" Isabel said in introduction. She then proceeded to tell Captain Hiller about her mental communication with the Harvester. \" Your Majesty, are you sure this information is credible? \" Dylan asked. \"Very much so,\" William said. \"Using the powers of the Scarlett Warrior, I was able to sense no deception from the Harvester that communicated with Isabel.\" Dylan shook his head for a moment as he thought. After that moment, Dylan nodded. \" All right, Your Majesty, \" he said. \" We'll proceed under the assumption that the Harvesters are being manipulated by Xur and the A.I.C. \" Isabel smiled. \"Captain Hiller, thank you,\" she said. \" Princess Isabel, I've come to trust in King William's judgment on matters such as this, \" Dylan said. \" If he trusts you, then I trust you too. \" William patted Isabel on the back, then asked her to return to Isabel's and Crown Princess Elena's quarters. A few hours later, the two ships exited hyper-light drive on the outskirts of the Harvester homeworld's solar system. A beeping erupted from Tris' console. \"William, we're being hailed,\" she said. \"On screen,\" William said. A Harvester appeared on the Enterprise 's viewscreen. \" You are the one called King William, \" the Harvester said. \"I am,\" William said. \" Then you are the one to whom I and my clan should truly pledge allegiance, \" the Harvester said. \"What do you mean?\" William said. \" The one called Isabel of Avalor—whom I presume is aboard your ship, as I can sense her even stronger that I did earlier—told me of you and your people's quest to defeat the Army of Inter-Universal Chaos ,\" the Harvester said. \" I am Tho'Wri, and my clan stands ready to fight alongside you. \" From her OPS console, Lieutenant Sito Jaxa reported, \"Your Majesty, I am picking up a mass of Harvester ships approaching us.\" \"Lieutenant, transmit the ships' signatures to the Thomas Whitmore with the notation 'FRIENDLY! DO NOT ATTACK!,'\" William said. \"Also, patch us in to the Thomas Whitmore . I want Captain Hiller to meet Tho'Wri.\" The Bridge of the Thomas Whitmore appeared alongside Tho'Wri on the Enterprise 's viewscreen. \"Captain Hiller, this is Tho'Wri, the Harvester who contacted Princess Isabel. His clan will be fighting alongside us,\" William said. Patricia Whitmore turned in her chair to face Dylan. \" Confirmed, Captain. I have a transmission from the Enterprise , noting the Harvester fleet approaching our current position from five thousand kilometers off her aft quarter as friendly, \" she reported. \" Captain Hiller, I regret the actions that led to the deaths of your family, \" Tho'Wri said. \" Like I said in my communication with Princess Isabel, Xur and the A.I.C. have been manipulating my people for two of your decades. \" \" I understand, Tho'Wri ,\" Hiller said. \" William, I cannot believe that this mission has become one to liberate an entire planet! \" \"Dylan, where I am from, that's just a everyday thing,\" William said. \"Good luck to us all. Enterprise , out.\" The Enterprise viewscreen switched from the split-screen of Tho'Wri and Captain Hiller to a shot of the Thomas Whitmore with Tho'Wri's fleet coming alongside. \"Tactical Alert! All hands to battle stations!\" William called out. The Bridge lights dimmed and alert panels began to glow red as the Bridge crew rushed to their stations and activated their restraints. On the viewscreen, pilots from the Enterprise 's Gold Squadron and the Thomas Whitmore 's ESD attack squadron streamed off their ships and joined the Harvester pilots from Tho'Wri's clan. \"All stations confirm battle readiness, William,\" Sofia said from her own console. \"All right, Sofia,\" William said. \"Let's do this.\" ::TBC::[Chapter 6] 30 Worlds: Royal Megaforce, Episode XXII: \"A Day to Remember\" CHAPTER FIVE The Enterprise shook with A.I.C. weapons impact. \"Damage report!\" William yelled out over the chaos. \"Shields down to 75%,\" Sergeant Tamora Calhoun said. \"Minor damage to the starboard nacelle!\" \"E.R.I.N., status report on the Thomas Whitmore !\" Sofia said. \" The Thomas Whitmore 's shields are down to 82%, \" E.R.I.N. said. \" No appreciable damage to ship's systems. \" William shared a smile with Sofia. \"Aunt Scarlett sure built a tough ship,\" William said. \"Your Majesty, incoming from Tho'Wri,\" Tris said from Communications. \"On the holo-com, Tris,\" William said. A holographic projection of Tho'Wri appeared in front of the Enterprise viewscreen. \" King William, I have located the A.I.C. flagship, \" he said. \" I am feeding coordinates to your ship. However... \" \"What, Tho'Wri?\" William said. \" It is the tradition of my people that a leader must participate directly in battle, or he'll not have the respect of those defeated when the peace-time comes, \" Tho'Wri said. \"Very well,\" William said as he disengaged the command chair's restraints. \"Bridge to Main Shuttlebay. Status report on Gavan's Glory , please,\" William said. \" Gavan's Glory is fully-fueled and ready for launch, \" the officer in charge of the landing bay said. \"Good. I'm on my way down there,\" William said. \"Sofia, take command.\" William stood from the command chair and left the Enterprise 's Bridge. A few minutes later, Sofia watched as on the Enterprise viewscreen, Gavan's Glory joined the battle—destroying an A.I.C.-aligned Harvester fighter before joining an E.S.D. formation. \" Welcome to the battle, King William, \" the voice of the leading E.S.D. pilot said. \" I am Captain Jake Morrison, Earth Space Defense 4 th Fighter Squadron. \" \"Thank you, Captain Morrison,\" William said. \"Attention all allied pilots. This is King William aboard Gavan's Glory . I am about to execute a Megaforce Change, or a change in form that will change my craft's appearance and abilities. I am programming Gavan's Glory 's computer to broadcast a continuous ident pulse that will allow you to continue to read me as a friendly craft. King William, out.\" William pressed a button on the buckle of his utility belt, revealing a Megaforce Change Key. Folding back the Key figure's legs, William placed the Key in a slot on the control panel in front of him. He took a deep breath and called out \" Megaforce Change! \" before turning the key. \" Destoroyah! \" a voice called out. On William's display, the schematic of Gavan's Glory changed to include a horn-like protrusion on the hull below the cockpit viewports and a new weapons emplacement on the top of the hull. \"Computer, explain purposes of new weapons emplacements on hull,\" William said. \" The horn emplacement allows this vessel to use the 'Horn Katana' used by Destoroyah's Perfect Form, while the flower-pattern emplacement allows this vessel to use a version of the 'Stomach Beam' also available to yet not actually used by Destoroyah's Perfect Form, \" the computer said, the emplacements being highlighted on the schematic as they were explained then comparing the emplacements to spots on the actual Destoroyah's body. \"Computer, status of ident pulse,\" William said. \" Ident pulse on-line and operating within normal parameters, \" the computer said. \"Then let's see what she's got!\" William said as he tapped a key. The horn emplacement began to glow as William turned Gavan's Glory on a course to intercept an A.I.C. scoutship. A reddish-yellow beam then lanced out from the horn and sliced clean through the support struts for the scoutship's engine nacelles. William smiled a toothy grin as he saw the nacelles tumble away, impacting with and destroying a cluster of A.I.C.-allied Harvester fighters. \" Hot damn! \" Morrison said. \" I've never seen a weapon like that before! \" \"And you're gonna see even more, Captain Morrison,\" William said. \"Activating Stomach Beam!\" A purple beam encased in a helix of blue and yellow energy shot out of the upper hull weapons emplacement. The beam cut clean through three A.I.C. capital ships, causing them to explode in showers of flame, radiation and debris. \" At the rate you're going, we'll be done before too long, \" Morrison said. \"Indeed, Captain,\" William said. \" Then, if I may be so bold, I have a favor to ask—off the record, \" Morrison said. \"I'm listening,\" William said. Then, William switched the comm channel he shared with Morrison to private mode. Half an hour later, most of the A.I.C. ships had either been destroyed or damaged enough that they were forced to retreat. \" Enterprise to Gavan's Glory,\" Sofia called out. \"Go ahead, Sofia,\" William said. \" Xur's not here, \" Sofia said. \" He never was. \" William slammed his fist on one of the control panels. \"Well, at least, we've liberated the Harvester homeworld,\" William said. Tho'Wri's voice came on the channel. \" King William, Queen Sofia, our Queen wishes to speak to you about what has transpired here today, \" he said. And so, an hour later, two Harvester guards led William, Sofia and Tho'Wri into the Queen's chamber. \"Tho'Wri of the clan No'Ue'Ha, I am proud of your courage in breaking past the A.I.C.'s mental interference ray and summoning help,\" the Queen said. \"I am at your service, Your Majesty,\" Tho'Wri said. The Harvester Queen turned to look down at William and Sofia. \"King William, Queen Sofia, on behalf of my people, I thank you for your actions in saving my people , \" she said. \"Your Majesty, when we are approached with a cry for help, we tend to try to answer said cry when it is within our power to do so,\" William said. Sofia reached for her Mobilates. \"Queen Sofia to Enterprise . Bring her down,\" she said. A tower of transporter energy placed Isabel between William, Sofia and Tho'Wri and the Harvester Queen. \"Your Majesty, this is Princess Isabel of Avalor, the crewmember who Tho'Wri telepathically contacted and who informed us of your people's situation,\" Sofia said. \"On behalf of my people, Isabel, I thank you for your assistance in this matter,\" the Harvester Queen said. \"My sister, Crown Princess Elena, told me to help people in need whenever I can, Your Majesty,\" Isabel said. A few days later, the Enterprise and the Thomas Whitmore arrived back at Earth, where they were greeted by the ESD council. \"What you have discovered, King William, has completely rewritten the history of the War of '96 and the Resurgence Conflict,\" President Adams said. \"That was not my intention, Mr. President,\" William said. \"My intention was merely to help protect this world.\" \"Well, you did—if not in the way the help was expected,\" Levinson said. \"Everyone, I have two things to announce,\" William said. \"First off, it is my pleasure to announce that in honor of the service of the crew of the Thomas Whitmore during this conflict, I have decreed that this dimensional plane shall be declared an aligned world.\" The ESD Council and staff members cheered. \"And second?\" Sofia asked. \"Sofia, if you'll remember, during the battle, Captain Morrison and I had a private conversation that he asked me to keep secret until our return to Earth,\" William said. \"Oh?\" Sofia said. \"And that is?\" \"He asked me to perform his and Patricia Whitmore's wedding,\" William said. And so, a week later, the Enterprise 's Haruki-ya crew lounge was filled to capacity as Morrison stood at the altar set up for the ceremony. Out in the corridor, William led Patricia out of a turbolift. \"King William, I would like to thank you for walking me down the aisle,\" Patricia said. \"I just wish my father was still alive.\" \"Patricia, your father sacrificed himself so that you could live your life and help rebuild humanity from the Resurgence Conflict,\" William said as he folded the veil over her face. \"Just know that he is here in spirit.\" \"Thank you, Your Majesty,\" Patricia said. The doors slid open at William and Patricia's approach. The gathered audience stood as the two entered. After the successful completion of the ceremony, William walked up to the new Mr. and Mrs. Morrison. \"Congratulations, you two,\" William said. \"However, I'm sorry to say that the honeymoon will have to wait.\" \"What do you mean, Your Majesty?\" Patricia asked. \"Your squadron has been assigned to the Enterprise . Pack your gear,\" William said. \"We leave in two days.\" Jake and Patricia shared a kiss then left to pack their gear. William saw President Adams and Dr. Levinson walk up to him. \"Thank you again, King William,\" Adams said. \"You certainly proved that you are a man to be trusted.\" \"Thank you, Mr. President,\" William said. \"Just remember, if you need our help again, just call us.\" \"We'll do that,\" Levinson said. \"King William!\" Okun called out. \"Oh, yes, I almost forgot,\" William said. \"I wanted to give the ESD this.\" William gave Okun an isolinear data card. \"This data card contains all of our technical readouts and schematics for our latest technologies. Use them well.\" \"Thank you, sir,\" Okun said. William gestured for Sofia to join him. \"Let's go, Sofia,\" William said. \"Hold on.\" Sofia gripped William's hand. \"Farewell, friends,\" William said before making himself and Sofia disappear in a cloud of red mist. On the Bridge of the Enterprise , William and Sofia watched as Mal took the command chair. Sito turned in her chair. \"Lady Mal, the 4th Squadron has completed landing sequence,\" she said. \"All systems ready for departure.\" Mal smiled at William and Sofia. \"Exit standard orbit and set the Deviator for the World of Sofia the First, one-half power,\" Mal said. \"Execute.\" On the Enterprise viewscreen, the newly-redesignated World of Independence Day began to recede then disappeared altogether as the ship entered a dimensional fold. The mission...continues. To be continued in 30 Worlds: Royal Megaforce, Episode XXIII: \"The Power Within\" Author's Note: King William's decision to recognize the World of Independence Day as an aligned world is in reference to the plan by Disney to acquire the majority of 21st Century Fox's enterainment assets (including the 20th Century Fox film library—and by extension, the Independence Day franchise), which is still being finalized and awaiting regulatory approval by the U.S. government as of this chapter's going live. ","Summary":" 30 Worlds: Royal Megaforce, Episode XXII: \"A Day to Remember\" by William \"Blissey\" Raymer Based"},{"Movie":"Winnie the Pooh","Title":"Vincent's Adventures of Winnie the Pooh","Author":"PerkyGoth14","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12479334","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Clark siblings were at the Fudo household as one of their usual visits and where Tony scoffed as he saw one of Vincent's portraits of the stuffed animals from Winnie the Pooh. \"Has anyone seen my pink?\" Vincent asked. \"I'm almost done with Piglet.\" Snow White carried a tube in her mouth for him. \"Thanks, Snow.\" Vincent smiled to his cat and took the tube and put the paint on his brush for Piglet. \"You are so lame.\" Tony smirked as he thought someone painting a portrait of stuffed animals was lame. \"Excuse me?\" Vincent glared slightly. \"Tony...\" Lee scolded his youngest brother. \"Don't you know anything?\" Tony scoffed to Vincent. \"Winnie the Pooh is for babies!\" \"He is real and so are the others.\" Vincent said. Tony scoffed. \"You guys are weird, I mean, your dad likes singing and dancing ponies and you talk about the Care Bears all the time, Estelle I'd understand, but it's pathetic when you guys do it too.\" \"Tony, stop it!\" Megan scolded. Felicity soon came over with a basket of goodies for her cousins and their friends, she smiled, but she soon frowned as she heard Tony and Vincent arguing about Winnie the Pooh. \"I even thought they were for babies one time before actually meeting them.\" Vincent sad. \"Oh, really?\" Tony smirked. \"Yes, really!\" Vincent huffed. \"Uncle JJ and Aunt Rosie read us a storybook one night!\" \"Then your aunt and uncle are a couple of babies.\" Tony mocked. \"Hey, leave Uncle JJ alone, he's Mom's special little buddy!\" Akito got in his face with a glare. \"May I continue?\" Vincent asked. \"What's going on?\" Felicity asked. \"Tony here is dissing on Winnie the Pooh.\" Vincent put his hands on his hips. Felicity gasped. \"Tony! He is a great bear and you'd be lucky to meet him!\" \"Why? So he can tell me where my nose is?\" Tony smirked. Lee soon taped Tony's mouth shut. Tony muffled and then glared at his brother Lee. \"I loved those stories from Uncle JJ and Aunt Rosie...\" Vincent bowed his head in nostalgia. \"I didn't think I'd like them at first... And then we had a grand adventure and had to save Christopher Robin.\" This seemed to interest Tony a little bit. \"Please tell us when your first adventure started.\" Megan begged. \"Well, of course, we were little,\" Vincent replied as they all decided to sit down. \"Long before we met you all...\" Flashback to when the kids were seven and eight... Atticus and Mo decided to have a date night together, but of course, they would need a babysitter, and even Cherry and Forte were busy, so they had to call someone else over: Mo's little brother who was 'the best uncle ever next to Uncle Planet'. \"Hey, Momo,\" Junior smiled to his big adoptive sister as he was with a young blonde girl his age who brought a storybook over. \"I brought Rosie along, I hope that's okay.\" \"Of course it is and I see she's brought a storybook with her.\" Mo smiled. \"Oh, yes, I love fairy tales...\" Rosie smiled back. \"Especially about trolls.\" she then said, seeming to somehow remember her adventure in Central Park with her older brother Gus and them and of course, Stanley. Atticus and Mo both soon left. The kids said goodbye to their parents. \"All right, kids, let's have some fun!\" Junior smiled to his niece and nephews. \"Yay!\" Akito, Estelle, and Vincent cheered. \"What should we do first?\" Estelle smiled. \"Why don't we play some games?\" Rosie suggested. The kids first played games, they then had some dinner, they then watched TV together until there was a thunderstorm which knocked the power out. Junior soon brought out candles and they all sat together. \"I suppose now would be a good time for your story.\" Rosie suggested as she brought out the book she brought. \"Yay!\" The Fudo siblings cheered. \"Can we hear about the story of when you met a troll in Central Park?\" Vincent asked. \"You've heard that story so many times already.\" Rosie giggled. \"Can we hear a story about the Tangerine Bear?\" Akito asked. \"I'm afraid Christmas is too far away.\" Rosie smiled apologetically. \"Can we hear a story about Winnie the Pooh?\" Estelle asked before hugging her Princess Odette doll. \"But that story's for babies.\" Vincent said. Estelle pouted. \"Yeah, Estelle.\" Akito agreed. \"Oh, come on now, Winnie the Pooh is a wonderful story...\" Rosie smiled to the kids. \"Well...Alright.\" Akito said while Vincent groaned. Rosie cracked open her book with a smile. \" 'Once upon the last day of a golden summer, there was a boy and a bear' ,\" she began to read the book. \" 'The boy, whom we shall meet in a moment was called Christopher Robin. The bear was called Winnie the Pooh. And together, they had many grand adventures in a remarkable place called the Hundred Acre Wood. But the grandest and most extraordinary of all their adventures was still to begin' .\" Something from the book soon fell out and rolled over to Vincent it was a medallion. Vincent took a look while Akito and Estelle seemed distracted from the book. He then picked up the medallion curiously. The medallion soon glowed an autumn-like glow, blinding him slightly. Vincent's emerald eyes widened and he then shut them as Rosie told the story. Soon enough, Vincent opened his eyes and he appeared to be outside somewhere that was not his own home. \"Akito? Estelle?\" he then called out for his younger twin siblings before running around to find them. \"Come on, guys, whatever spell you guys put on me, it's not funny!\" Vincent soon saw where he was and he couldn't believe it. \"I'm in the Hundred Acre Wood... But how...?\" Vincent asked as he was alone right now. \"Man, I just entered The Baby Zone.\" He soon saw he was wearing the medallion he picked up earlier. \"This must have sent me here...Great.\" Vincent groaned. There was humming heard and Vincent turned to the source as a yellow bear in a red short-sleeved shirt was climbing over a turned over tree trunk. 'I might as well get this over with.' Vincent thought to himself before going over to the yellow bear. The bear hummed before falling flat on the ground and chuckled. \"Oh, hello there!\" \"Hi...\" Vincent rolled his eyes. \"I say I've never seen you in the Hundred Acre Woods before.\" The yellow bear said. \"My name's Vincent, I'm kind of staying here for a little while,\" Vincent said before whispering to himself. \"Hopefully not long.\" \"They call me Winnie the Pooh!\" The yellow bear announced with glee and chuckled. \"Hmm... I wonder if I should get some honey before Christopher Robin gets here?\" he then went to the nearest tree. \"I hope a bee stings him...\" Vincent muttered in annoyance of being stuck here. He then remembered that bees would attack anyone in sight if their honey was taken in that world. \"Today, I believe, is a good day for being Pooh.\" Pooh smiled as he was headed for a tree to meet his human best friend. 'As long as I'm here, I might as well be involved.' Vincent thought to himself as he went to the tree. Pooh hummed to himself along the way as Vincent followed against his will. \"And here, I should say, is a good place for being Pooh,\" Pooh said once he found the tree. \"Any reason that I think of is a good one for being Pooh,\" he then sat down and giggled to himself. \"But the very best reason of all is-\" \"Pooh Bear!\" A voice called out. 'There's only one boy I know who would call Pooh 'Pooh Bear', that must be Christopher Robin.' Vincent thought to himself. Pooh soon announced that being with his very best friend was the best thing. Vincent turned over and saw Christopher Robin was coming over just then. \"You are just in time for the best part of the day.\" Pooh smiled to the human boy as he stood on top of the branch. \"And what might that be, Pooh?\" Christopher Robin asked. \"And who's your new friend?\" \"This is Vincent,\" Pooh smiled simply. \"And as for what be the best part of the day is when you and me become we.\" \"What am I doing here?\" Vincent complained about being stuck in the Hundred Acre Wood. Christopher Robin carried Pooh in his arms but seemed to back up slightly off balance to the edge off the cliff and they soon rolled and tumbled down the hill. Vincent soon went down the hill to keep up with them. \"Pooh, there's something I have to tell you.\" Christopher Robin frowned as he set the yellow stuffed bear on the ground once they stopped tumbling. \"Is it something nice?\" Pooh asked before he was distracted by a butterfly. \"Not exactly...\" Christopher Robin sighed softly as he was sure this was going to be hard on his friends. \"Then it can wait!\" Pooh replied before he chased after the butterfly. \"It can?\" Christopher Robin asked. \"For how long?\" \"Forever and ever.\" Pooh replied as he chased the butterfly through the forest. \"What did you have to tell Pooh?\" Vincent asked Christopher Robin. Christopher Robin sighed softly. \"Tomorrow is the first day of autumn and that means I have to go to school.\" \"Oh...\" Vincent frowned as that was going to be sad news to Pooh and the others. \"Surely you know...\" Christopher Robin said since Vincent was school aged too. \"Oh, well, um, my education is different...\" Vincent replied. \"I'm actually home-schooled, so my education never really stops most of the time, unless I'm away visiting friends.\" \"It's going to be hard on Pooh and the others...\" Christopher Robin sighed. \"I don't think they would understand.\" \"Well, we'll worry about that later, right now, let's spend time with Pooh.\" Vincent said. \"I suppose so...\" Christopher Robin sighed sadly. Tony muffled to the others. \"What?\" Akito asked after he took off the tape. \"OW!\" Tony winced before glaring. \"You guys used to be home-schooled? No wonder you're all a bunch of freaks!\" Akito narrowed his eyes and put the tape back on. \"Go on, Vincent.\" \"Anyway, me and Christopher Robin both soon caught up with Pooh to spend enough time with him with some singing.\" Vincent said. \"Come on, Christopher Robin, we better catch up.\" Vincent decided. \"Okay...\" Christopher Robin sighed softly as he felt bad about leaving his friends like this, but his mother told him that education was important. \"Forever and ever is a very long time, Pooh~\" Christopher Robin sang as he and Vincent began to look for the yellow stuffed bear. Pooh giggled innocently as he was hiding right now while Vincent began to climb up some trees. \"Forever, Isn't long at all, When I'm with you~\" Once Vincent and Christopher Robin found Pooh they went to get going. \"I wanna call your name forever, And you will always answer forever~\" Pooh sang as the boys followed after him. \"And both of us will be forever you and me, Forever and ever~\" The two of them soon looked through a log. \"I wanna stay like this forever~\" Christopher Robin sang. They soon heard Pooh's giggles come from some honey pots. Vincent winced at first at the honey jars as it made him feel more and more trapped here. Why couldn't had this been one of Barbie's stories? \"If only I could promise forever~\" Christopher Robin sighed as he checked one pot which was empty. \"Then we could just be we, Forever you and me~\" \"Forever and ever~\" Christopher Robin and Pooh said together. Vincent and Christopher Robin both soon backed up at the entrance of a cave. \"Forever and ever, Is a very long time, Pooh~\" Christopher Robin sighed. Pooh giggled as he soon came out with a giant pot. \"Forever isn't long at all, Christopher~\" Vincent heard buzzing inside the cave and soon ran as bees swarmed out. They soon ran towards a boat raft. \"When I'm with you, Oh, I wanna be with you forever~\" Pooh giggled as he ran onto the raft with the boys to get away from the bees. And where they had successfully did it, Christopher Robin and Vincent both soon turn around to see that Pooh wasn't there anymore only to see the honey pot and they knew where he was. Christopher Robin folded his arms and shook his head at the silly old bear. Vincent quietly chuckled as Pooh was inside of the pot and eating all of the honey. Pooh soon popped out through the pot. Christopher Robin and Pooh soon shared a hug together. \"What am I doing here?\" Vincent groaned. \"This is worse than Barney the Dinosaur.\" 'You shall know the answer soon, young one.' A voice said. Vincent looked around for the source of the voice. 'Where did that voice come from?' Vincent thought to himself. 'Surely you recognize me, Vincent.' The voice replied. Vincent looked around for the voice as Christopher Robin and Pooh bonded. 'Who is that voice?' he thought to himself again. There was soon a giggle heard. Vincent looked around until he came to what looked like a symbol of a red star with sparkling other white stars. \"Looks like Aunt Twilight's cutie mark...\" he then observed. \"Indeed it does!\" Flurry Heart giggled as she jumped on Vincent's shoulders. \"Flurry Heart?\" Vincent asked, recognizing her from his father's stories. Flurry Heart giggled and hung her head upside down while looking into his green eyes with her violet eyes. \"Hello, funny head!\" Vincent soon fell slightly as Flurry Heart got off his back and waved her wings to keep herself in the air. \"Aunt Twilight says you're here to learn a lesson.\" Flurry Heart told Vincent. \"What lesson am I supposed to learn here?\" Vincent asked the young alicorn princess. \"You'll find out.\" Flurry Heart said before disappearing. \"Don't leave me here!\" Vincent begged. \"This place is for babies!\" His voice soon echoed. \"GAAAAUGH!\" he groaned and then fell to the ground as he was trapped here with no way out. Soon enough, the sun was setting, and Vincent had to admit that the sunset was beautiful. \"Oh, so colorful...\" Vincent smiled as his artist side flared up. He soon saw Christopher Robin and Pooh were making their way back to the tree. He stared at the sky as he thought it would make a lovely picture, but he soon shook his head and chased after Christopher Robin and Pooh to see what they were up to. \"This story is boring,\" Tony complained. \"I thought you guys did something exciting!\" Lee soon taped Tony's mouth shut again and made sure he didn't take it off. Tony glared as he hated this. \"I know, it sounds cutesy right now, but it actually kinda gets scary after that night.\" Vincent replied. This suddenly got Tony interested. \"But there were three things we would have to remember later on.\" Vincent said. \"Three things?\" Megan asked. Vincent nodded and he then continued his story. \"And so they stayed together, doing all the things a boy and a bear could do,\" Rosie's voice narrated. \"And when the day began to end, Christopher Robin had quite forgotten he still had something to tell Pooh.\" \"Pooh Bear,\" Christopher Robin said to his best friend. \"There's one thing we didn't do today.\" \"And what was that?\" Pooh asked. \"Oh, nothing.\" Christopher Robin said. \"Nothing? Christopher Robin, Vincent, what is nothing?\" Pooh asked them. \"Well, I'm told it means going along, listening to all the things you can't hear, and not bothering.\" Christopher Robin replied. \"It's when people say 'What are you two doing?' and you say 'Oh, nothing.', and you do it.\" Vincent added. \"This is sort of a nothing we're doing right now.\" Christopher Robin added. \"Mom gets mad at me if I'm doing nothing,\" Vincent chuckled. He soon saw that now was the time to joke as Christopher Robin looked like he was going to say something. \"Eh... Sorry...\" he smiled sheepishly. Christopher Robin sighed as he leaned up against the trunk with his hands behind his head. \"I wish it could last forever.\" \"Well, then we must do it again tomorrow and the tomorrow after and the tomorrow following that.\" Pooh replied. Christopher Robin knew that this wasn't easy. \"Pooh Bear,\" he spoke up softly. \"What if... Someday, there came a tomorrow when we're apart?\" Pooh soon smiled and was distracted by fireflies. Vincent rolled his eyes as Pooh was easily distracted until he looked to the fireflies and smiled as it made him think of the Princess and the Frog story about Tiana and Prince Naveen. \"As long as we're apart together, I'm sure we'll be fine.\" Pooh smiled as he followed the fireflies. \"Yes, yes, of course,\" Christopher Robin replied as this was harder than he thought it would be since Pooh Bear wasn't the sharpest knife in the drawer. \"But... If we weren't together if I were... Somewhere else?\" \"Oh, but you really couldn't be, as I would be quite lost without you,\" Pooh replied as he caught a firefly in his paws before it flew him up in the air and soon flew out of sight and out of mind. \"Who would I call on those days when I'm just not strong enough? Or... Brave enough?\" \"Well, actually-\" Christopher Robin tried. \"And who would I ask when I needed advice when I didn't know which way to go?\" Pooh said as he tried catch the fireflies again. \"Pooh, we-\" Christopher Robin tried again. \"We,\" Pooh replied as he then climbed again. \"We simply wouldn't be...\" he then suddenly yawned. \"Oh, Pooh...\" Christopher Robin sighed to him before climbing up to be with the bear. \"If ever there's a tomorrow when we're not together, there's something you must remember.\" \"And what might that be, Christopher Robin?\" Pooh yawned. \"You're braver than you believe,\" Christopher Robin listed. \"And stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.\" \"That's easy to remember.\" Vincent said. His eyes then seemed to glow as those qualities would be important for later. \"It really is,\" Pooh giggled with Vincent. \"You're braver than a bee, and, uh, longer than a tree, and taller than a goose! Or was it a moose?\" he then looked like he was about to fall asleep. \"Uh-oh, looks like someone's falling asleep.\" Vincent smiled. \"No, silly old bear,\" Christopher Robin giggled to Pooh. \"You're braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think,\" he then added one more thing. \"But the most important thing is even if we're apart, I'll always be with you.\" Pooh had soon fell asleep. Vincent soon yawned as he felt tired himself. \"I'll see both of you after school.\" Christopher Robin whispered to him as Vincent brought Pooh down from the tree to get him home. \"See you then.\" Vincent nodded as he then went to bring Pooh home to get some sleep and where it was easy to find. Vincent put Pooh Bear in his pajamas and helped him into bed the way that his mother would to him and his siblings or how Estelle would with her baby dolls. He soon felt tired. He then looked to the couch and took out an extra pillow and blanket and decided to get some sleep as he had no other choice. 'Whatever lesson I'm supposed to learn here, I hope I learn it soon.' Vincent thought to himself. He soon yawned and fell asleep. \"And now, the adventure really begins...\" Vincent's voice narrated. \"Finally.\" Tony's voice muffled.[Chapter 2] The next morning came in the Hundred Acre Wood. Vincent yawned as he woke up, he hoped that it was all a dream, but soon woke up on Pooh Bear's couch and as he recognized the setting, he was disappointed to see that he was still in 'The Baby Zone'. 'Oh, great.' Vincent thought to himself. \"It's the first day of Autumn!\" Pooh cheered from upstairs. \"Great, he's awake...\" Vincent complained. \"Good morning, Vincent.\" Pooh smiled as he rushed out. \"Good morning, Pooh Bear, where's the fire?\" Vincent replied.' \"Oh, no fire here, I'm off to see Christopher Robin for another fun day.\" Pooh smiled. \"Oh, wait, he won't be there!\" Vincent tried to stop him. Unfortunately for him, Pooh was too happy to listen as he soon jumped into a pile of leaves only to see that he had landed on a honey pot. Vincent sighed. \"WAIT! Hey, hang on a second!\" he then rushed out to join the stuffed bear. \"A time of hot chocolaty mornings and toasting marshmallow evenings,\" Pooh smiled as he thought of the things he loved the most about the Fall season. \"And best of all, leaping into leaves! Oh, someone's left a honey pot... All alone and lonely...\" \"Pooh Bear!\" Vincent called out. \"STOP! Christopher Robin is-\" He soon saw the honey pot had a note on it, telling him it was from Christopher Robin while the stuffed bear didn't know as he was going to eat from it. Vincent sighed as he came by the honey pot as the bear ate it. \"Well, at least Christopher Robin was nice enough to leave a note with that honey...\" he had to admit. \"Just don't leave a note for Spike in a pile of sapphires or rubies.\" Again, Pooh wasn't listening as he was eating the honey. Vincent just sighed to this. \"Seriously, why am I here?\" he then asked. \"Why couldn't Estelle be sent here? She's the baby in the family.\" He soon followed Pooh again as he went to the tree to ask Christopher Robin what to do. Vincent sighed as Pooh was rather lost and simple-minded. Once there, Pooh didn't seem to find Christopher Robin anywhere near the tree. \"Pooh, there's something you should know.\" Vincent tried to explain. \"I think I know what to do,\" Pooh replied. \"I'll ask Piglet for help.\" \"This is not going as well as I had thought.\" Vincent said. Soon enough, Pooh came to Piglet's house and knocked on the door as he held the pot in his hands. \"Piglet? Piglet! Christopher Robin is gone!\" As he was at the door, random acorns fell down and hit Pooh on the head. \"Why Piglet, what ever are you doing?\" Pooh asked as he looked high up into the tree where his tiny friend was. \"Piglet, get down from there, it's not safe!\" Vincent called out. \"I'm doing just what Christopher Robin said I should do!\" Piglet called back. \"I'm going to look my fear of heights right in the face and conquer it,\" he then gasped as the branches began to snap. \"That is, if it doesn't conquer me first!\" \"I think he meant for you to do it at a safe height!\" Vincent told him. Piglet looked down and covered his eyes as he looked deathly frightened. \" CHRISTOPHER ROBIN! \" \"Don't worry, I'm coming, Piglet!\" Vincent called out before starting to climb the tree. \"Are you looking for him too?!\" Pooh called out to Piglet before he got tackled by a certain other. Vincent tried to not look down as he was going to help Piglet. After climbing for a while, finally got to Piglet, only to feel the tree shaking. \"Oh, easy, easy, easy!\" Vincent said to himself as he tried not to lose his balance. \"You're not Christopher Robin.\" Piglet said to Vincent. \"My name's Vincent; I'm going to help you down.\" Vincent said as he tried to reach out for him. Piglet trembled and reached out for Vincent to be let safely down. \"It's okay, I got you.\" Vincent comforted as he held Piglet down. The tree shook again and he soon saw why as he saw a familiar tiger-like stuffed animal bouncing up and down on his tail. \"TIGGER!\" Vincent yelped. \"Who's that?\" The tiger wondered. \"Tigger, this is Vincent.\" Pooh introduced. \"Well, hello there, Vincey boy.\" Tigger smiled. \"Uh, Tigger, maybe you should stop bouncing before you cause the acorns to fall out of the tree?\" Vincent suggested as he was about to reach the bottom. He held Piglet close in his arms to get the poor pig safely to the bottom where Pooh and Tigger were, and where as he gets to the ground, all of the acorns fell off the tree. \"Well, that could've ended badly.\" he smiled sheepishly to the result. The acorns seemed to flood and carry them off as a certain rabbit was in his carrot garden. \"I just had to open my big mouth.\" Vincent sighed. The others giggled slightly to Vincent as he bore a deadpan expression. \"Poor Rabbit...\" Vincent sighed as he folded his arms before continuing the story. Vincent soon saw a familiar donkey stuffed animal in front of them building his house. \"It doesn't matter if you think you're not ripe,\" Rabbit glared at the carrot he tried to pull out of his garden. \"This is Rabbit's garden, and Rabbit does his harvesting BY THE BOOK!\" \"Wow, and I thought Mom had garden issues,\" Vincent muttered. \"Uh, you might wanna move out of the way, Rabbit!\" Rabbit's eyes widened and he turned to see the acorn swarm and yelped as he was soon wiped into it. \"Told you should have gotten out of the way.\" Vincent said. \"Hello, Rabbit!\" Pooh smiled innocently. Eeyore soon placed a branch on top of his pile which was his house. \"Not much of a house... Just right for not much of a donkey...\" The donkey sighed in slight depression. He soon felt the ground shake from the incoming acorns and boy and other stuffed animals. They all then soon crashed against each other. \"Easy come... Easy go...\" Eeyore sighed before the branches broke apart from each other. \"Sorry about that, Eeyore!\" Vincent told him. \"Excuse me, Rabbit, but would you happen to have a, um... a, um... Christopher Robin about you?\" Pooh asked as Rabbit had trouble balancing with the acorns. \"No, I haven't seen him!\" Rabbit replied before falling yet again. \"Here, let me help.\" Vincent said as he placed Piglet on the ground without any acorns on the ground before helping Rabbit. \"Oh, bother,\" Pooh frowned since Christopher Robin didn't seem to be anywhere. \"He isn't where he should be and wasn't where we were, and seems not to be anywhere where he can tell me whose honey this is.\" \"The name is probably on the note on it.\" Vincent stated the obvious as he got Rabbit on the ground without any acorns under his feet. \"Thank you, young man.\" Rabbit said to Vincent. \"No problem.\" Vincent replied. \"Well, it isn't mine and I don't have time,\" Rabbit said to Pooh about the honey. \"It's Harvest Day!\" \"That would explain why you were in your garden.\" Vincent said. \"Oh, you're familiar with Harvest Day, are you?\" Rabbit replied. \"Yeah, it's one of the things that drives my mom crazy.\" Vincent chuckled as he remembered how Mo would react in these situations. \"Then that must mean she's a gardener.\" Rabbit smiled. \"Most of the time, yeah,\" Vincent replied. \"Mom just loves nature.\" \"Then it must be mine.\" Tigger said about the honey pot. \"I thought tiggers hated honey.\" Vincent smirked. \"Honey?!\" Tigger groaned after he took a pawful of some in his mouth and held out the jar in dismay. \"Yuck! Tiggers do not like honey!\" \"It isn't mine,\" Eeyore droned dully. \"Then again, few things are.\" \"Read the note.\" Vincent said simply. \"Read the note!\" Rabbit repeated. \"Why Vincent, how clever of you, I'll just read it.\" Vincent rolled his eyes, but then smiled. \"Or I would... If I could...\" Pooh then said. \"It might because of the honey on it.\" Vincent said. \"Could you read it, Vincent?\" Pooh asked. \"Let me try...\" Vincent took the note and looked rather stuck. \"Wow, that honey really did a number on this note.\" \"Oh, let me read it.\" Rabbit said. Vincent then handed the note to Rabbit to see if he could make any sense of it only for him to read out gibberish. \"Can no one in this place read?!\" Vincent face-palmed. \"We could visit Owl?\" Pooh suggested. \"He's our best bet.\" Vincent said.[Chapter 3] They all then went to visit Owl so they could get to the bottom of the mystery of where Christopher Robin was. \"Guys, it's Autumn, and that means that Christopher Robin is in-\" Vincent tried to tell them. Unfortunately for him, they weren't listening. \"Is anyone listening to me?!\" Vincent complained. \"Shh!\" Rabbit shushed him. \"Owl is working!\" \"Ugh!\" Vincent groaned. Owl scraped some honey off of the note and was able to read the words. \"'Dear Pooh', it begins,\" he then said before continuing to read. \"'Worry... About... Me. I'm... Going... Far away. Help', and the note is signed 'Cram Fromin Bobin'.\" \"Oh, brother...\" Vincent whispered. \"Oh, Christopher Robin.\" Owl then chuckled as he read the name clearer. \"Christopher Robin?\" Rabbit asked in concern. \"Gone far away?\" Piglet added. \"Oh, what a frightful thought!\" \"There's still some honey on the note, so it might tell us where he went if you take some more honey off it.\" Vincent said. Pooh stared out the window as he looked very forlorn without Christopher Robin being there. \"He has gone to...\" Owl looked through the note. \"S-C-H-O-O-L!\" he then gasped. 'Skull.\" He soon closed his curtains and lit a candle to make it sound scary. \"Skull?\" Pooh asked. \"What kind of place is that?\" \"Actually S-C-H-O-O-L spells-\" Vincent tried to explain only to be shut out by Pooh and his friends. \"Well, by the sound of it, it must be a scary and dangerous place.\" Owl said before having trouble with the sticky note. \"Why do I even bother?\" Vincent complained as the other ignored him. \"It was tough to get anything through to them,\" Vincent told the others. \"I had the worst headache, but soon, it would all be worth it.\" \"Well, then we must bring him back to us and me.\" Pooh frowned as he took the note from Owl. \"Then it's a quest, is it?\" Owl replied in delight. \"Oh, that's the spirit!\" he then went to his shelves to find supplies. \"A long and dangerous journey through the great unknown. Of course, you'll need a map.\" \"D-D-Dangerous?\" Piglet whimpered. Owl soon brought out a blank rolled up paper. The others soon gathered as Owl went to work while Vincent looked irritated the more time he spent in the Hundred Acre Wood. \"You... You wouldn't suppose we'd meet any, uh... H-H-H-Heffalumps?\" Piglet asked nervously after he climbed on top of Eeyore. \"Oh, thank you, I nearly forgot!\" Owl chuckled as he took out a quill to draw out a map for the others. \"Herds of heffalumps!\" \"Jag-u-lars?\" Pooh asked, scared. \"W-W-What about w-w-woozles?\" Tigger asked. \"Oh, just about a few there and yonder and not to mention, the horrifying skullosaurus.\" Owl said as he made the map. Vincent never heard of these creatures, but they sounded kinda scary. \"Surely it can't be worse than anything from the Everfree Forest.\" he replied nervously even though Timberwolves weren't feared as much as they used to be since Apple Bloom started going out with Timber. He soon heard music playing, telling him that a song was going to be sung soon. \"S-S-Skullas-s-saurus?\" Tigger sounded terrified. \"Oh, come, come, come,\" Owl replied before flying toward them. \"Without a monster or two it's hardly a quest, merely a gaggle of friends wandering about.\" He soon started to laugh out of excitement. Vincent felt more and more disturbed, though he was sure there was nothing to be afraid of and everyone was just being babyish, but he was soon starting to feel scared himself. \"How I envy you!\" Owl smiled to the others. \"Not everyone has the chance to face the unspeakable terrors of the great unknown.\" \"I'm sure there's nothing to be afraid of...\" Vincent replied uneasily. \"Today's the day, In only a matter of moments, You'll all be on your way~\" Owl began to sing to the others. \"What lurks around the corner, Not a soul can say, But I can guess~\" He soon showed a scary shadow figure, scaring Piglet who hide in Pooh's red shirt. \"More or less hidden dangers put to rest, oh, the glory of adventure is close at hand~\" Owl sang. Piglet shivered as he hid in immense fear. \"It's gonna be grand, Adventure is a wonderful thing~\" Owl sang with glee. 'I feel like this is only going to be terrifying.' Vincent thought to himself. Tigger became scared once Owl came behind him. \"Hidden dangers, great duress,\" Owl smirked to him before dancing toward Eeyore. \"Ah, the moment of glory is close at hand~\" Owl soon came to Pooh and gave him a simple honey pot. \"Pack only the essentials, I'll tell you what to bring~\" Owl smiled to Pooh. Pooh smiled back as he was given the honey pot, but soon looked rather weak as he was packed with several items including his friends. \"Your strength, your nerve, Your hearts, your wits, And for skullasaurus attacks, A first aid kit~\" Owl continued. \"Of course.\" Vincent said before seeing the others getting lost. \"Adventure is a hoot and a half, You'll face unearthly dangers, and look at them and laugh~\" Owl sang as he marked paths for them to pass through. Piglet was of course scared about being lost and looked horrified at the sights Owl had mentioned. \"The claws, the teeth, The chase, the thrill, You'll never want to come home, Maybe you never will~\" Owl continued. \"Wait, what?!\" Vincent gulped. \"That's the beauty of adventure, It's strictly sink or float, It runs you till you're ragged, Then it grabs you by the throat, You struggle to survive it, Though the chances are remote~\" Owl continued. \"Lucky you, wish I was coming too, Adventure is a wonderful thing~\" 'This guy seemed less crazy than he is right now.' Vincent thought to himself. \"I almost forgot the best part, you not only get to save your best friend from the most dangerous named Skull, but the most dangerous part of the most dangerous place! The eye of the skull itself.\" Owl said dramatically. \"Perhaps you could join us?\" Pooh suggested nervously. \"No, no, you go ahead!\" Owl replied as he pulled a trap door to get them out of his house to start their grand adventure. \"Hey!\" Vincent yelled. \"Oh, lucky you!\" Owl beamed as they fell out with their honey pot and map and themselves. \"Tallyho and toodle-oo! Ready now? Noble-chinned! Chest out, tummy in! Make a fracas, have a fling. Drop a postcard, give a ring. Get the lead out!\" \"Oh, no, you don't! You're coming with us!\" Vincent glared as he grabbed Owl and brought him with them. Owl yelped as he seemed forced suddenly. \"You're getting us into this and you're gonna get us out!\" Vincent snapped. \"Smart thinking, Vincent.\" Rabbit smirked. Vincent smirked back. \"Oh, are you sure I'm allowed?\" Owl asked. \"You wanted to come, so why not?\" Vincent smirked to Owl. \"I did say that, didn't I?\" Owl gulped. \"Yes, you did, now come on.\" Vincent replied.[Chapter 4] \"And so Pooh and his friends crossed over into, well, that part of the Hundred Acre Wood which Owl called 'the great unknown',\" Rosie narrated. \"'It was the start of their quest for Christopher Robin. They would find him, Owl said, if they could get through the woods. For the woods, Owl said, were filled with heffalumps, and woozles, and, who knew how much worse?'\" \"Ow! Ow! Ow! Why did there have to be thorns?!\" Vincent complained. \"Look!\" Pooh pointed ahead. \"What is it?\" Vincent asked. \"The 'Upside Down Rock',\" Owl informed as he pointed the place out on his map for the others. \"If you've made it this far, you're where monsters are.\" \"What?!\" Vincent yelped. There was soon a distant howling heard which made all of them extremely nervous. \"What was that?\" Piglet smiled nervously. \"Sounds too hungry for a heffalump.\" Tigger replied. \"That sounded just like a w-w-wolf.\" Vincent gulped. They all soon backed up nervously as the sound continued. \"I'd say it's a big old buggy-eyed, sabre-toothy skullasaurus.\" Owl suggested. \"Well, we better hope it's neither since wolves are carnivores which means they eat meat.\" Vincent gulped. \"Which way do we run?\" Tigger moaned. \"Where do we run?!\" Piglet yelped. \"What's the shortest shortcut home?!\" Rabbit whimpered. \"Owl, please, tell us which way to go!\" Vincent begged. \"Pooh's in charge, he should decide.\" Owl replied. \"Oh, um,\" Pooh looked at the map and pointed to the left. \"I believe that way is a good way.\" \"Run!\" Vincent yelled. The others soon ran one way as suggested and directed. \"Although, this way could be better?\" Pooh then suggested, pointing to the right. \"Run! Run!\" Vincent yelled. \"If not over here...\" Pooh then tried. They all soon began to run around in circles. Vincent soon came to Pooh Bear's side as he was annoyed and aggravated. \"Let me see that!\" He glared, annoyed. \"Oh, sure, here you go, Vincent.\" Pooh chuckled as he handed the map over to the boy. Vincent swiped it and then took a look at it. \"We're getting nowhere fast, Pooh, and that just won't do,\" Rabbit scolded. \"A leader must be someone leaderly, quick-thinking, informed. Someone like-\" 'Oh, brother; I better just give it to Rabbit so he can just stop trying to make it sound like he's talking about someone else.' Vincent thought to himself. He then gave him the map. \"Oh, me?\" Rabbit smiled smugly. \"Why, Vincent, you shouldn't have.\" The growling sound soon returned and Rabbit quickly took a map to find a way out of there. \"Why not take a walk across that lovely meadow?\" Owl suggested. \"I agree.\" Vincent gulped. They then went that way, only for black crows to call and scatter out of the way as the lovely meadow was anything but. \"So many spikes...\" Vincent said nervously as he tried not to get stabbed by any of the thorns. \"Rabbit, are you sure we're going in the right direction?\" \"Oh, look!\" Rabbit smiled to a plant. \"Is that a golden dahlia daffodilus?\" \"Looks like a Venus Fly Trap to me.\" Vincent shrugged as he didn't understand Latin. \"Uh...It appears that you might be correct, Vincent.\" Rabbit said nervously. \"What exactly is this location, Rabbit?\" Pooh asked as he climbed over some thorny branches. \"And might it be nearer Christopher Robin than farther?\" \"Owl, you wrote the map, you can tell us where we are.\" Vincent said. \"Why, we're right here, where else would we be?\" Owl replied. Vincent face-palmed. \"But where is here?\" \"I believe I labeled this as a Nice, Peaceful Spot.\" Owl shrugged himself. \"And before that would it be Scary, Thorny Path?\" Vincent gulped. \"Hmm... Let me see here...\" Owl took his map as he was the only one who didn't seem to be scared. Piglet yelped and winced as he kept getting poked by the thorns. \"Oh, d-d-dear!\" he trembled in pain. \"This is not the place for a small and frightfully fearful animal such as myself.\" \"Don't worry, we won't be here for long.\" Vincent assured him. Tigger and Eeyore soon caught up. There was soon a growling heard again which scared everyone instantly. \"W-What is that?\" Vincent gulped. Piglet ran off as he was the most scared. \"Piglet, come back!\" Pooh called out to him. \"I can't lose you too!\" \"Piglet, wait!\" Vincent called out. Piglet kept running and running until he was then out of the thorns and into a new spot which actually did look peaceful. Vincent ran after Piglet, wincing at some thorns and some of his clothes got ripped and torn in the process and where he saw a meadow. \"Oh, kinda reminds me of Dapplewood...\" he commented after he saw the peaceful and quiet meadow outside of the thorn garden. Piglet looked all around and smiled as he liked this much better. \"It sure looks peaceful, doesn't it?\" Vincent smiled to Piglet. \"It really does...\" Piglet agreed before he ran out to check it out. Vincent decided that maybe this adventure wouldn't be too bad. Piglet and Vincent soon laughed as they decided to have fun in the meadow together and where soon enough, the rest of the group came. \"Aunt Gloriosa would love it here...\" Vincent smiled as the butterflies danced around him. \"Hello there, little guys.\" One butterfly seemed to be tugging at his hood while another one tugged at Piglet's collar. \"My, my,\" Pooh smiled as he came with the others. \"I believe you've made some new friends, Piglet and Vincent.\" \"We sure have.\" Vincent smiled. \"I believe you're right, Pooh.\" Piglet giggled himself. \"These little guys sure do like us.\" Vincent smiled. The butterflies then seemed to whistle and summoned more butterflies toward Piglet and Vincent. \"Uh, why are there more of them coming to us?\" Vincent asked. \"Face it, Piglet and Vincey Boy, old pal,\" Tigger chuckled. \"You're just plain popular.\" \"Some piglets and boys have it, some donkeys don't.\" Eeyore sulked. \"That sounds like it was great.\" Megan's voice said. \"It would have if the butterflies hadn't tried to take me and Piglet away.\" Vincent's voie replied. \"Wait, that can happen?\" Marc asked in surprise as he was at his laptop, but he was listening to the story. \"Yep,\" Vincent said. \"They tried to take us away with them.\" \"Gosh...\" Marc muttered. Back in the story, the butterflies tried to fly Vincent and Piglet away. \"Whoa!\" Vincent yelped. \"Oh! I believe, Piglet and Vincent, they want to take you home with them.\" Pooh smiled to Piglet and Vincent. \"Um, well, I'm sorry, little guys, but we're kind of busy at the moment.\" Vincent said. \"Boys, don't leave!\" Pooh ran after them as the butterflies kept carrying them. \"Tell that to the butterflies!\" Vincent told him. \"Jump, guys, we'll catch ya, likely as not!\" Tigger called out. \"We'll try to get free from the butterflies!\" Vincent told him. \"Oh, Vincent, I don't think we'll ever get down.\" Piglet covered his eyes. \"Yes, we will.\" Vincent said. \"Perhaps you could ask your friends to bring you back?\" Pooh suggested. \"We'll try.\" Vincent said. \"I'm not sure where back is though.\" Piglet replied as he had his eyes covered since he hated heights. \"Uncover your eyes.\" Vincent told him. \"I-I can't...\" Piglet shook his head. \"Uh, butterflies, could get me and Piglet closer together?\" Vincent asked. The butterflies then seemed to be fulfilling his request. Vincent and Piglet were now right next to each other. Vincent soon grabbed hold Piglet's right hand with his left hand. Piglet whimpered as he was too scared to even look. \"It's okay, Piglet, I'm right here.\" Vincent comforted the coward of Pooh and his gang. Piglet soon got less scared as he started to uncover his eyes. \"It's okay, it's okay...\" Vincent comforted Piglet. \"Don't be scared.\" Piglet began to try to open his eyes. He was still nervous, but he seemed to feel a lot more comfortable and calm with Vincent by his side. 'Maybe what Christopher Robin said yesterday will help.' Vincent thought to himself. Pooh tried to advise Piglet with what Christopher Robin told him yesterday before he 'mysteriously disappeared' although he pronounced it wrong. Vincent sighed and shook his head at Pooh Bear's little errors. \"Piglet, he meant to say your braver than you believe.\" He said. \"Braver than I believe?\" Piglet asked. \"Yes, you might feel scared now, but bravery really comes from deep within, like your heart.\" Vincent advised. \"I-If you say so.\" Piglet trembled as he tried to open his eyes all the way. He was still a little scared as he was high in the sky, but he soon settled down. \"Now, we just have the butterflies to deal with.\" Vincent said. \"How do we get them to let us down?\" Piglet wondered. \"Uh, excuse me, butterflies, we love this and all, but we'd prefer the ground please, thank you very much.\" Vincent told the butterflies, thanking in the way that Eloise often did like when charging Room Service. \"So, did it work?\" Lee asked. \"It worked for the most part,\" Vincent replied. \"A lot better than I thought it would.\" The butterflies soon placed both of them back on the ground. Vincent and Piglet smiled to each other as they were back on the ground. They were now standing in a beautiful flower garden. \"Ooh, nice.\" Vincent smiled. \"Brave indeed...\" Rabbit mumbled as he dizzily stood up from the flower field. \"Now, i-if you don't mind, uh, Cressifer Ribbon... Rissifer Crobbin... Rossifer Crubbin... Is, uh, this way.\" \"Lead the way, Rabbit.\" Owl said. Vincent rolled his eyes. \" You made the map!\" \"Oh, but Rabbit is the navigator.\" Owl replied innocently. \"Fair enough.\" Vincent groaned. Tigger, Owl, and Eeyore then began to follow after Rabbit. \"Are you all right, boys?\" Pooh asked Piglet and Vincent. \"Yeah, we're okay.\" Vincent said. Piglet bowed his head as he doubted himself as brave. \"What's wrong, Piglet?\" Vincent asked. \"Oh, Vincent, you were the brave one, not me.\" Piglet replied. \"Piglet, you are brave; one day, your bravery will show.\" Vincent said. \"You think so?\" Piglet asked. \"I know so,\" Vincent smiled. \"You just gotta believe in yourself!\" \"I-I'll try.\" Piglet said. \"I know you can do it,\" Vincent encouraged. \"You're braver than you believe.\" \"I-If you say so.\" Piglet gulped. Vincent took Piglet's hand and they soon caught up with the others to find Christopher Robin. \"Was the rest of the journey scary?\" Tony asked after he took off the tape, suddenly not finding this story to be babyish. \"It was very scary and creepy,\" Vincent nodded. \"I felt so lost and scared, especially without Mom and Dad there.\" \"Whoa,\" Tony said. \"Did you guys have to walk across a scary bridge?\" \"There was a lookout hill, Forbidden Mountains, and it was starting to get dark the further we went...\" Vincent sighed. \"Whoa! How long did his school last?\" Megan asked. \"It felt like forever back then,\" Vincent replied. \"Akito, Estelle, and I hadn't experienced a real school except for maybe Royal Prep when we went with Sofia in Enchancia.\" \"Nice.\" Tony smiled. \"Oh, there was also that time at Hawthorne Prep with Eloise and Jenny.\" Akito reminded. \"Yes, but that shouldn't have happened,\" Vincent replied. \"That was a horrible school.\" \"Totally.\" Estelle said. \"So, what happened next?\" Tony asked. \"It was beginning to get dark and gloomy,\" Vincent continued which made Felicity smile. \"This way and that way, the map led us to all the places Christopher Robin wasn't, but to none of the places he was. And still Rabbit refused to realize the map didn't know which way it was going. Darn it, Owl.\"[Chapter 5] \"Owl, are you sure we're going in the right direction?\" Vincent asked. \"Ask Rabbit, he's the-\" Owl was about to say. \"I'm not asking the navigator, I'm asking the one who made the map.\" Vincent cut off sharply. \"Uh, well, uh...\" Owl gulped. Vincent narrowed his eyes. \"Yes, Owl?\" \"I'm not sure...\" Owl admitted. \"Wait, so you just drew random pictures?!\" Vincent glared. \"I suppose that would be correct.\" Owl replied honestly and innocently. \"Oh, come on!\" Vincent complained. \"It's not so bad.\" Owl replied. \"NOT SO BAD?!\" Vincent replied. \" WE'RE LOST IN THE MIDDLE OF NOWHERE! \" His voice seemed to echo as they were now going to cross a log. \"So, we first head east by south, then south by east,\" Rabbit looked through the map as Tigger imitated him. \"Of course, minus the magnetic variation, plus the wind drift, we clearly go, uh, this way!\" \"Uh, okay.\" Vincent said. \"I wonder if those rather forbidding looking things might be the Forbidden Mountains, where Christopher Robin is?\" Pooh suggested. \"Maybe.\" Vincent gulps. \"You're right, Pooh!\" Rabbit agreed. \"You found 'em, buddy bear!\" Tigger added. \"Let's get to those mountains then.\" Vincent smiled. \"Excuse me?\" Rabbit stopped them all. \"The way to there is over here.\" he then pointed to the right. Pooh and Tigger looked to each other in confusion. Vincent soon turned Rabbit around to where a log bridge was. \"Now, which are you going to believe?\" Rabbit smiled coolly to Vincent. \"This official map or your own eyes?\" \"Uh, Rabbit, I think that bridge looks like it leads to the other side.\" Vincent said. \"Oh, Vincent, you should learn to trust others.\" Rabbit patted him on the head like he was a foolish child. 'Restrain yourself, Vincent, restrain yourself.' Vincent thought to himself. \"Look for yourselves and you'll see we're right on course,\" Rabbit handed the map to both Vincent and Pooh with a chuckle. \"It's all right there in black and white.\" \"It looks confusing.\" Vincent said. Pooh seemed to be flying with the map as it blew in the wind. \"Why would anyone want to wander around wondering which way to go when they have a map to follow?\" Rabbit smiled. \"What if the map was flying away?\" Vincent asked. Rabbit soon took the map from Pooh's paws which sent the bear to fall on the ground. \"That was close.\" Vincent sighed. \"A map is not a guess, an estimation or a hunch,\" Rabbit began. \"A feeling or a foolish intuition.\" \"Oh, please, don't start singing.\" Vincent groaned. Unfortunately for him, it was too late. Vincent covered his ears before he fell to the ground in annoyance. \"I'll just skip the song.\" Vincent's voice said as the story soon fast forwarded to where the map was being blown out of Rabbit's hand. Megan giggled a little. Vincent smiled as this story was being entertaining for everyone. Mo came in with a smile and left a plate of her famous snickerdoodles and patted Vincent on the head before going back into the kitchen to clean up. \"So, the wind blew the map out of his hand?\" Tony asked as he ate a cookie. \"Yeah, and it was worse when the map split apart and we only had half.\" Vincent nodded. \"Where did the other half end up?\" Megan asked. \"Oh, yeah... That...\" Vincent smiled nervously as he remembered. After the map ripped in half, they all rushed to get the other half. Tigger tried to bounce high to get the other half of the map only to not be able to reach it. \"At least his tail isn't caught.\" Vincent smiled sheepishly. CRASH! \"I jinxed it, didn't I?\" Vincent was too afraid to look. \"Hmm... I wonder what's causing this tail to fail?\" Tigger pondered as he picked up his tail as he sat on the broken log bridge. \"Maybe it just doesn't have what it takes.\" 'Is he about to doubt himself?' Vincent thought to himself. Tigger looked down as this instantly felt dangerous. \"Yikes! Christopher Robin!\" \"I better help him.\" Vincent said. Tigger whimpered as he felt stuck. \"It's okay, Tigger, I'm coming.\" Vincent comforted. They were up really high, so Vincent had to be careful. \"Don't look down...\" Vincent gulped to himself as he went to help poor Tigger. He soon started to make his way to Tigger without looking down. He took a hold of Tigger and then looked up. \"Now, how do I get back up there?\" he then wondered. \"H-How should I know?\" Tigger shivered. The others looked down from high up in the cliff. \"Tigger, of all the safer places to be, I don't think this is one,\" Pooh told his striped friend. \"You could fall.\" \"Pooh, not helping in this situation!\" Vincent told him. The log started to crack and tumble. \"Aw, man, I gotta think of something fast!\" Vincent panicked. \"Tigger, can't you just bounce us out of here?\" \"The wind isn't right!\" Tigger explained to him nervously. This was the perfect time for another word from what Christopher Robin said the other day. \"But there isn't any wind.\" Piglet told Tigger. \"Okay, okay, you got me,\" Tigger whimpered. \"The truth is my tail just doesn't have enough strength.\" \"Tigger, you're stronger than you seem.\" Vincent said. \"Do ya think so, Vincey Boy?\" Tigger asked. \"I know so.\" Vincent smiled. Tigger smiled back. \"Now, go ahead and bounce!\" Vincent encouraged. Tigger soon gulped before looking up. \"Come on... You can do it...\" Vincent motivated. \"I... I can't!\" Tigger pouted. \"I'm goin' out the way I came in. A second-rate bouncer.\" 'This is bad.' Vincent thought to himself. The others soon tried to help, but Eeyore mostly just stood there. \"Seriously, Eeyore?!\" Vincent glared. \"I don't think I would be much help.\" Eeyore replied depressingly enough. \"At least try to help!\" Vincent said. \"Okay...\" Eeyore replied softly and drearily. He soon began to follow the others. Vincent grabbed onto his tail. Eeyore yelped and soon bit onto a root to keep them all from falling to death. \"Oh, my gosh, Vincent?!\" Tony yelped. \"Death in a Winnie the Pooh story?!\" The others then looked and smirked to him as he was getting interested in the story. \"Not like I care!\" Tony replied. \"So, what happened?\" Megan asked. \"We were literally hanging from a cliff,\" Vincent replied. \"I felt so bad for Eeyore, but he was holding us up and it got worse from there.\" Eeyore grunted and grumbled something out while he bit onto the root while holding the rest of them up. \"What did you say, Eeyore?\" Pooh asked. Eeyore let go of the root and glared down slightly. \"I said 'Owch'.\" \"You just let go of the root, didn't you?\" Vincent asked Eeyore. Eeyore then looked to notice that he did just that and they were all instantly falling down to a pit down below which made them all scream. \"I hope we have a soft landing!\" Vincent screamed. They all yelped until there was then a splash heard after they landed. \"River?\" Tony's voice asked. \"Actually, I think it was mud.\" Vincent's voice replied. \"Well, I was right about the soft part.\" Vincent groaned. \"Oh, Vincent, is that you?\" Piglet looked relieved after he came out, shaking off the mess off of his body. \"Yep, it's me.\" Vincent said as he got the mud off him. Pooh emerged from the mud himself and got it off of him instantly. \"Now, don't worry, Piglet,\" he comforted his cowardly and tiny friend. \"It's only me.\" \"Oh... Yikes!\" Piglet was soothed until he then saw something emerge from behind Vincent. \"What?\" Vincent asked. \"Now, don't worry, Piglet,\" Pooh smiled simply. \"It's only Tigger and Rabbit and Eeyore and Owl.\" \"Indeed.\" Owl nodded. \"The map!\" Rabbit beamed once he found the other half of the map that was in his paw. \"The map! Hoo-hoo! We have it! Whoo-hoo! We can go now!\" \"Uh, but how do we put them together?\" Vincent asked. \"Worry not, we can solve this.\" Owl promised. There was then the growling sound again which worried them all. \"Can we worry now?\" Vincent trembled. \"Y-Yes, now would be the perfect time.\" Owl gulped. Piglet, of course, had no trouble about worrying already. Vincent was there to comfort/soothe Piglet. They all then began to run away from the possible Skullasarus. \"I hope we find Christopher Robin soon!\" Vincent screamed.[Chapter 6] After they got out of the mud, they were now in a foggy and gray area which looked much like the Gray Area in the Netherworld which was forbidden, especially to those in training. \"T-This looks a little scary.\" Vincent gulped. \"What's the Gray Area?\" Tony asked. \"Don't ask.\" Akito and Estelle replied as he was better off not knowing especially since he was a mortal. Vincent sniffled as he felt so scared and lost now. \"I want my mommy!\" he then cried out. \"D-Don't worry, Vincent; everything will be alright.\" Rabbit gulped. Vincent quietly whimpered as he tried to settle down so he could set a good example. Rabbit pieced the map together as he took the navigation again. 'Hopefully nothing else happens.' Vincent thought to himself. \"I know we went over this way, a-a-and I came across it, but then I lost my way over and if I don't dig.\" Rabbit sounded lost. 'Is he doubting himself?' Vincent thought to himself. \"Might you know which way Christopher Robin is, uh, from here, Rabbit?\" Pooh asked. \"Uh, uh, well... I mean...\" Rabbit stammered as he held the map's pieces and then looked nervous as he tried to look calm and professional for them. \"You have no idea where we're going, do you?\" Vincent asked. \"Oh, Vincent, don't be ridiculous.\" Pooh laughed a bit. Rabbit soon tried west, east, and then tried going north, but it led him nowhere. \"I'm right, aren't I?\" Vincent asked. Rabbit soon looked defeated. \"It's okay,\" Vincent comforted. \"I have a hard time admitting I'm wrong sometimes too, like when my little brother argues with me.\" \"It's just that this has never happened to me before.\" Rabbit frowned. \"Come on, Rabbit, everybody makes mistakes, nobody's perfect...\" Vincent soothed before he randomly clapped. \"One! Two! Three! Four!\" he then began randomly singing. \"Everybody makes mistakes, Everybody has those days, Everybody knows what—what I'm talkin' 'bout, Everybody gets that way~\" Vincent then clapped out of the story and smiled nervously before frowning in deadpan to Akito, Estelle, Felicity, and the Clark siblings. \"Really? No one?\" he then muttered dryly as he referenced a Hannah Montana song to make the story funny. \"Sorry.\" Akito smiled sheepishly. \"Please, Vincent, I just got that song out of my head.\" Estelle added. \"Fine, I'll skip that song.\" Vincent groaned. \"Wait, you actually sang that song?\" Tony asked. \"What? It's a good song!\" Vincent shrugged. \"I felt influenced after Dad told us about that time he met Hannah Montana with Aunt Darla and her friends!\" \"Anyway, continue.\" Megan said. Vincent nodded as he soon skipped the random pop song he used to motivate Rabbit. After the song ended, Vincent soon panted as that song was kind of exhausting. \"Let's face it,\" Rabbit sighed. \"Without Christopher Robin, we don't have a chance of finding Christopher Robin.\" \"Now, now, it's been a long day, maybe we should get some rest.\" Vincent suggested. \"Maybe.\" Rabbit sighed. They came up to a cave and decided to stay in there for the night which reminded Vincent of the story he was told known as Sleepless in Ponyville when Applejack, Rarity, and Rainbow Dash camped out with Apple Bloom, Sweetie Bell, and Scootaloo. \"Well, we better get some sleep for now.\" Vincent gulped. They soon all came into the cave and decided to get some sleep. Rabbit used the map as a blanket. Unfortunately for him, Tigger's tail was close to him. Vincent took off his hoodie and then balled it up to make it into a pillow and lay down on it to get some sleep and where Tigger's snoring wasn't any help for either Rabbit or Vincent. Vincent groaned as he tried to ignore the snoring. \"It's worse than Dad with a cold...\" he then pouted as he turned over and hugged himself in his sleep before sighing as he then instantly felt homesick. Tigger's tail began to go up and down on Rabbit like a yo-yo. Vincent had a hard time getting comfortable, but quietly giggled as he saw this. And where Tigger's tail even pulled back Rabbit's ears. Vincent giggled as he found this to be quite funny. And so did his friends, siblings, and cousin. \"Poor Rabbit...\" Vincent commented with a small chuckle, but then both him and Rabbit noticed that Pooh wasn't in the cave or asleep. \"Where did Pooh go?\" He then wondered. \"I've tried to find you, Christopher Robin.\" Pooh's voice said. \"Sounds like he's outside.\" Rabbit whispered to Vincent as they tiptoed out of the cave. Vincent gestured for Rabbit to come along. Rabbit nodded and followed Vincent to see what Pooh was up to and where that was just outside next to a tree. \"I've looked all the places you aren't,\" Pooh sadly sulked as he walked about with the honey pot in his paws. \"I just can't find the places you are. I only know that you are, where I am not. And... Where am I? Oh, I wish you were here to tell me. Perhaps if I were to wish very, very hard.\" \"Come out, moon, Come out, wishing star, Come out, come out, wherever you are~\" Pooh sang with a frown as he climbed the tree. Scruffy and Dot came by until they stopped and heard the song that Vincent was telling from his story. \"Hey, I know this song,\" Dot said. \"This is the song that Mom and Atticus sang when Dad ran away and ended up in Shelter 17.\" \"Yeah.\" Scruffy nodded as they started to join in. Vincent smiled to the dogs as he then sang with them for the story. \"I'm out here in the dark~,\" Dot sang. \"All alone and wide awake, Come and find me, I'm empty and I'm cold~\" \"And my heart is about to break come and find me~\" Scruffy sang. \"I need you to come here, and find me, 'Cuz without you, I'm totally lost~\" Dot, Scruffy, and Pooh Bear sang together. \"I've hung a wish on every star, it hasn't done much work, so far I can only dream of you~\" \"Wherever you are~\" Dot sang as she had sparkles in her eyes from the singing. \"I'll hear you laugh, I'll see you smile, I'll be with you~\" Scruffy sang. \"Just for a while, but when the morning comes and the sun begins to rise, I will lose you because it's just a dream and the sun begins to rise, I will lose~\" Pooh sang with a frown as he started to climb down back to the ground. Megan sniffled as this song was starting to make her cry. \"I used to believe in forever, but forever's too good to be true, I've hung a wish on every star, it hasn't done much good so far~\" Scruffy and Dot sang. \"I don't know what else to do except to try to dream of you~\" Pooh sang as he got to the ground before opening the honey pot to look at his own reflection in the honey before putting the lid back on. \"And I wonder if you're dreaming too~\" \"Wherever you are~\" Scruffy, Dot, and Pooh sang. Pooh soon yawned as he started to getting tired. \"Oh, my..\" he said before finishing the song. \"Wherever you are~\" Megan sniffled and cried. \"That's so beautiful...\" \"Ah, Megs, I'm here...\" Marc comforted his sister. Even Tony had tears in his eyes from the song. Vincent soon yawned as he felt sleepier and now found comfort so he could get some sleep with Pooh and the gang and where Rabbit let Pooh use the map as a blanket. Vincent smiled to Rabbit as that was very nice. \"Sounds like you guys would have a peaceful sleep.\" Lee said. \"Yeah, it was for then...\" Vincent said before sighing. \"I really wish I could've had a warm blanket from Mom though with a glass of warm milk... She always knew how to make you feel safe and comfortable at home.\" \"So, did anything happen to wake you all up?\" Tony asked. \"Well, we didn't see the sun, but once we were all rested up, we woke up later on,\" Vincent replied as he went back into narration. \"Piglet woke up first and he woke us up with a scream.\" And where Piglet did do this right after seeing something scary. \"Huh?\" Vincent yawned as he then woke up from Piglet's fright. \"Piglet?\" Pooh asked once he woke up with Rabbit. Piglet continued to scream as he ran all over the place. Pooh, Rabbit, and Vincent walked over. Piglet stammered out of fear as he tried to warn the others of what had scared him. \"What is it, Piglet?\" Vincent asked. \"Say it and be specific!\" Rabbit seemed annoyed of Piglet's stuttering. Piglet eventually pointed and finally got it out. \"Skull...\" \"S-S-Skull?\" Vincent gulped. They all shivered and looked up to the cave that wasn't too far off from them. \"It's like the Skull Rock from Never Land...\" Vincent whimpered based on what he heard from the stories from his father and aunt. \"Christopher Robin is in the eye of that thing?!\" Tigger yelped. \"A-And we were inside the entrance without knowing it.\" Owl gulped. \"How are we gonna get way up there?\" Piglet asked. \"Owl?\" Vincent asked. \"We go in through there.\" Owl pointed to a secret way inside the cave. \"Well, here we go.\" Vincent gulped. \"But it's dark.\" Tigger pouted. \"We'll all go together.\" Vincent said. The others were very nervous about this however. Vincent went ahead, mustering up all his courage and gestured for the others to come after him. Pooh and the others soon followed after him.[Chapter 7] The growling was heard again on the way inside. \"S-Sounds like it's somewhere in here.\" Vincent gulped. Eeyore ran ahead, mostly from being scared as it was the fastest he's ever moved in his life. \"Whoa!\" Vincent yelped. \"The Skullasarus!\" Piglet cried out as he and the others ran into the cave after Eeyore. They soon arrived at a cross road. They walked inside the cave and looked all around on the way inside as they awaited any possible dangers. \"Which way now?\" Vincent asked. \"Keep going straight until we come to a small door.\" Owl instructed. \"Um, okay.\" Vincent said. They kept going until they saw a small door in the cave walls. Luckily, they could all fit, though most of them had to duck down while Piglet could simply walk through it. \"Alright, now what?\" Vincent asked. Everyone instinctively looked to Rabbit since he had the map. \"Now, uh, don't look at me...\" Rabbit gulped. \"But you have the map.\" Vincent said. \"Erm... Owl?\" Rabbit asked nervously. \"I'm not sure if I remember.\" Owl replied. \"What?!\" Vincent went wide-eyed. \"Oh, bother.\" Pooh seemed to even face-palm at this until he tried to think of something to help them out. 'This might be a good situation for him to do that.' Vincent thought to himself. \"Think, think...\" Pooh hit his head at first to come up with an idea. \"If each of us went where the other one hasn't... Think! And one were where another wasn't...\" 'I might have been wrong.' Vincent thought to himself. \"Uh, by which I mean to say perhaps we should split up?\" Pooh soon suggested. \"That's a brilliant idea!\" Vincent smiled. Pooh smiled back to Vincent. \"I'm so glad you liked it,\" he then giggled before already forgetting what he said. \"Whatever it was...\" \"About us splitting up.\" Vincent said. \"Oh, that's right.\" Pooh then smiled. And so, all of them soon went down different paths. \"Remember, we're splitting up.\" Vincent told the others. Everyone nodded before they all went down different paths. Vincent took his own path as he did his best to keep calm. He took a deep breath as he heard a song in his head that always seemed to calm him down. It was the song Jenny sang to Oliver on the piano during her lesson. The others had the same problem as their paths were scary. Piglet was of course too scared to go alone, so Pooh held his hand and they went one way together. \"You sang a song that a girl sang?\" Tony huffed. \"It's a beautiful song from the girl of my dreams.\" Vincent glared in defense. \"Whatever.\" Tony shrugged. \"Anyway...\" Vincent soon continued. \"Christopher Robin!\" Piglet called out wearily. \"Piglet?\" Vincent asked out of concern. \"V-V-Vincent, is that y-y-y-you?\" Piglet whimpered fearfully. \"Looks like our two paths end up in the same place.\" Vincent said. Piglet rushed to him and hugged his legs. \"I'm s-s-scared.\" \"Don't worry, I'm right here.\" Vincent soothed. \"Th-Th-Thank you.\" Piglet whimpered. They soon continued to walk. \"Christopher Robin!\" Eeyore called dully as he crossed a rock bridge and where he soon fell as it fell apart. Luckily, a vine was able to break his fall and where it flung him away. He then landed in a branch which was like a hand which tossed him up to a log stump that got stuck on his head. \"There's nothing to be afraid of,\" Rabbit smiled nervously as he fiddled with the map in his paws. \"It's just the wind. Yes, that's right. Yes. See, it's nothing. Nothing at all.\" he then screamed as he fell down a hole. \"R-Rabbit?\" Vincent gulped. Of course, no one answered him. \"L-Let's keep walking.\" Vincent gulped. He took deep breaths in and out on the way through the rather spooky cave. Tigger was looking for Christopher Robin down his path. He looked at every way he could in his path only to not find his best human friend and only to find bats. \"Oh, which way is the right way?\" Vincent moaned as he felt hopelessly lost. \"Which way did I come from? Which way do I go?\" Both him and Piglet soon hear Tigger's scream. \"Piglet? Vincent?\" Pooh looked around. Piglet and Vincent both soon got separated. \"Don't be scared, Piglet, we can get through this...\" Vincent said shakily before seeing he was alone. \"Piglet?!\" He soon gulped once he was all alone. He then looked down to see a shining symbol that resembled his mother's cutie mark when she would be in her Equestrian form. \"The Element of Bravery...\" he whispered to himself as he reached out to touch it. \"So, did you get it?\" Tony asked. \"I had to earn it...\" Vincent narrated as his eight-year-old self kept reaching for the element. 'The only thing to fear is fear itself.' Mo's voice told Vincent as he tried to take her element from Equestria. Vincent soon grabbed the element. He seemed to glow green like his favorite color which matched his and his mother's eyes. 'I know you can be brave, Vincent,' Mo's voice said in the boy's head. 'You were very brave on the streets of New York when your siblings needed your help and you've even saved the life of a precocious young girl who sees you as her Knight in Shining Armor as she is your damsel in distress princess.' \"Mom.\" Vincent smiled. 'Of course, Vincent, I'm in your heart...' Mo's voice replied. 'I know you're scared, but you can't let fear overtake you.' \"You're right.\" Vincent said. 'I'll be in your heart~...' Mo sang as she remembered Kala's lullaby to Tarzan. \"Oh, I love that song,\" Vincent smiled. He soon took a step forward before slipping. \"WHOA!\" he yelped as he suddenly slipped down and yelled out while sliding down. \"Was it like a ride?\" Tony smiled. \"Yeah, it kinda was,\" Vincent replied. \"It reminded me of that tube that the Grinch used in the How the Grinch Stole Christmas movie to get to and from Whoville.\" \"Nice.\" Tony smiled. Vincent hooted and hollered until he came to the end and landed elsewhere. He looked all around for any familiar faces. Of course, he did not find Christopher Robin. All he did find was a crystal cavern. \"Oooh...\" Vincent stood up and looked all around. \"These crystals are so pretty...\" He soon felt a familiar paw. \"Who is that...?\" he asked nervously at first before he tried to keep calm. \"Pooh Bear, is that you?\" he then asked hopefully before he soon saw who it actually was. \"Oh, Rabbit!\" \"What happened?\" Rabbit asked as he came beside the eight-year-old boy. \"Well, I was walking down the path and got the Element of Bravery-\" Vincent said before they heard familiar screams coming from two different caves. \"Oh, no!\" he then gasped. \"Element of Bravery?\" Rabbit asked curiously as he stayed right where he was. He soon saw Tigger, Owl, Piglet, and Eeyore all running towards them. Vincent got out of the way only for Rabbit to be tackled like an unlucky football player with the ball on the field. \"Oh, come on, really?\" Tony asked. \"For a bunny, Rabbit was quite unlucky...\" Vincent commented. \"He sounds like the Trix rabbit.\" Megan giggled innocently. \"But did you really have to step out of the way?\" Tony asked. \"I did what I had to do...\" Vincent shrugged innocently. Suddenly, there was beeping heard from Vincent's laptop and he opened it up to see it was a video call. \"Hello, it's me, Eloise~\" Eloise greeted as she sat at her computer chair with an open window behind her with a view to the Eiffel Tower. \"Hi, Eloise!\" The Fudo siblings and Felicity waved to their cousin. \"Are you in Paris?\" Megan smiled. \"But of course, it's tres magnifique this time of year~\" Eloise replied. \"Also, someone came to visit.\" \"Hello, dears.\" Nanny poked her head in with a smile and wave. \"Hi, Nanny!\" The Fudo cousins and Clark siblings smiled back to the English woman. \"Oh, it's hard to believe how much you've all grown, grown, grown.\" Nanny smiled back. \"What're you guys up to?\" Eloise asked. \"I was just telling everyone about when I first met Winnie the Pooh.\" Vincent replied. \"Yay!\" Eloise smiled. \"Oh, that sounds like a mawvelous story.\" Nanny agreed. \"Sorry to interrupt...\" Eloise smiled sheepishly to Vincent. \"You can continue if you'd like.\" \"Yeah, continue.\" Tony added. \"Okay, so anyway, we ran into the crystals...\" Vincent then continued, this time with Nanny and Eloise. \"These crystals are like mirrors...\" Vincent commented as Pooh walked behind some of them. They all soon heard the growling again. \"There it is! There it is!\" Rabbit pointed in alarm. \"Oh, my...\" Vincent gulped. \"It's the terribibolous skullasaurus I've ever seen!\" Tigger cried out. \"Not to mention the only one.\" \"What should we do?\" Vincent asked. \"What else can we do but run?!\" Rabbit yelped before he and the others soon began to run for their lives. Vincent had to agree as he soon ran. They all then began to run away, but the 'skullasarus' was actually just Pooh Bear behind the crystals and where he fell down another path. \"Mom... Dad... Where are you?\" Vincent pouted as he ran with the others in fear. 'We're always with you in your heart, Vincent, there's no need to be scared...' Mo's voice soothed. \"That's good to know,\" Vincent smiled. He soon stopped running and looked around only to see that they weren't being chased at all. \"What the?\" He then asked out of confusion. 'You see what happens when you let your fears take over you?' Mo's voice asked. \"Yes, Mom...\" Vincent replied. \"But what scared us?\" 'What you thought was the skullasaurus.' Mo's voice said. \"I guess you think I'm being silly...\" Vincent replied. 'Your imagination makes monsters seem real,' Mo soothed. 'They are, but there are none to worry about over there, this isn't Ms. Grimwood's school, or Monster High, or Monstropolis where the monsters under your bed and hiding in the closet live.' \"Um, okay?\" Vincent said, confused. 'Just don't be scared a lot, how do you think I felt?' Mo asked him. 'Before I met your father, I lived in a junkyard with dogs, I had to fight for my own food and protect myself against dangerous criminals.' \"Wow,\" Vincent said. He noticed the others were gone and soon ran after them, but he soon slipped on a slippery surface that was like ice. \"And down I go again.\" He then said. He soon saw an edge where the others were and he yelled out, hoping he wouldn't fall and die and where luckily, he didn't. \"Man, that was close!\" Vincent said with wide eyes. \"You can say that again.\" Rabbit gulped. Vincent then helped Rabbit up since he was closer to the edge. \"Wait, where's Pooh?\" He asked. There was soon a yelling heard, but no one could see who or where it came from. \"D-D-Did ya hear that?\" Tigger whimpered. \"The skullasaurus. It got Pooh!\" \"Oh, my...\" Vincent gulped. \"This is worse than I thought.\" Owl sounded concerned. \"I'm gonna miss that bear.\" Tigger frowned. \"Oh, Pooh...\" Piglet moaned before hanging his head. They soon heard a familiar growling sound. \"That sound is going to be the death of me!\" Vincent cried out. \"Now, it sounds like the beastly creature is...\" Rabbit said before gasping as he saw the entrance to the eye of the skull. \"Up there, the eye of the skull.\" \"What ever will we do?!\" Piglet yelped. \"Well, we could get the kid outta there,\" Eeyore replied. \"If anybody has any ideas how to get up there, that is.\" \"The map, what's it say?\" Tigger asked as he gave both pieces to Rabbit. Rabbit took the pieces and seemed stuck. \"Oh, my; it's useless,\" he then sulked. \"There's nothing in here about how to get up there.\" \"OWL?!\" Vincent gaped at the owl since he had drawn the map. \"I guess I didn't think about that.\" Owl shrugged. \"Oh, come on!\" Vincent complained. \"Why, why, I'd have to figure it out all by myself,\" Rabbit stammered. \"From scratch. I-I... Can I do that?\" \"Yeah, can he do that?\" Tigger asked the others. \"Yes, he can.\" Vincent said. \"I could try,\" Rabbit looked hopeful. \"For Pooh.\" He soon began to think of something. \"You can do it, Rabbit,\" Vincent encouraged. \"You're smarter than you think.\" Rabbit soon saw something that might help. \"I have it!\" He then laughed in victory before coming up with a plan. \"Tigger, you can bounce Piglet to that ledge up there. Oh, and, Piglet, you can toss that long viney thing to us down here, and we'll shimmy on up and rescue Christopher Robin together.\" \"That's genius!\" Vincent smiled. \"Oh, I wouldn't say genius, but if you insist.\" Rabbit smirked smugly. \"Me?\" Tigger whimpered nervously. \" Make a bounce like that with a rickety old tail like this? Oh, contrariwise.\" \"I'm sure it's what Pooh would've wanted.\" Vincent encouraged. \"Y-You're right.\" Tigger said. Vincent nodded back with a smile. \"I guess I could try,\" Tigger smiled back as he held his tail. \"If it'll make Pooh happy.\" 'This is going to work.' Vincent thought to himself. \"It's, uh, a rather high place for a very small animal,\" Piglet said nervously at first. \"But I'll be brave for Pooh Bear.\" \"Pooh would be really happy.\" Vincent smiled. \"This is very brilliant of you, dear boy.\" Owl smiled back to Vincent. \"Well, I'm just doing what Pooh would do.\" Vincent smiled bashfully. Tigger soon put Piglet over his shoulders and got into position. \"One for the money, two for the show, three because, uh, uh, it comes before four, and here we go!\" Vincent began to pray that this would work. Tigger bounced high in the air, but missed the vine. He then tried again and reached for the vine before he grabbed a hold of it while Piglet fell to the end of his tail. This caused Vincent to gulp and even for Tony to gulp as this was now getting intense. Vincent was going to say more, but then had to stop. \"Why'd you stop?!\" Tony yelped. \"What happened?!\" \"I'll be right back...\" Vincent said before rushing to use the bathroom. This caused everyone to anime fall. Eloise rolled her eyes as she waited in suspense herself. \"Oh, that couldn't have happened at a worse, worse, worse time.\" Nanny mumbled. \"You can say that again.\" Tony groaned.[Chapter 8] \"So, Eloise, what's new?\" Felicity asked. \"Oh, I'm all right...\" Eloise replied. \"Sometimes I miss the Plaza though.\" \"And I guess they must miss you too.\" Estelle said. \"Do you think so?\" Eloise wondered. \"Well, you always did such nice things for them...\" Akito replied. \"Especially that one year on Christmas when you gave presents for everybody, Aunt Darla got you that cartwheel hat with ear puffs from the Mediterranean, and Nanny got you that lovely necklace.\" \"True.\" Eloise smiled. \"Not to mention when Emily had her chick...\" Estelle sighed. \"That was such a wonderful Christmas.\" \"Paris looks so romantic...\" Megan said to Eloise. \"I'd love to visit someday.\" \"I agree.\" Eloise said. Megan and Eloise then smiled to each other. Soon enough, Vincent came back to the others and sat back down. \"Sorry about that...\" Vincent chuckled. \"Now, uh, where was I?\" \"Piglet was now holding onto Tigger's tail.\" Tony reminded. \"Ah, yes... That...\" Vincent remembered. \"So, anyway...\" Tigger soon climbed up over a ledge as Piglet held on tightly to his tail. Vincent started to bite on his nails nervously. Tigger saw Piglet struggling and soon lifted up his tail to help him over the ledge and where it worked. \"Phew!\" Vincent breathed in relief. Piglet smiled once he opened his eyes and saw that he was on safer ground and where he now had to get the vine. Piglet balanced across the branch and tried not to look down as he went to get the vine. He soon fell to the edge, but grasped onto the vine and everyone looked very nervous for him especially when he looked to see a long and unpleasant way down. \"Don't look down!\" Vincent called out. Piglet soon scrunched up slightly and his ears covered his eyes. \"Maybe I shouldn't have said that.\" Vincent said. Piglet soon tried to pull himself together as he seemed quite literally stuck and frozen with fear. \"You can do it!\" Vincent called out. Piglet then tried not to look down as he pushed the vine down from the branch for the others down below. He then accidentally slid down from it, but at least he didn't fall into the bottomless pit. \"Whew!\" Vincent sighed. Rabbit then picked up Piglet as there was a distant screaming heard. \"You know, for a moment, I almost thought I could hear Pooh Bear cheering us on.\" Piglet said to the others. \"Same here.\" Vincent said. Rabbit didn't say anything, but just gave a small and supportive smile toward both Piglet and Vincent. They soon started to climb. Vincent gulped as he soon climbed up, trying not to look down. He soon stayed calm. Once Tigger reached the top, he helped the others up over the ledge. \"Whew.\" Vincent sighed. \"Glad you're okay, Vincey Boy.\" Tigger said to Vincent. Eeyore was the last one to go up and he soon flattened the others once he was brought back up. There was soon sounds from the other side with a creepy shadow accompanying it. Vincent soon went in front of the others and stood protectively. The others shivered nervously as they were scared of the shadow. The shadow seemed eerie and creepy, but soon enough, it formed into a friendly form and wasn't scary at all. \"Christopher Robin?\" Vincent asked in surprise. And where soon enough, the boy was shown. The others were of course very excited and happy to see that Christopher Robin was alive and well. \"Thank goodness.\" Vincent sighed. \"You made it!\" Tigger jumped for joy. \"Oh, how clever of you!\" Rabbit smiled, shaking Christopher Robin's hand. \"We're so very glad to see you!\" Piglet beamed as he ran over and jumped onto Christopher Robin. \"Hello...\" Eeyore replied. \"How did you escape the skullasaurus?\" Vincent asked. \"Skull-A-What...?\" Christopher Robin replied out of confusion. \"Where have you guys been? I've been searching everywhere for you!\" \"We've been looking for you.\" Vincent said. \"But on the way, I found something else,\" Piglet smiled proudly. \"That I'm brave enough!\" \"I'm strong enough!\" Tigger added as he bounced on his tail and then accidentally crashed. \"And Rabbit learned something too.\" Owl said. \"You did?\" Christopher Robin smiled to Rabbit. \"Yes,\" Rabbit smiled back. \"I found I'm smart enough!\" \"And we finally found you.\" Vincent smiled. \"Pretty smart, huh?\" Rabbit added. \"So, was he impressed?\" Tony asked. \"Very much so,\" Vincent replied. \"And I learned how to test my bravery that I had to earn from early childhood back in New York City.\" \"By the way, Christopher Robin, how did you escape?\" Vincent asked him. \"Escape?\" Christopher Robin asked. \"Yes, we saw your note that you were in Skull.\" Owl replied. Christopher Robin giggled. \"Not Skull, School !\" \"I knew it!\" Vincent smiled. \"School?\" The others asked out of confusion. \"Yes, every Autumn, I must go to school,\" Christopher Robin explained. \"I'll be gone most of the day, but I'll be back to play after 3:00. I'm sorry, guys, but Mum says I have to go to school to learn, there's no need to worry about me. Didn't Pooh Bear get my note with the honey I sent him before I left in the morning?\" \"He sure did and got honey all over it,\" Vincent said. \"Wait, how long have you been in school?\" \"Since yesterday,\" Christopher Robin replied. \"I came by after school yesterday, but no one was around... I tried to look all over, but no one was there, I then decided to explore after school today to find you all.\" \"Whew,\" Vincent sighed. \"Do you have any idea what we have been through?\" \"I'm sorry, I didn't know it would lead to all this trouble...\" Christopher Robin. \"Um, where is Pooh Bear anyway?\" \"I think he might be somewhere in this cavern.\" Vincent said. \"Well, we better go help him.\" Christopher Robin suggested. \"Agreed.\" Owl nodded. Christopher Robin went inside with them to find Pooh and help him. \"How are we gonna lure him out?\" Vincent wondered. He soon knew the perfect bait and where so did Christopher Robin. \"You thinking what I'm thinking?\" he then asked the brunette boy. \"Yep.\" Christopher Robin smiled. The two boys nodded together and collected some rope and had a giant pot filled with a bottomless supply of honey for the silly old bear. Now they just had to find him. \"If my brother Akito were here, this would be much easier...\" Vincent grunted as they moved the large honey pot. They soon heard Pooh's voice. \"He's down there!\" Christopher Robin pointed out. \"Time to send down the pot.\" Vincent said. Christopher Robin nodded and he and Vincent then lowered the pot to help Pooh out of his trapping. \"Down it goes.\" Vincent said. Luckily and they knew that Pooh would take the honey and would be brought out to safety and where they were right as Pooh went into the pot. Christopher Robin and Vincent then pulled the pot up as Pooh took the bait. Pooh was stuck in the pot as they pulled it up and there were satisfied moans heard on the inside as he was stuck head first while eating the irresistible honey. \"Shall we knock?\" Vincent asked. Christopher Robin nodded as he went ahead and did just that. \"Hmm...?\" Pooh asked before he went to get himself unstuck. After a while, he finally got unstuck. \"Pooh, look who's here!\" Vincent beamed as he stood beside Christopher Robin. \"Christopher Robin.\" Pooh smiled. The two then shared a hug together. Soon enough, they all exited the skull-shaped rock. 'I'm so proud of you, Vincent.' Mo's voice said to her elder son. Vincent smiled as he made his mother proud. There was a glowing green around Vincent and he seemed to earn a special mark on his shirt which resembled the Element of Bravery. \"Cool.\" Vincent smiled. \"Wasn't that a fun adventure, Vincent?\" Flurry Heart beamed as she appeared out of nowhere. \"See? Winnie the Pooh's not so bad!\" \"I guess I never thought that he'd have such an amazing adventure.\" Vincent smiled. \"Oh, yes, it was a grand adventure indeed!\" Flurry Heart agreed. \"Are you ready to go back home now?\" \"Go back home?\" Vincent frowned. \"But I don't wanna go home...\" \"Don't worry, Vincent, you can come back to the Hundred Acre Wood soon, I promise,\" Flurry Heart smiled. \"Just as long as you have that medallion.\" Vincent looked down and realized he was wearing the medallion around his neck all this time before Flurry Heart made him disappear in a beam of light to be back to where Akito, Estelle, Junior, and Rosie were as the story was coming to an end. 'I'm back.' he thought to himself with a smile. \"The End.\" Rosie then said as she closed her storybook entitled the Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh. \"That was a lovely story.\" Estelle smiled. \"Yeah... That wasn't so bad.\" Akito had to admit. \"It was a wonderful thing!\" Vincent beamed as he seemed to enjoy it much more than his younger twin siblings. \"Whoa! Sounds like someone really enjoyed the story after all.\" Rosie smiled. \"See? Stories are fun for everyone, not just babies.\" Junior added in agreement with his girlfriend. \"Yeah, we get it now.\" Vincent yawned. Akito and Estelle soon yawned back. \"Well, I guess it's time for bed.\" Rosie decided. \"Looks that way.\" Junior smiled. The Fudo siblings yawned with small pouts about going to sleep, but it was late for them and that was a fun enough story. \"The End.\" Vincent concluded. \"Wow... That was a great story!\" Megan beamed. \"Yeah, it was really cool, I just wish we could've been there.\" Marc added. \"Yeah.\" Tony agreed. The others then smirked to Tony. \"What?\" Tony asked. \"I can like a story too you know...\" \"I absolutely love a good story.\" Eloise smiled. \"And where that was not the only time I visited them.\" Vincent smiled. \"There's more?\" Megan asked. \"Oh, yes, but I think those will be saved for another time...\" Vincent smirked. \"Come on, you gotta tell us more!\" Tony begged. \"I promise I'll never make fun of you guys again!\" \"I promise that there will be more stories.\" Vincent said. \"Great.\" Tony smiled. It was soon dinner time for everybody and Eloise was going to her new school in Paris. The End ","Summary":" The Clark siblings were at the Fudo household as one of their usual visits and where Tony scoffed a"},{"Movie":"2012","Title":"2012: Logic Optional","Author":"Blanky Man","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7560225","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Hi. This is my first ever fanfic upload, yay me. It's a parody script, somewhat similar in format to The Editing Room 's parody scripts. Thanks go to iheartmwpp for inspiring me to follow in her stead and write/rant about this movie. Disclaimer: I do not own, nor want to own, any rights to \"2012\". I also do not own The Wizard of Oz, any quips shamelessly stolen from iheartmwpp , any intellectual property associated with GPS navigation products, \"Money, Money, Money\" by ABBA, \"That Don't Impress Me Much\" by Shania Twain, Chris Crocker's \"LEAVE BRITNEY ALONE!\" rant, Billy Mays' catch phrase \"BUT I'M NOT DONE YET!\", or that moldy sandwich in your fridge. Seriously, it's not mine. :( The movie begins with eerie music over the normally cheerful Columbia logo. LENS FLARE #1 is born, delighting the Adobe After Effects crew. Oh look, some planets? This is one disproportionate solar system, if the planets are that close to the Sun. SATURN: I'm thankful this cameo only lasts a few seconds. Aaaaaand... back to the Sun. SOLAR FLARE: I NEVER SAW PARIS! Suddenly, we're not in Kansas any more. AUDIENCE: Could you please shut up, there's enough foreshadowing in the movie as is. Fine, fine. We're in India, at some random copper mine in 2009. Chiwetel Ejiofor, henceforth known by his character ADRIAN HELMSLEY, is forced to put on an American accent. He's reading something, presumably a BETTER SCREENPLAY THAN THIS ONE. ADRIAN HELMSLEY: Hey, hey, watch out for the gaping plot hole! *pushes open car door and storms out* TAXI DRIVER: Isn't the first, won't be the last... A toy ship is shown listing severely to one side in a puddle, in no way foreshadowing anything that's to come. Greetings are shared, quips are made, and ADRIAN enters an INSTITUTE OF ASTROPHYSICS. In this movie, that means INSTITUTE OF FORESHADOWING AND IMPENDING DOOM. SATNAM: I have a silly name. Please, call me SATNAV. ADRIAN: Whatever you say, TomTom. Anyway, why the heck weren't you at this ambiguous conference I'm talking about? SATNAV: YOU HAVE ARRIVED AT YOUR DESTINATION . Sorry, I'm set to Amsterdam - what I meant to say is that we need to go underground in this nasty lift. Deep underground. Eleven thousand feet, in fact. ADRIAN: Sorry, what? Over 3 kilometres underground, in this thing? Do I need to mention how expensive such a lift would've cost, or how long the trip would take? Don't get me started on the number of safety briefings... SATNAV: Stop thinking, sir. You won't last long. Anyway, despite how slowly this lift was moving, we're there already. It gets hot down here, but because you're pretending to be American and this is Hollywood, I'll quote the top temperature in Fahrenheit. ADRIAN: So... what are we looking at? COMPUTER: Beep beepity beep! I love beeping! SATNAV: A screen covered in confusing diagrams, idiot. This here is also referred to as \"technobabble\". Things have been getting worse. Look at this... COMPUTER #2: I beep more melodically! SATNAV: Wait, why am I calling these \"Sun eruptions\"? They're friggin' solar flares. Oh right, we're meant to insult the audience's intelligence as much as possible, got it. Anyway, these bright things on the screen are bad. Very bad. ADRIAN: My God... And thus begins our \"My deity\" count. SATNAV: But I'm not done yet... The doo-dads are causing problems with real life stuff! ADRIAN: But doesn't that violate the laws of Physics? SATNAV: You're not learning... Repeat after me: \"The laws of Physics do not apply to fictitious nonsense.\" ADRIAN: Whatever. Lead on. SATNAV: Welcome to my giant water tank. It's just under 2km deeper. ADRIAN: SRY WAT. SATNAV: Those doo-dads are mutating into new stuff! AUDIENCE: AHHHH, he said mutate ! SATNAV: They're boiling the earth from the inside, just like microwaves! ADRIAN: *takes a deep breath* ...No. Microwaves work on water molecules on the exterior. You can't tell me there's lots of water in the centre of the earth, nor would such particles even have an effect that far in if they mutate upon hitting solid matter, as you claim. SATNAV: According to Jules Verne, there's giant caves and stuff down here. Fun! The water in the tank bubbles, despite only extending to 5km below the surface. Aaaaaaand... we cut to some fancy hotel in Washington. Oliver Platt A.K.A. CARL ANHEUSER: Money, money, money/Must be funny/In the rich man's world... ADRIAN approaches some GUARDS WITH EARPIECES. ADRIAN: I need to get in, look at my credentials! EARPIECE GUARD #1: That don't impress me much . The guys here are wearing black ties. I hope you realise how important black ties are. Very. ADRIAN: *points* You! You look like you know me. SCOTTY: I know you, you're the main support actor! How'd you get back here so fast? ADRIAN: I need to speak to Anheuser. Instead of asking to speak to him outside, I'd rather forcefully take your jacket, please. SCOTTY: Leave my poor cheap jacket ALONE!1! ADRIAN approaches CARL, but still insists on calling him by his LAST NAME. ADRIAN: Mr Anheuser, I have something important to tell you, but you won't care. CARL: You're right. How about a bit of patronisation and casual dismissal, will that work, my little munchkin? ADRIAN: OMFG plz reed it? ;-; I... I'z came here frm faraway land, jst 2 sho yew! :3 EVERYONE stops talking. AWKWARD SILENCE ensues. CARL: Is that supposed to make this important? You're cute when you're upset. Have a cookie. CARL dons his OLD MAN GLASSES and reads the report. He is almost on the verge of a facial expression. CARL: You work for McDonald's now. You're gonna wish you took a shower. ADRIAN: Sry wat? CARL: You stink really bad. A/N: Thought I should end the first chapter here, around seven and a quarter minutes into the two hours and thirty-seven minutes(!). Review if at all possible (because only a small portion of readers ever do), and I'll probably have the next one ready in a few days, to post next Friday (unless there's significant interest in receiving chapters earlier, the only condition being that I can't guarantee I'll be able to without fail). Kthxbai.[Chapter 2] Disclaimer: I do not own, nor want to own, any rights to \"2012\". I also do not own The Wizard of Oz, any quips shamelessly stolen from iheartmwpp , \"Strange Things\" by Tom Jones, Aaängry Megaphone Man by The Dissociatives, or When the Generals talk by Midnight Oil. Meanwhile, Riot Police attempt to keep a crowd containing EPIC MOHAWK MAN at bay. Suddenly, the year is 2010 and we're not in Washington any more. Lots of SELF-IMPORTANT MEN wearing BLACK SUITS are walking in a corridor. The US PRESIDENT steps up to the pulpit. Danny Glover A.K.A. THE PRESIDENT: 'Sup, yo. This party is now VIP only. INTERPRETER: But what if my cashed-up friend here doesn't understand? THE PRESIDENT: GTFO. INTERPRETER and plenty of other people wearing BLACK SUITS up and leave. THE PRESIDENT, NOT JUST ANY PRESIDENT: There are strange things happenin', everyday... Keep this here ditty on the down-low, but my smart peeps have proven the world's going to end. RANDOM HEAD OF STATE: ...Is Celine Dion releasing another album? A harsh sound, not unlike a Celine Dion song, scares the crap out of anyone who has nodded off. For anyone else actually watching, it piledrives the ominous message preceeding it into your cranium. While those with sensitive hearing recover from shock, we're now in Tibet. Just in case there was the slightest chance of you forgetting, the year is still 2010. AAÄNGRY MEGAPHONE MAN: The whale it would reign/Like a king on a storm cloud... CROWD: ...What? A bunch of OLD PEOPLE and a RANDOM MONK are carted away on a truck with no explanation. A guy who looks like Anh Do seems concerned about the RANDOM MONK. ANH DO LOOKALIKE: You said \"brother\", were you even talking to me? Am I referring to you as \"grandmother\"? I need to stare at you and neglect the direction I'm running in! GUARDS: *slide in from stage left* Haaaaaaaai. Did you want to run in front of the truck and potentially get run over? Too bad, what we've got in store for you is so much better... The POOR YET WELL DRESSED VILLAGERS gather around a podium, where a GENERAL enquires as to their capabilities. GENERAL'S HENCHMAN: When the Generals talk/You'd better listen to him/When the Generals talk/You'd better do what he say... GENERAL MUNCHKIN: Who wants to tie my shoes? Nobody responds. GENERAL MUNCHKIN: Who has an iron press? A few hands raise. GENERAL MUNCHKIN: ...Show me your hat? ANH DO LOOKALIKE lifts his hat. GENERAL MUNCHKIN: *points* This guy. He serves no additional purpose in this story, plus his hat sucks. He needs to die. Suddenly, sirens sound and several explosive devices, as they are wont to do, explode on the mountain right in front of the crowd. CROWD: It's so convenient how well this shot was framed! We were looking right at it and everything! The explosion's purpose is never explained, and we never learn of the fate of this crowd. They are never shown again in this film. Let's just assume they DIE. Suddenly, we're looking at a BRIEFCASE, in a hotel in LONDON. FYI, it's like totally 2011 now, lol. BRIEFCASE MAN: Gee, metal detectors sure look like pistol silencers these days! A RANDOM ARAB is reading what looks suspiciously like an iPad. RANDOM ARAB: I say, old chap, I speak fluent English, yet the document on this unsecure tablet computer is in Arabic! You must understand, despite how rich I look, I'm really dirt poor. I can't afford 1 billion Dollars. BRIEFCASE MAN: LOL! Can has misunderstanding? It's Euros, you dolt. The RANDOM ARAB has his smug smile wiped clean off his face. Meanwhile, in the Louvre in PARIS, perfect replicas of priceless artworks are being put up under cover of darkness. Thandie Newton A.K.A. LAURA WILSON: Ooh, I speak French. Naughty. Anyway, nobody will be able to tell the difference between this fake and the real Mona Lisa as the landscape around them contorts violently, eventually killing them! Patrick Bauchau A.K.A ROLAND PICARD: I wonder if my name is perhaps a concatenation of the director's first name and his favourite Star Trek captain? No matter. The original should be safe in my vault. Err, that is, to say, that it should be safe in a bunker in Switzerland. LAURA: Given what's going to happen to Earth, are you completely stupid? Wait, that's not my line. I mean, \"Perfectly safe, Roland\". We zoom in on Lisa del Giocondo (A.K.A. Mona Lisa)'s smile, as the music swells and the 2012 logo appears. We could never have figured out what movie we were watching, could we guys? A/N: Sorry for the late update. I hadn't finished in time, plus I went on a weekend getaway with the family. Finished this as soon as I got back, which was about an hour ago. Remember, you don't have to review, but not doing so when you easily could will cause God, or whatever deity you believe in, to downgrade your computer to Windows ME, or if you're on a Mac, it will spontaneously explode. Just so you know. Anonymous reviews are welcome.[Chapter 3] Disclaimer: I do not own, nor want to own, any rights to \"2012\". I also do not own Liar Liar, Bruce Almighty, Monty Python and the Quest for the Holy Grail, or that fake spider I hid in your bed. Google \"huntsman spider\" if you dare. Once the BIG FAT LOGO gets out of the way, we find ourselves staring at a GRAINY TV SCREEN. Here's the extremely brief and fleeting explanation for the world ending. Don't miss it, people! REPORTER: Apparently I'm talking out of my arse. I claim that the Mayan-Quiche calendar (wait, isn't quiche food? Their calendar is edible?) predicts the end of time? What? Apparently, along with a ridiculous proportion of the civilised world, I'm extremely good at ignoring the fact that there were larger digits and that the date will simply clock over to the next biggest digit. But wait, that spoils the premise of this whole movie! I- NEWS ANCHOR: Yeah, STFU. According to our trained monkeys, the sun's gonna go bonkers on that day. COINCIDENCE? Only now do we find out that we're in California, at Manhattan Beach. The set suddenly vibrates unconvincingly. NEWS ANCHOR: The Mayan calendar, waah waah waah, galactic alignment, more BS... We are finally introduced to the Hero, John Cusack A.K.A. Jackson Curtis A.K.A. Cent 50. ROLAND EMMERICH: Nobody will ever know how clever that name is... JACKSON CURTIS: *glances at his watch* Oh crap, this movie's still got hours left. I'll say \"I'm a dead man\" over and over, because it's what people would consider ironic , as nobody believes for a second that I will be - I'm John friggin' Cusack. Wait, why did I sign up to this train-wreck? I NEED TO DO MY TEETH. He jumps up, with complete disregard for his belongings, and does so. His phone rings. Yay. His phone is atop a BOOK THAT SURELY ONLY CULTIVATED PEOPLE WOULD READ. JACKSON: Hey Kate! I'm a compulsive liar! This scene was done earlier and better in Liar Liar! He stumbles over a crapload of his own books on the way out the door. Oh, he's a writer? Couldn't he have written himself a better script, perhaps? Anyway, his DAMN CAR won't start. A crapload of SURFING DUDES leave us with no doubt as to the location, we're definitely in California... Because we all know that surfers only propagate near the beach, right? Our \"hero\" drives away in his LIMO A.K.A. WORK VEHICLE, completely unaware of the BIG CRACK IN THE ROAD and the accompanying GATHERING CROWD. The SURFING DUDES like this. SURFING DUDE: Woah... Siiiiick. I can see, like, China from here or something. THE GAP: We just got owned. THE EARTH: You ain't seen nothing yet. Jackson drives past a walking stereotype, carrying a sign. As it is intended as foreshadowing, and I'm getting bored of all that, I feel it ought to say \"REPENT! RONALD MCDONALD IS NEAR\", for all the good it'll do. (This scene was done earlier and better in Bruce Almighty.) Jackson arrives at his TOKEN EX's place. Yay, more characters. SON: Jackass – Err, I mean, Jackson, WTF is this? JACKSON: It's a vehicle. I predict that because you're calling me by my first name, you don't like me, and that you will completely change your mind by the end of this travesty because I \"prove\" myself to you. SON: I like turtles. EX-WIFE CALLED KATE: You're taking them in a limo? Of all the stupi- Okay, great! JACKSON: ...Are you bi-polar? No wonder we're divorced. KATE: Are you brushing your teeth? Are you remembering to visit the amenities? Do you eat that little mint on your pillow as soon as you check into a hotel? COOL DAD A.K.A. GORDON: Watch out for bears. Rawr. KATE: Your daughter still wets the bed. She needs nappies. JACKSON: Still? KATE: Yes. I'm going to subtly take a jab at you and your failing parenting by saying that you really should know that. You don't spend enough time around them and when you do you neglect them. You know nothing, you miserable cretin! Have fun! JACKSON: ... Oh hai, cruise ship. I wonder why you're in the movie. Look, more characters to forget. These guys are super special, they're musicians . Plus, they're needed for a sub-plot later. MUSICIANS: Allow us to exposit a bit of background information about us, baby. Look, there's our act on the list. They really are super special – they're not just musicians, they're jazz musicians. MUSICIANS: We're old, baby. Grandparents and all. Go see your boy, baby. At least talk to him. Life's too short- Newsflash! This interruption is brought to you by FREAKISH WAVES THROWING THE BOAT AGAINST THE DOCKS ! Everyone is surprised by the turn of events despite all the warnings. For those concerned, the boat was miraculously unharmed. The quest for the Holy Grail, could continue. The camera crew sneaks into Laura's room at night and is filming her while she sleeps, but she is awoken by her phone ringing. LAURA: Hello? TELEMARKETER: Congratulations, you have just won a FREE vacation! LAURA: … ROLAND, NOT EMMERICH BUT RATHER PICARD: Lau-rah? I am only keeding. I'm on Verizon – Can you hear me? ...Can you hear me now? LAURA: … As this movie is sorely behind on its subtitle quota, French is used. ROLAND: They lied to us! LAURA: Who? ROLAND: The film-makers! They said we would actually have decent and memorable characters! Actually, I don't know – The script doesn't say. But the fact of the matter is, everybody should know! LAURA: Know what? ROLAND: The truth! LAURA: What truth? ROLAND: I DON'T KNOW! Oh wait, I do. The artworks we so cleverly duplicated and hid, they're not in the Swiss Alps anymore! I haz proofs! ...Hello? Laura? Can you hear me? Can you hear me now? LAURA: You're going into a tunnel, idiot! As the movie is also woefully behind on its explosions quota, poor ol' Roland #2 never gets to see the light at the end of that tunnel. Get it? Get it? ...Huh? ...I should shove my terrible puns where ? A/N: I always seem to hit the deadline and still not have finished. This one was finished (after 2 hours of frantic writing) around 12:31AM on Saturday, GMT +11. Not too bad considering Friday was my first busy day in a while – the rest of the week was spent procrastinating. Whoops. You don't have to review if you don't want to, but it would be highly advisable if you value your significant other. What will I do to them, you ask? I'll give them a ticket to an ocean cruise I stole off Jack Dawson, because he was both fictional and only existed for the sake of a love story, without which, Titanic would have been a rather boring documentary. Then I'd force you to watch said documentary, complete with Nyan cat looping in the background, as your significant other fights to stay alive amongst the debris of the sunken ship. Yes, I'm completely bending time to suit my own ends. No, I'm not Doctor Who.[Chapter 4] A/N: iheartmwpp actually reviewed this story! I am not worthy O.O Thanks to all who have reviewed. It really means a lot, and it encourages me to keep going. Also a good mood booster. Disclaimer: I do not own, nor want to own, any rights to \"2012\". I also do not own Johnny Cash's \"Ring of Fire\", Samuel L. Jackson, Geology terminology copied off Wikipedia, or Gary Coleman's most famous phrase. When we last left our heroes and villains, ROLAND PICARD had decided to call LAURA. Lulz ensued when his car promptly exploded. The viewer is unsure who to blame, but doesn't care. We abruptly cut back to the hero, JACKSON CURTIS. He's out in the middle of whoop-whoop (otherwise known as Yellowstone National Park in Montana... or is it Wyoming). He is attempting to sing a country song with his daughter. JACKSON and DAUGHTER: I fell into a burning ring of fire/I went down, down, down, and the flames went higher... SON: *glares* Such a jerk. Putting me in this car, inadvertently forcing me to play my PSP... Where's my charger, dammit? *rolls eyes* Suddenly, the car radio starts dropping out in a COMPLETELY CONVINCING way. Naturally, JACKSON DROPS EVERYTHING to retune it. DAUGHTER: WAAH THAT WAS MY FAVOURITE TUNE I'M GONNA GO SULK. The radio is magically tuned to the only station still operating in the area: Charlie's Continual Crapfest! CHARLIE: The West Coast is goin' down! I don't know why, but that made me think, \"Charles, it is of the utmost urgency that you transport your mentally impaired donkey to Yellowstone post-haste!\" It'll totally be the best place to be to watch everything go kaboom, because surely the location of geysers correlates perfectly with the location of most of the action in this movie! Allow me to explain the crappy sound effect that almost sounds like helicopter blades: choppers on your six! Helicopters, as if on cue, fly overhead. DAUGHTER: Weird. JACKSON: I know, right? What are the odds of him saying that right when we saw the choppers, it's almost like it was scripted ! ROLAND EMMERICH: ** We cut back to the Oval Office. One of the almost forgotten characters, whom this author has had to revisit a previous chapter to remember the name of, is reeling off TECHNOBABBLE to the PRESIDENT. ADRIAN: We're not seeing any Australopithecus in the Holocene, or any evidence of erosional angular unconformity in the thrust fault. THE PRESIDENT: English, moederneuker, do you speak it? Oh right, CARL said it. Whatever. ADRIAN: I beg your pardon! Just because the author doesn't like swearing, doesn't make it any less offensive in Dutch. In layman's terms, the West Coast is goin' down, bitches! PRESIDENT SIR: Whatchu talkin' 'bout, Helmsley? ADRIAN: I had some kind of schedule for something in particular, but it was wrong. Sowwi :3 'SUP MR PRESIDENT: *sighs* I could never resist those puppy-dog eyes. Suddenly, LAURA barges in. The author has just discovered that she is, in fact, the President's daughter. Funny that. LAURA: Just what sort of position do I even have in this movie? How did I get clearance to just \"barge in\"? Oh yeah, I'm his daughter. Look at this newspaper – I'm an adult and I can buy crap, woot! The newspaper features our old friend, ROLAND THE DEAD GUY. Nobody reacts, nor does anyone know who it is, until LAURA turns on the TV conveniently located right in front of her. I don't think I'd care to watch movies in here, would you? AUDIENCE: Oh right... THAT guy. NEWS ANCHOR: This unfortunate but very very important guy, was important. Also, he died in the same tunnel as Princess Diana. COINCIDENCE? Cue the Elton John music. The President TURNS THIS CRAP OFF. PRESIDENT, RPRZNT: It's time for the two British-actors-pretending-to-be-American to meet each other. Laura, meet Adrian. LAURA: *eyes Adrian and explodes* This guy is a jerk! He said my organisation sucks! Both ADRIAN and CARL take this as their cue to exit. PREZ: Wait, what organisation? Does anybody even know? BTW, you totally look like your mother when you're angry, lol. LAURA: Please go die in a tsunami. PRESIDENT: Funny you should say that... LAURA: It's not important! A man was killed! EL PRESIDENTE: ...You're just realising this now? People die everyday. That said, your emotions have affected my judgement. Allow me to reveal some extremely confidential information. LAURA: I know what you keep in your socks drawer, dad. P TO THE REZ: It's not that... LAURA: I also know about your wild night in Vegas. MR PRESIDENT WHATEVER HIS REAL NAME IS: It's not that, either! LAURA: *sighs* What is it this time? PRESIDENT THINGY: An unprecedented international endeavour is underway. LAURA: Could you possibly talk to me in casual English rather than political correctness? DADDY PRESIDENT: No, I'm in politician mode. This \"thing\" of which I speak currently has 46 nations pumping cash into it. LAURA: What about the other 150 countries? The scene abruptly ends, with no further explanation. We follow CARL and ADRIAN while they walk, yay. CARL: Laura's smarter than our target audience. She'll figure it out. ADRIAN: Figure what out? Nobody's being specific! Allow me to be the first. That, uh, kaboom car in Paris, was that our fault? CARL: Aaaaaand... Changing the subject now. Focus on our timeline. ADRIAN: Our what? So, when can I use Twitter or Facebook to tell everyone? CARL: What? You actually want to tell the citizens of this nation, nay, the entire Earth , of our impending doom? You BLASPHEMER! ADRIAN: I just meant my friends and family, but the entire Earth would be nice too. CARL: Well, of course you want to tell them. I suppose that after that, it'll all be sunshine and roses, right? ADRIAN: Don't patronise me. CARL: Go back to Yellowstone. BTW, you totally have the hots for the First Daughter, lol! ADRIAN: She has a name, you know. Why did you even mention it, unless this is the set-up for the love interest at the end of the movie? CARL: If you want to nail her, you might want to apologise for being a douche to her earlier. Flowers. Flowers always work. CARL walks away, and some random extra (who is out of frame, ooh disembodied voices, creepy) informs ADRIAN of the chopper waiting for him. A/N: We're still not up to the big explosions and near misses and close shaves and implausible escapes and rewritten physics and generic action that the audience is waiting for. In other news, I actually finished this chapter the day before I normally post, yay for me. I'm posting this as soon as it becomes Friday where I live, because I felt like it. So sue me. Review, or your preferred deity will sacrifice LOLcats on my behalf, whilst I dip you in a vat of melting cheese. I will then proceed to blow up the moon just like Alderaan. Now you've got me wishing I had a Death Star...[Chapter 5] A/N: I apologise for the extended lack of updates. I actually had stuff going on these holidays (family stuff, but still stuff). I'm attempting to make it up to you, dear reader, by spending the last hour of 2011 working on this chapter. Consider it a belated Christmas and non-belated New Year gift. Disclaimer: I do not own, nor want to own, any rights to \"2012\". I also do not own \"Something There\" from The Beauty and The Beast, Teletubbies, that one line from the Matrix, \"You're Winner!\" from Big Rigs: Over The Road Racing (possibly the worst computer game in existence), or your father's power tools. Previously, on I Can't Believe It's Not Over, nothing eventful has happened. The viewer has been repeatedly assaulted with foreshadowing and dialogue, neither of which bode well for what is supposed to be an action movie. Meanwhile, JACKSON is taking his two children on a WILD GOOSE CHASE. JACKSON: I'm actually taking them to where I used to hang out with their mother. DAUGHTER WHOSE NAME ESCAPES THIS AUTHOR: I have no dialog, therefore I don't react at all. SON DUDE GUY THING: I'm pre-pubescent and the first thing I think of is taking you out of context. EWW, SEX! Did you really take your Jackson and... JACKSON: Wait, what? We played poker. SONNY BOY: Sure you did. JACKSON: Come on, is it really that odd for two people of indeterminate age to be playing... I don't know, chess, or card games, in a secluded location? SON LAD: Was it strip poker, Jackson? JACKSON: …Please stop highlighting how much you hate me. I think the audience gets it by now. Also, allow me to incriminate myself by not denying your claims outright. Suddenly, The TRIO OF GENERIC CITYFOLK come across a RANDOM FENCE. MRS POTTS: There may be something there that wasn't there before... JACKSON: We all know what to do with fences that say \"RESTRICTED AREA\", right? Trespass! JACKSON clambers over the fence, which bends far too much for what is meant to be aluminium. His DAUGHTER follows. SON: Why am I the only one who cares about this? The SON's question is treated as rhetorical, and is never answered. We see a dried up lake. JACKSON: There used to be a lake here! *pouts* The TRIO OF INTENTIONAL REBELLION head closer to the DRIED UP SALT PUDDLE, which only now has instruments and yellow tape around it. It's also bubbling. JACKSON: Nice cauldron. Meanwhile, unknown to the TRIO OF CAUTIOUS CURIOSITY, it has just become 2012 where this author lives. Also, there's a creepy guy hiding in the bushes, watching them. BUSH MAN: The cat has entered the basket! Suddenly, a CRAPLOAD OF ARMED VEHICLES appear, along with one of the RANDOM HELICOPTERS from earlier. DAUGHTER LASS THINGY: Who is that? JACKSON: How the hell should I know? Sorry, didn't read my line – I seem to know it's the U.S. Army. Our BUSHY FRIEND states the obvious. BUSHY MAN: They're being accosted by some government dudes. Aaaaaaaaand... Back to the TRIO OF BEWILDERED STARES. SOLDIER: Hey dumbass, not sure if you realised, but you're in a restricted area. Get in the vehicle. The \"wild\" BUSH MAN hasn't seen action like this since 'Nam. JACKSON and his KIDS are driven to a base that was completely hidden by the hill. Our ol' friend, ADRIAN, is there talking with a BOFFIN. ADRIAN: This is unbelievable. So very unbelievable. The temperature 12km below our feet is 2700°C? How are we still alive? BOFFIN: If you think that's implausible, I've got a movie script for you... Anyway, the whole point I'm in this scene is to establish how bad things are. That is, to say... very . That temperature is rising by half a percent every hour. The full impact of such a statement is completely lost on the audience, who are about to rage at the lack of action scenes. The effect is compounded by the RANDOM WHITECOAT interrupting what is meant to be an important moment. RANDOM WHITECOAT: Yo Doc, we picked up some \"tourists\" in the hot zone. What noobs. ADRIAN meets JACKSON. JACKSON: Hai. ADRIAN: Hai. JACKSON : Can has lake? :3 ADRIAN: Nuuuu .-. JACKSON: :'( ADRIAN: Area. Unstable. Time for tubby bye-bye! ADRIAN looks at JACKSON's ID. ADRIAN: Wait a minute, you're not the guy who wrote that thing, are you? JACKSON: I might be. ADRIAN: Wow! I really suck up to you here! Let's enter into a casual conversation, touching on foreshadowing and some more foreshadowing. Let's not worry about our impending doom or anything. ADRIAN walks in on the BOFFIN's skype call with SATNAV. ADRIAN: Whoa! Put that thing away! It's time to chat, not cyber! SATNAV just stares. ADRIAN: Hellooo? Earth to Satnav? Don't tell me you've frozen up while calculating the optimal (and ultimately completely wrong) conversational route. BOFFIN: He knows. Err, about the temperature reading, that is. SATNAV: Other people around the globe can confirm very similar data. TURN LEFT! TURN LEFT! ADRIAN: Are you sure? SATNAV: No one can be sure of anything, but yes, I'm sure. We're definitely right. The Earth's crust is destabilising. ADRIAN: *stunned, drawn out stare* Wait, I was wrong? My predictions were optimistic? Well isn't that just great. Optimism bias strikes again. SATNAV: Buckle your seatbelt Dorothy, because Kansas... is going bye-bye . ADRIAN: My God. What a prophetic and yet entirely unsuitable movie quote to insert there. So far, the \"My deity\" count is sitting at a measly two. BOFFIN: For all our technology, we couldn't predict what an ancient, human-sacrificing, stone-age, wheel-less and telescope-less civilisation supposedly could. WE'RE WINNER! ADRIAN continues staring in disbelief, as JACKSON's kids dance outside while waiting for their army escort. ADRIAN: I'm upset about this. I seem to be taking it personally. Satnav, you may have only had a few minutes of screen time, but you're really important, so you're getting airlifted! Hooray! SATNAV: Oddly named son of mine, we're going on a big ship! An... ark, of sorts! Cue the Noah's Ark puns, as the audience gets the first actual mention of the plot device which hangs around like a bad smell for the second half of the film. A/N: Again, apologies for the huge gap between updates. I hope this will be adequate for everyone, until I publish the next one. If it isn't up next week, you have my permission to review me negatively without retribution. However, until that day... If you don't review, having (hopefully) read a significant portion of the current work, I may have to wrench your arms from your sockets and repeatedly bop you on the head with them for the sake of a bad pun: \"stop hitting yourself!\". I will also use puns such as: \"need a hand?\", \"can you hand-le these?\", and \"you're pretty hand-y to have around\". Hopefully this will prove to be too much, and you will dictate a review to me, which I will post on your behalf. I'll return your arms, of course. Perhaps a taxidermist could help with that. Bonus points for a review that features hand puns. What bonus points, you ask? I have no idea. Karma points, how about that. ","Summary":" A/N: Hi. This is my first ever fanfic upload, yay me. It's a parody script, somewhat similar in for"},{"Movie":"2012","Title":"2012: The things we do to stay alive","Author":"SabreKai","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11141561","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Roger Whitfield gazed out over the Napa Valley wine country from 1000 feet in the air. The sun was shining; there wasn't a cloud in the sky until you looked inland to the Sierra Mountains. Below him stretched endless fields of grape vines, as he guided Eureka on what was probably one of her last flights. The word from the head office wasn't good, they were some $5 million dollars in debt and with the crashing economy there weren't many people who would shell out $500 for a sight seeing trip, even one as nice as this. He glanced to his right and saw his copilot intently monitoring the instruments as the 245 foot long Zeppelin cruised along at 65 miles per hour on this beautiful California day. Glancing back into the spacious cabin, he saw the two young ladies chattering away, pointing out landmarks to each other and snapping photos with their cameras. Roger had chatted with them for a moment when they boarded the airship. He remembered them saying they were a couple of college students out from New York on a 7 day California package tour, taking in the sites by air. Oh well, he'd known the gig was too good to last. His dad had laughed at him when he'd applied to Airship Ventures with a freshly minted Commercial pilots rating, but miracle of miracles they'd hired him over some Air Force and Naval Aviation types with thousands of jet hours. It seemed that they figured it would be easier for him to learn Lighter-than-air piloting than it would be to convert the other fellows. Not to mention cheaper. So here he was, Captain of a Zeppelin, owned by a company about to go bust. He flicked a switch on the radio panel and a local new station came over the head phones. He listened as Governor Swartzenegger spoke to the public, announcing that the recent spate of earthquakes was over, and that they hadn't had any tremors in some hours. In other words, \"don't worry, be happy\". He'd seen photos of the supermarket torn in half the night before and some other news camera coverage of large cracks in the ground down near the water. According to his Nibs the Governor, this was nothing serious and no cause for alarm. But then he started hearing crashing and banging, followed by screams and cries coming over the airwaves. Then the radio went to static. At just about the same time George reached across and grabbed his arm, gesturing out the window on his side with his other hand. Roger pulled off the head phones and leaned over to look out Georges' window. What he saw confused him. He thought he was flying over a set for a war movie or something. Houses were crumbling and bursting into flame, cars scattered every which way on the roads and smoke and flame erupting on a massive scale. \"Holy Shit! What the hell is going on? Are we under attack?\" He asked. \"No, look at the ground over there at 1 o'clock. See it sinking? See the sections rising up? I'll bet we're seeing the \"Big One\" they've been promising all along. Jesus, I'm glad I'm up here and not down there. George replied, pulling out a pair of binoculars. As they watched, Roger could hear the two young ladies in the back start to scream and he turned to look out his window. Below him, the land was sinking fast in a chasm a mile or more wide. Even from this height, and with the engine noise to mask it, he felt more than heard an unbelievable roaring rumbling sound, and as he looked towards the north he could see dark blue water rushing in to the sinking valley as the Pacific Ocean started to build a new island. As they continued on southward back to San Francisco, the devastation increased and the airship started bouncing around in the turbulence caused by the massive blocks of land rising and falling, and the never ending sea of flames below them. Roger pushed the throttles to full and put on some climb trim, and Eureka started to climb higher as they neared the bay area. As they watched, the land all around subsided and the blue of the Pacific Ocean came rolling in, covering large parts of San Francisco and the inland areas in a matter of minutes. As they watched, container ships, tankers and the old WWII freighter that made her home in the bay washed up miles inland. Tall buildings fell over or were inundated as the land the were on sank beneath the waves. Thankfully they were now some 3500 feet above it all and the show was now more like a night mare video as they headed inland looking for a place to land. The radios were full of mayday cries from aircraft coming in to land at airports now under water, desperately looking for a place to set down in the 45 minutes they had left before their fuel ran out. Roger listened to higher flights that had just left San Francisco heading east reporting massive fractures in the earth, incredible damage to towns and cities on the other side of the Sierras, and one comment being relayed back from a 747 flying over Wyoming that said the land all around appeared to be swelling up as pressures increased beneath the earth. After a few minutes nothing more was heard from that 747, but aircraft to the south and west reported a massive explosion and flame and cloud reaching up some 70-100 thousand feet into the sky. Someone come up on the frequency and said that he'd been listening to some nut on FM radio who had been telling everyone for a couple of years that the world was about to blow up, it being the end of the Mayan calendar and all, and had been broadcasting from some mountain top, going on about how today was the end, Yellowstone was about to become the worlds largest active volcano. Then he cut off, and hadn't been heard for the last half hour. After staring out the window in shock for what seemed like hours, Roger finally pulled it together and started thinking about how they were going to survive. He checked the fuel and was happy to see that they still had better than ¾ tanks, which gave him a working range of about 400 miles. Their base was gone, as was his apartment, his parents, girlfriend and just about every one he knew. George was in the same shape. Everything they had had was gone, destroyed in the quakes and tsunamis. He glance back at the two girls and saw they had huddled together, arms around each other and were whimpering and shocky. He tapped George and pointed to the controls. \"I'm going aft to talk to the passengers.\" \"Ok Roger, I have command.\" With that Roger unfastened his belt, got up and headed back to the mini galley. He poured four cups of coffee and brought one to George, then took the other 3 and went over to speak to the two girls. One of the girls had stopped whimpering and watched as he came aft in the small cabin. Brunette, brown eyes, about 5 foot 5, a slim figure, and a face that had appeared both intelligent and fun loving when they'd chatted, her name was Samantha. Her friend, a slightly taller blonde, a bit more meat on her bones than Samantha, but also very pretty, went by the name of Candace if he remembered it correctly. Candace looked to be in worse shape, still cowering away from the sights below, trying to bore a hole in Samantha's shoulder with her face. Samantha had her arm around here, shushing her from time to time. Roger knelt in the aisle beside them and offered up the coffee. Samantha nudged her friend and asked if she would like something to drink. The blonde looked up, face tear streaked and stared at the hand with a coffee cup in it. Then she turned her face back to Samantha's shoulder and continued to whimper. Samantha stroked her hair a couple of times, and then reached out for the proffered cup. She took a sip and then looked back at Roger. \"We're in some deep kimchi aren't we?\" she asked. Considering they were witnessing what could well be the end of man on earth, Roger was amazed at the calm in her voice. \"Yes, ma'am we are. We're OK for now but we have no supplies beyond what's in the galley, and a limited range before our fuel runs out... But for now, we are still alive and that's what counts.\" he replied. \"How are you and your friend holding out? She seems to be pretty out of it right now. I'm surprised you are as calm as you are. Myself, I'm still trying to get my head around what I'm seeing and I'm not making much head way.\" \"I learned to control my fears a while ago. I decided to take a survival course through the college I was attending. 3 days of class work, and a ride in a truck up into the bush for a \"one day\" field exercise. Turned out to be a \"5 day freeze, starve and get eaten by bugs\" field exercise. And like Frank Herbert wrote in Dune, fear is the mind killer. Defeat it or channel it and your chances of living go up a good deal. So I am calm. I'll freak out later when we are safe.\" Samantha told him. \"Yeah that makes sense. My Boy Scout leader taught us much the same thing when I was a kid. Sit down, build a fire and the panic will go away. Pity I can't build a fire in here.\" \"So now what are we going to do?\" she asked. \"Stay alive.\"[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 Roger and George huddled in their seats, an aviation chart laid out on the console between them. They were trying to compare reality with history. Their world was now just that, history. They weren't having much luck either. Eureka was heading roughly due east at about 3000 feet, and what they had below them had no semblance to the coast line as it was on the chart. For a start, they should have been east of San Francisco Bay. Their GPS even said so. Uh Uh, they were now about 50-60 miles off shore. Just about everything this side of the Sierra Nevada mountains was gone. The San Andreas fault line had finally let go, and taken everything with it. Everything west of the fault and a fair bit east of where it used to be was now underwater. The Sacramento/San Joaquin valley was a debris filled sea, and as far as they could see to the south, it was all gone. Far to the North and Nor' nor' West, they could see the remnants of the coastal range peaking up as isolated islands. Far off in the distance lay the Sierra Nevada range. George looked at Roger. \"So what do we do now? Where do we go? There's no place left.\" His panic was lurking just below the surface, and he was hanging on by his fingernails to what was left of his sanity. Roger looked at him, and said basically the same thing he'd said to Sam a few minutes ago. \"We stay alive, for as long as we can. As for where we are going, we are kinda screwed that way. Our ceiling is only 8500 feet. You see that shore?\" He said, pointing to the low smudge ahead of them. \"That used to be the Nevada range. Unless it sank a good bit, it's higher than we can go. So I think we only have two choices. We can go South South East and hope to turn the southern end of the Nevadas or we can change course and try to go north around the top end.\" \"And then what? Who is to say there is anything left on the other side?\" George asked him. \"We don't know. But we do know that we have nowhere here to set down, and nothing to help us if we could land… You know we need at least 3 people on the ground to assist in the landing and handle the ground lines. With no line handlers, I expect that we will either have to find some people or we jump. But either way, I figure the best is to head in this direction,\" he said, gesturing out the window to the south east, \"and let the prevailing wind give us a bit of a boost to our range.\" Roger turned in his seat, and called out to Sam and Candace, to come forward and join the discussion. Sam tried to coax Candace out of her seat but she wasn't having anything to do with that. She had pretty much stopped talking and was just staring out the window. Sam gave up, and came forward. She knelt between the two seats and looked at Roger, then at George. Roger looked down into her eyes, impressed with the calm face she wore. \"Here's the situation. We don't have anywhere to land this side of the Sierra Nevada range. So we have two options. North or South. Which do you think is the best, and why?\" \"How much gas do we have?\" \"About 400 miles worth. If we go north we go across the prevailing winds, south would give us a bit of a push\" \"I would head north. It would be shorter to get to someplace up in the hills, and we'd have a better chance of surviving. At least we'd be able to find food and water. If we head south then we end up in desert.\" \"George, what do you think?\" he asked the copilot. George looked up from the map and replied \"I doubt it matters in the end, but she is right. Desert, especially at this time of year would be nasty. North. I'd head north and pray.\" \"OK, north it is.\" With that he turned back forward, and put the airship into a gentle turn, until Eureka was flying NNE about 20 miles west of the coast line. The farther north they traveled, the closer they would approach the new coastline. \"I guess we'll find out what Oregon looks like.\" \"It's going to take a couple hours or more to get the north end of the Nevadas. Keep an eye open. Who knows maybe we'll find an aircraft carrier or some large ship to land on.\" Roger commented. Looking down at the water, it sure didn't seem likely. \"You wish\" George replied. Sam went back to her seat, and tried again to get through the near catatonic state Candace had settled into. Try as she might, her friend was just out of it. Giving up she turned to look out the large windows. Everywhere she looked, all she saw was wreckage of various sorts and sizes. Cars, trucks. Houses, trailers, lumber and boats of various types and conditions. Thankfully they were too high to really make out the bodies of the thousands of people who had died that morning. She looked up to focus on the far off shoreline, and trying to see if there was any place to land on between them and that distant shore. As Eureka moved northwards, and the new coastline came closer, she could make out huge areas of bare rock on the slopes of the Nevadas. While most of the land before the mountains had subsided, and the waves crashing in had not been as large as they could have been, there were spots where the side of a mountain had fallen away. There would not be much hope of landing there, as most of the communities would have also suffered from the quakes. No, it would be better farther north and a lot farther inland. She got up and went aft to check the small galley. They had been airborne now for a good 4 hours, and she thought that perhaps a coffee or water would help. The Zeppelin had not been built to do much more than sightsee, so the galley as such was pretty sparse. The coffee was in an insulated canister, similar to those used on airliners, and the water and snacks were stowed the same way. The containers were hauled out of the racks and swapped out for the next sightseeing trip. She went back forward to ask the two pilots what they preferred, and gently patted Candace on the shoulder as she went past. She got no response and so she continued on forward. As she knelt down between Roger and George, they suddenly looked up and turned at the sound of a whistling rushing wind. Turning to the rear, all of them watched as Candace stepped ahead, disappearing through the open door. Sam screamed.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 Roger and George just sat looking at each other in shock. Sam remained crouched between the two seats. No one said anything for minutes which seemed more like hours until Sam whispered, more to herself than anyone else, \"Oh Candace, Why did you have to go and do that?\" At that Roger reached down and put his hand on her shoulder. She leaned her head into the crock of his arm, and said nothing. They remained this way until the copilot got up to close and latch the door shut. There wasn't much else they could do, as they were still at 3000 feet. Sam tried to clean up the spilled coffee as best she could and then went back to sit alone for a while. She needed to grieve for her friend and to fight down the feeling of hopelessness that Candace's sudden suicide had thrust upon her. Roger looked back at her with worry written plain as day on his face. She looked up at him, and after a moment or two gave him a weak smile, not wanting to talk yet. Roger turned back towards the instrument panel and windscreen, glancing down to do his instrument check as a matter of habit. All was as it should be but the fuel gauge was steadily winding down to zero. He estimated another 300 to 340 miles of air time left before they ran out of fuel and had to land. Ahead of them the coast angled across Eurekas' bow, and they were a lot closer now, probably less than 10 miles. They had been chugging along at 60 knots for better than an hour now, heading slowly north east. He glanced over at George, who returned the glance with one of his own. Neither one of them wanted to say anything yet, but both of them were wondering just how much longer they could last before fate nailed them as well. As they closed the distance to the mountain range, they were able to make out a lot more detail. The Sierras had indeed subsided. As they got closer it became apparent that the subsidence was pretty major. At this altitude they should have been just about ready to hit the ground but here they were, flying along at 3000 feet over the water. Roger checked the GPS and compared it's reading to the chart. According to the GPS they should be on the ground downhill somewhere near Alta on highway 80. Yet the town of Alta was now under them, gone forever. The mountains had been stripped of just about everything but as they passed over the new coast line, they could see trees off in the distance. The new shore line was somewhere east of Alta, but perhaps not as far as Emigrants Gap, which according to his chart was at an elevation of some 5100 feet. They moved steadily eastward, and finally could see highway 80 rising out of the flattened mass of debris that covered the water. Nothing lived down there, and thankfully they were still high enough to be unable to make out more than just masses of trees, bits of building and chunks of boats and cars. Roger kept cross checking the GPS with the chart, and glancing below to find a recognizable landmark. It wasn't long before he found the single north south strip that was Blue Canyon airfield. It was deserted, no aircraft, or vehicles to be seen. But now he had an accurate location. They were coming up on the top of the pass, and in about 35 miles they should be seeing Truckee, assuming it was still there. He had his fingers crossed that perhaps they might find the area not too badly busted up, and could land. Emigrant Gap came and went beneath them, as did Yuba Pass, Cisco, Big Bend and Troy. No signs of life, just smashed and collapsed buildings. A lot of fires still burned. Onwards to Kingvale, Soda Springs and Norden. Here the buildings didn't appear as trashed but the ground was rent with great parallel chasms in spots, hundreds if not thousands of feet long and dozens wide. Where there had once been small lakes now only showed as muddy dents in the ground and the area around showed signs of floods as the lake beds drained. There wasn't anything left to land for. Finally the town of Truckee showed on the horizon. Smoke and flames, massive rents in the ground, buildings down all over the place. Here they saw the first signs of life. Someone was organizing tents and rough shelters in the school field on the western side of town. Further into the center of town, people could be seen clustered like ants around collapsed buildings, making efforts to save trapped victims. The commercial center of town was totally devastated, but people appeared to be trying to help others and salvage material and food for later. Five minutes later they came upon Truckee airport. According to the Jeppesen manual, there was 100 octane aviation fuel available here. Roger took Eureka in a wide circle over the field, noting the massive crevasses that pretty well cut off the field from the town. The apron was littered with aircraft in various condition, mostly flat on their bellies from collapsed landing gear. A few had been pitched into the sides of hangers or terminal building, and the main fuel pump station was in flames. Several buildings were also burning, and if there were any people about they weren't visible. George tapped Rogers arm and pointed to the ground near one of the hangers that was still in decent shape. \"Fuel truck there Roger!\" he exclaimed. He reached for the binoculars, and took a closer look. Roger turned Eureka towards the truck and finally George looked up at him with a grin. \"100 octane aviation fuel. No leaks, no fires nearby. So how are we gonna land this puppy and tank up? Or do we even bother?. There's nothing here anymore. Not much point in trying to stay here is there?\" Roger took Eureka up to 3000 feet again and headed south for a bit. He took the binoculars from George and had a close look at the buildings which were still standing. He gauged the wind direction and speed from the smoke billowing from the fuel center. \"Sam, could you come up here please?\" he called. Sam came up and knelt between the two seats. \"Do we try to land, refuel and go, land and stay or keep moving towards Reno? We might have a chance of getting fuel here, but I don't see any point in staying here. What do you think?\" He asked them both. \"Not much point in staying, and our fuel state isn't getting any better. If we want to keep on moving, we'll need to get that fuel into our tanks. Question is, how?\" George asked. \"How close can you get this thing to the ground?\" Sam asked. Roger kept his eyes on the wind sock below, judging the wind direction and speed. \"Normally we more or less trim neutral, drop lines, and our ground handlers take them in, bring them up onto the mast truck and we either get pulled down or \"fly\" down under power.\" He said. \"Now we don't have a mast truck, and there are no buildings here that we can moor to. And I don't want to vent any helium, so, in order to do this I'll need to fly her right down to the ground, and keep her down under power while you two get the fuel truck over here. I have to stay in a pretty clear area, the wind is steady but I might need to do some turning if it shifts. There's plenty of space pretty close to the truck so I'm ready\" \"Can we tie off to one of those lamp standards maybe?\" Sam asked him. \"No, but if we can get some cars over here and park them in a box pattern we could tie down the ship pretty securely that way.\" He said. George and Sam both looked out at the parking lot near the \"terminal\" There appeared to be several cars and trucks there but who knew if they had keys in them. The other option was to bring Eureka down over there, about 300 yards from the tanker. Then they had to hope that the tanker would have keys and run. Either way it was dicey. They kicked it around some more, and decided to ground in the parking lot, secure Eureka there and go for the tanker. This would also give them the chance to rummage through the terminal and see if they could pick up some supplies. So far they had not seen a soul there so resupply might be viable. \"OK, so here we go. When I get over the parking lot, I'll fly us down as close to the ground as I can. George, you can jump down onto a car roof or something, and grab the bow line. Sam, you follow and help George moor us. I'll stay here to fly her if needed. Once we are down, both of you head over to the tanker and get it moving. Getting the fuel aboard is the first priority. After that we'll see if we can do some grocery shopping. But both of you stay together at all times.\" Roger slowly descended, and made his approach over the parking lot. He was careful to put her into an open space which didn't have any lamp standards. The lot was partly full, mostly service vehicles. He turned into the wind, and slowly settled. George had the door open, and waited until he was about 3 feet above the nearest one, then jumped into the box of the pickup. He turned round and jumped out, ran forward and grabbed the first of the mooring lines. Sam followed him and picked up the second line. Tying them to the bumpers of two of the service trucks, they grabbed the next pair and tied them off to another pair of trucks. Roger throttled back, and the airship rose a bit but not much. There was enough weight in the four trucks to hold her down. A third pair of lines made sure of it. The wind was bouncing her around a bit but, nothing to worry about. Eurekas' nose pointed about 15 degrees off the wind and after the mooring lines became taut, she settled down to behave. Sam was reminded of her Dad's sloop, held off the dock by a wind across the dock. George and Sam made the dash over to the hanger where they'd seen the tanker. When they got to it, they found it had rolled into the adjacent hanger wall, but aside from a dinged fender, it appeared driveable. Sam jumped up behind the wheel, and searched for the key. She finally found it in the map box between the seats. The tanker started up on the first crank, and she let it warm up a bit, while George climbed in on the other side. Working the clutch, gears and gas, Sam got it away from the wall with a shriek of twisting metal, and headed along the taxi way towards the airship. As they got closer they could see her gently bobbing, her engines throttled down to idle, and Roger keeping an eye out the window at the wind sock a hundred feet away. They threaded their way down the row of vehicles and came as close to Eureka as they could. Sam shifted into neutral, stomped on the parking brake and followed George to the back of the truck where the hoses came out. While he figured out the pump controls, she grabbed the nozzle end of the 100 Octane hose and dragged it over to Eureka. Before she got there, George hollered for her to stop, and ran over dragging the grounding strap, which he connected to the airframe. \"Gotta be real careful with sparks here Sam!\" he told her. He then went back to the truck, and having figured out the controls, shouted at Sam to put the nozzle into the tank. He powered up the pump and the tank started to fill. Having roughly calculated how much fuel they would need, he slowed the pump down and let Sam pump in the last few gallons slowly with the nozzle control. As he was doing that he noticed a number of 5 gallon Jerry cans in the back of one of the service trucks, so he stopped the pump, and called to Sam to help him get some of them. They found over a dozen, mostly filled with what appeared to be regular automobile gas, so they humped them over to a ditch about a hundred feet past the parking lot and emptied them into the ditch. Once they had emptied them they brought them back to the tanker and filled them. George shut down the pump, and told Sam to move the tanker away to the other end of the parking lot. He turned to the jerry cans and started to load them into the pickup box, then on to the roof. By that time Sam was back and they loaded the additional fuel into the cabin of the airship. George walked over to where he was visible to Roger and signalled that he and Sam were going to check out the terminal. Roger gave him the thumbs up, and they both headed off to see what they might salvage. The power was out in the terminal, and the building was dark but there was sufficient light coming in through the windows to allow them to find the restaurant/bar. No one there. They checked out the reefer in the back, and found supplies of hamburgers, hot dogs, steaks, and other meats. At least a dozen cases of frozen precooked chicken patties and sausages, buns, bread, butter, and just about everything you could want in a decent restaurant. They even found a large kettle of chili, obviously prepared the day before. Water, booze, soft drinks, all was there for the taking. The hard part was deciding how to get it to the airship. Finally George went out the back door of the terminal and found a baggage cart and Clark tug out on the ramp. He started that up and drove it straight through the double doors of the terminal, and up to the restaurant. He and Sam heaped several hundred pounds of food and drink into the cart, then George drove it out the front of the building and over to Eureka. As they loaded the supplies into the cabin, Sam looked up and saw a small group of people standing at the edge of the crevasse that separated them from the airfield proper. They were waving and shouting, looking for help to get out of the town. Sam pointed them out to George who just shrugged and kept on loading. She climbed up into the cabin and went forward to ask Roger if they could do anything. He looked, and then sadly turned to her. \"Sam, we can pick up a couple of them, or we can dump the extra fuel and the supplies and take about half of them. Where do we take them?\" George returned to his seat on the right hand side, catching the comment. He looked at both of them. \"This is going to sound cruel and heartless. There is nothing we can do for them, without endangering ourselves. A few hours ago, I wasn't sure I even cared if we lived or died but now I'm thinking that we go on as long as we can. We have to do whatever we have to do to survive. Yesterday, the world was a kinder place. Today, all bets are off. This isn't a localized event. This is at least a continental event, perhaps even global. So who is going rescue who? We can't.\" He looked at Roger, then at Sam. He already knew Rogers feeling, and now he saw Sam turn to look at him, tears in her eyes. She shook her head, and then said \" We have to go. They have to fend for themselves, and it sucks. But it has to be this way... Roger, let's get out of here. Before I change my mind or go crazy thinking about.\" She and George jumped back onto the pickup, and as Roger maintained control, they cast off the mooring lines and watched them be pulled back into the ship. With the last lines cast off, they both scrambled up into the cabin, closed the door, and watched as Roger increased power and lifted off, turning away from the sad little group on the far side of the chasm. How about it people? I feel like I'm posting to the void. A little feedback please n thanks?[Chapter 4] 2012 Ch 4 Truckee California. 1615 PST Eureka climbed away from the Truckee airport, leaving the small group of people below. None of the people aboard were too happy with that but there wasn't anything they could do about it. It was an every man for themselves mess they found themselves in, so they'd better learn to suck it up. But it still didn't sit right with any of them. Eureka was climbing a lot slower, and after discussing it with George and Sam, Roger calculated that she was now at least 1200 pounds heavier, if not more. The twelve 5 gallon cans alone added 600 pounds and after Sam had inventoried what they had pilfered from the restaurant, she figured they had at least another 600 pounds of food and drinkables. Sam walked forward, and crouched between the pilot and copilot. \"I've had a look, and we have plenty of supplies aboard. I even grabbed the first aid kit from the restaurant to supplement ours. Unfortunately, unless we can find a way to heat up the stuff we grabbed, we are limited to cold food. Speaking of which, anyone want something to eat? I'm hungry as hell.\" Both of the pilots replied in the affirmative, and she went back to put together a decent meal, buns with butter, and a large dollop of Chili. She asked the two guys what they wanted to drink, and got it together for them, then told them to come and get it. Roger looked at George and nodded his head in the in the direction of the galley. \"I'll watch her while you eat, then you can cover for me. How are you for tired?\" George thought about it for a bit and said \"I'm good for a while. You?\" Roger looked at him and replied \"I am just about whipped. It's going to be dark in about an hour, and we are going to have to go watch and watch to keep her in the air. How's that for a kick in the ass.\" \"OK Roger.\" George said as he headed aft to the galley area to scarf down some food. While he was eating, Sam asked him where they were going to go next. He wasn't sure but probably North East as they'd discussed earlier. He quickly finished his meal and went back to the controls to spell Roger. Roger now came aft and Sam handed him a plate full of chili and a couple of buttered buns. She popped the top on a can of coke when he asked for it, and chatted with him about what to do next. Little did either of them know that at this very moment Yellowstone caldera was reaching its maximum pressure and was about to erupt in a cataclysmic blast that would have drastic consequences for every man, woman and child in the US. While they talked, George was monitoring the VHF band, and heard the call from a 747 flying over Idaho, looking for a place to set down before his fuel ran out. \"Yeah, we are just about bingo fuel here. Probably gonna have to belly her in in some pasture or something. There's no airfield open anywhere to set this pig down on. Oh and if your day wasn't already FUBAR, here's a good one! There's some crazy dude sitting on a mountain top in Yellowstone, saying it's all about to blow sky high. Now that I look at it, the ground does seem to be swelling up like a poisoned pup...\" Shortly there after the 747 radioed that there was indeed an massive eruption taking place, with ash and rock spewing at least 70-100,000 feet into the air where Yellowstone used to be. He also advised of the massive shock wave of rock and ash that he could see coming at him, even though he was at 36,000 feet. His comment broke off in mid sentence and George never picked him up again. \"Hey Roger, I think we may have a big problem here!\" He hollered at his fellow pilot. Roger hustled up to the front of the cabin. \"What's up?\" he asked. George told him of the radio message and how it had suddenly cut off. By this time Sam had come forward as well. She went pale when she heard the comment. \"What's the matter Sam? George asked her. She replied that she and Candace had been listening to the same crazy on the radio when they travelled to the northern end of the state earlier that week. \"He had some sort of web site up on the theory that Yellowstone was going to blow up on the 21st of December because the Mayans knew about it or some thing. We checked it out and had a good laugh at it. But now I also remember seeing a movie that said the same thing, only it didn't mention a date or the Mayans. Yellowstone is supposed to be about 70 or 80 miles across and it's all supposed to go up at one time. I wonder if it really did go?\" She said. \"Well if it did, and we get hit by the blast wave, that's all she wrote.\" George mused. \"But that has to be a good 700 miles off to the north east right? What are the chance of the wave holding together over that distance?\" Roger decided a course of action and let the others know. \"I don't know but I think it might be wise to get back on the other side of the Sierras. It might protect us from anything that makes it this far. I think we need to head back down towards San Francisco again RFN as fast as we can get this bus moving. Those shock waves move at a pretty good clip from what I've see on the science channels. George, turn us around and head to the coast again. If we make it, we can figure out what to do next later.\" \"OK Roger, west it is. Maximum cruising speed and back down the same highway we came up.\" George said over his shoulder as he turned Eureka around and put the throttles to full ahead. Turning towards the center of town, they followed Highway 80 back over the crest of the mountain and back down towards the water. With a tailwind, they made it to the crest in a little under 20 minutes, and steadily dropped in altitude as they headed for the water. Once they got to the new coast line, they looked in both directions, hoping to see a sheer cliff at some point on the coast line. Roger figured that any shock wave coming over top of the cliff would not descend to water level for some short distance, and perhaps by hugging the cliff face they might make it. As they were planning on going north east into Oregon, they turned north along the coast. The scene below was again one of total devastation. The area they were now flying over had been the upper reaches of the Sacramento Valley. Of course it was all underwater, and the surface was clogged with debris. Even this far from San Francisco, they passed several ocean going ships, adrift in the flotsam. On one, they noticed people on the bridge waving at them, hoping no doubt to be rescued. They flew on by, knowing that nothing had changed in their circumstances which could justify risking a rescue. A couple of hours later they were well north of Oroville, and while they had seen some spectacular subsidence areas, nothing so far promised to be the shelter from blast that they were seeking. Off in the distance they could see the black bulk of Mount Shasta, and from the looks of it, there might be some cliffs. Thankfully there was a small sliver of moon up, and between breaks in the cloud cover they could make out enough to risk getting closer to the mountain. They pulled closer, and found a massive granite cliff, at least 500 feet high, dropping sheer into the water. Along the edge, set back about a mile, ran Highway 5, the main north south highway. It was here that Roger decided to make his stand. Continuing north in the dark wouldn't gain them anything, and heading out to sea would probably be fatal if the blast wave was still dangerous. He snuggled the airship as close to the cliff face as he dared, juggling the controls and throttle to keep pace with the winds swirling around. Eureka hung about a hundred feet over the water, nose to the cliff and about 50 feet out. He glanced at the clock on the instrument panel and noted the time as 18:40. It was darker that anything he'd seen, and only the landing light on the nose of the gondola showed him his relative position. Thankfully the winds around the cliff were not too violent and he had good control of the airship. Now all they could do is wait and see what happened when the blast wave from Yellowstone arrived.[Chapter 5] 2012 Ch 4 New California Coast 1925 Eureka hung in the air, buffeting a little from the winds around the cliff they were facing. It was darker than 3 feet up a cow's arse (as George put it) and their only reference point was the circle of light against the cliff face. The moonlight that came and went did little to improve their vision. They sat back some 50 feet or so from the rock wall, waiting tensely to see if this was the end for them. Several hours earlier they had heard a report about Yellowstone National Park erupting in a massive blast. They had made a mad dash back down towards the Pacific, hoping to find something to hide behind if the blast wave did come this far. Roger sat working the controls constantly, trying to keep the airship in one spot. George was trying to help by controlling the engine thrust from ahead to astern and back, and so far they were doing good. Sam had gone back to her seat and belted in. The ride was a little too rough to be walking around and Roger had insisted. No one said anything, except for the comments between pilot and co-pilot. Sam sat lost in thought, wondering if they would still be alive to see the dawn. The day had so far been one nightmare after another. First watching California sink into the ocean. Then Constance jumping out of the airship to her death. Finally, the terrible vision of the stranded people at Truckee, begging for a rescue that they could not afford to make. And now she sat strapped into a seat that may well end up deep in the debris covered ocean in seconds if that blast wave did make it nearly 700 miles from Wyoming. Time seemed to have slowed almost to a stop. Their entire concentration was on the cliff face in front of them. The airship hung there, buffeting in the wind sheer as the winds backed and filled. The tension they endured grew with each passing moment, as they waited for what ever fate had in store for them. Roger glanced at the clock on the instrument panel and watched the time pass. He checked the gas gauge and noted that they weren't burning much fuel in station keeping mode. George was doing a skilful job at nudging the throttles and their position didn't shift much. Time passed as they hung in the dark. 20:24 21:07 22:46 Time dragged on, without any change. The moonlight occasionally provided them with a bit of vision but they couldn't see anything much beyond the trees on the top of the cliff, waving in the wind, and the jostling wreckage and debris below them. Roger was getting exhausted. He needed sleep in the worst way. George wasn't in much better shape. They had both been awake since 7am. Roger had been on the stick pretty much the entire time since take off at 9am. Almost 14 hours at the controls. He began to think about how they would keep the airship going if both pilots conked out from exhaustion. 23:15 00:21 George looked at the gauges with bleery eyes. His movements on the throttles were becoming less and less coordinated. Sam had crept forward and fed them sandwiches and cold coffee, which had helped a bit in keeping them awake but both he and Roger were on their last legs. Something had to give. They'd been hanging here for almost 5 hours and so far nothing. At least Sam was able to catch catnaps back in the cabin. 01:34 George snapped awake. He'd dozed off. He glanced at Roger. Roger looked like pale death. He was still awake but fading fast. They couldn't keep hanging here for much longer. If they both fell asleep the ship could end up god knows where and they'd probably end up dead. It was about time that they backed off from the cliff face and took their chances out over the ocean. He turned to Roger and told him this. Roger looked at him. He was just about at the end of his string and knew it. He didn't like it but George had the right idea. They had to move away from the land in order to let the ship drift while they caught up on their sleep. He was about to tell George to back them away when Sam gasped in surprise behind them. They both turned to look back at her. She pointed out the window. Roger turned to look, and saw masses of trees, dirt and rocks cascading down the cliff face a couple of hundred feet or so to the side of them. As far as he could see along the cliff face there were tons of crap going over the side. Yet here they hung. If Sam hadn't seen it they would never have even noticed it. He turned to look in the opposite direction. Here there wasn't anything to see. Was this the shock wave? If so why was it not all over them too? Then it came to him. They were in the lee of Mount Shasta after all. The shock wave would have been fairly close to the ground this far out from Wyoming. It looked like the wave had swept around Mount Shasta on either side of them. He looked out the windows again, and as the moonlight shone through a break in the clouds he saw another mass of debris flying into the ocean 4 or 5 miles to the north of them. The mountain was acting as a wind break. They were safe. The revelation that they had apparently survived did much to revive them. Sam made up more cold coffee, and they hung in for another hour, by which time the avalanche of debris had come to a halt. \"George, back us away from the cliff a ways. I'm going to turn out to sea and let her drift for a while while we catch some sleep.\" he said as he looked at his copilot. \"Who is going to keep watch?\" George asked him. Roger looked aft where Sam sat. \"How are you feeling? Can you keep watch for a bit? Even an hour or two would do wonders to wake us back up.\" She smiled at the two to them and agreed. \"I've been catching naps on and off for the last few hours. You guys set her up to drift and I'll keep an eye on the gauges. Just show me the ones I need to watch that we don't drop into the sea.\" \"I can do better than that Sam, I'll show you how to keep her headed in the right direction and keep the drift down to as little as possible.\" Roger replied. He looked at George and pointed aft. \"Go get some sleep pal, you look like I feel.\" \"Yeah I love you too... Hey man, it looks like we get to live another day, don't we?.\" he grinned as he climbed out of his seat and headed aft. Sam waited til he was clear and sat down in the copilots seat. Roger spent 20 minutes giving Sam the quickie Airship Ops 101 course, enough that with visible references below, she was able to head the ship into the wind, and adjust the throttles until their movement relative to the garbage on the surface came to almost nothing. \"Think you got the hang of it Sam?\" he asked. \"Yeah I have it. Go catch some sleep. I'll holler if anything changes.\" With that, Roger leaned back in seat and closed his eyes. Day one was over. ","Summary":" Roger Whitfield gazed out over the Napa Valley wine country from 1000 feet in the air. The sun was "},{"Movie":"Independence Day","Title":"Independence Day Version 1995 (Alternate Sequel)","Author":"luvsadventure12101981","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12033662","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Independence Day Version 1995 By Taylor Marshall, Pelayo Quesada Based on the 1996 motion picture written by Roland Emmerich and Dean Devlin and produced by 20th Century Fox. All rights respected. Prolugue: First rule of fiction! There is no real version, that's why it's fiction. Version 1995 is an alternate sequel that was written for the millions of fans who were disappointed to see the happy ending of the original ruined by the second wave attacks of Independence Day Resurgence. Version 1995 is the same as the original except for two main differences. First, there will never be a second attack wave, and secondly the setting will be not in the year in which it was released, but in the year in which it was filmed, 1995. Instead of the War of 96 the conflict will appropriately be called \"The Two Worlds War\" The reasons for the 1995 setting will be outlined in the story. This version disregards both the movie Independence Day Resurgence as well as the book Independence Day Crucible. Also please note that the changing of the setting is not to ensure the authors safety in the story, let me explain why. On July 2-4 in 1995 I was on a Dude Ranch in the Montana Wilderness, and on those dates in 1996 I was on a Florida barrier Island, thus 1995 or 1996 either way I am okay, but you will find out as you read that a 1995 setting actually makes way more sense. Also, technically this is not changing the setting of the original because this version disregards Resurgence and Crucible, and in the original they never tell you what year it is so that means that it still doesn't have a specified setting. Please note this is a work in progress and we are always open to new ideas and suggestions.[Chapter 2] July 4, 1995 President Whitmore's Speech When Major Mitchell Gave President Whitmore the intercom with which to make his speech little did he know that the intercom was broadcasting via radio waves to millions of people in hiding around the world. \"Good morning. In less than an hour, aircraft from here will join with others from around the world. And you will be launching the largest aerial battle in the history of mankind. 'Mankind' that word should have new meaning for all of us today. We can't be consumed by our petty differences anymore. We will be united in our common interest. Perhap's it's fate that today is the Fourth of July, and you will once again be fighting for our freedom...not from tyranny, oppression, or persecution... but from annihilation. We're fighting for our right to live. To exist. And should we win the day, the Fourth of July will no longer be known as an American holiday, but as the day the world said in one voice: 'We will not go quietly into the night! We will not vanish without a fight! We're going to live on! We're going to survive! Today we celebrate our Independence Day!\" The crowd at Area 51 in northern Nevada gave great cheers to this message and millions more listening around the world were just given new hopes. It was not long after this speech was made that Captain Steven Hiller and David Levinson, a graduate of MIT and former New York City television network repairman were flying the downed alien craft from the Roswell, New Mexico crash into the belly of the Mothership where they uploaded the Jolly Roger computer virus. The virus caused an overload of the ship's systems and they used what remaining power they had to stay in flight but unfortunately for them this meant disabling of all shields which is exactly what the human forces on Earth needed to win the war. President Whitmore himself led the fight over the deserts of Northern Nevada and Utah and it was an old Vietnam Veteran named Russell Casse who ultimately sacrificed himself to save those on the ground and in doing so revealed the ship's weakpoint. One missile to their primary weapon would cause the weapon to backfire and destroy the 15 mile wide ship. Whitmore ordered the team on the ground to spread this information to others around the globe and by day's end all 36 city destroyers were taken down. Meanwhile back in the Mothership Hiller and Levinson were not able to detatch their craft from the ship's docking bay so they ultimately accepted that they must pay the ultimate price to save the world. Levinson had already successfully uploaded the Jolly Roger Virus but he still had one more thing to send out, a signal that would create a cackling skull and crossbones on all the alien's computer ships. Once that signal was planted into the Mothership it then filtered into all the corresponding ships back on Earth and a laughing Skull and Crossbones was the last thing many aliens saw before their craft were shot down. Hiller then fired of a Hydrogen Bomb nuclear Missile taking out what was believed to be the alien leader. Somehow doing that made their ship detach from the Mothership's docking bay and they realized they were free but had 90 seconds (extended from the original 30 seconds) to escape. Hiller flew the ship at full capacity towards the exit with several alien fighters following in pursuit. Just as they approached the exit the door began to close to which Levinson said \"must go faster! must go faster!\" Hiller put the petal to the metal and escaped just before the door finished shutting. In relief he shouted \"Elvis has left the building!\" Meanwhile back in the Mothership there were 10 seconds remaining on the hydrogen bomb. One alien saw the timer and had a hunch that they were doomed. Once the clock stuck 0 the bomb exploded in a bright flash engulfing the Mothership and sending it flying out in all directions in thousands of pieces. Hiller and Levinson just barely escaped the debris but managed to land in the Bonneville Salt Flats just over the State line. Colonel Edmond Forrester Colonel Edmond Forrester was a retired member of the United States military whose career started in Vietnam in 1967 as a PFC. During the events of the last few days however he was not on duty but was on vacation at the K-Bar-L Dude Ranch in the Bob Marshall Wilderness of Montana. He was however able to communicate with friends who were still in the service via satellite telephone. Forrester stood at the top of Sun Butte looking up towards the Montana Big Sky. It was like a fireworks show only way better for not only was it beautiful but it was also a sign of victory. The debris of the mothership was burning up high in the upper atmosphere. It was a spectacular site. Another guest at the ranch, Taylor Marshall, a handsome young blonde hair and blue eyed boy who was only 13 stood by Forrester's side \"wow! I've never seen anything like it.\" To which Forrester replied \"It is quite a site isn't it son?\" Taylor's brother Andrew Marshall age 10 also stood there watching as did their parents Georgia and Robert. Though they were beyond happy that humanity had won the battle they could not stop thinking about Laura Marshall, age 16 who was studying abroad in Oxford England and everybody knew that London was one of many cities around the world to be taken out as was their hometown of Atlanta, Georgia, which was just more than a year from the day they were to host the Centennial Olympic Games. Taylor then proceeded to say one hi favorite lines from one of his favorite movies \"Ssssssssssmokin!\". After the fireworks show was over everyone looked down off the mountain at the ranch below and then hopped on their horses and rode back down to the ranch. The view from Sun Butte Montana Surprise Visitor to Area 51 Northwest Utah on the Bonneville Salt Flats not too far from Area 51 in Northern Nevada Meanwhile President Whitmore, his daughter, General Grey, Connie Spano, Jasmine Hiller and her son Dylan were standing on the Bonneville Salt Flats looking at the downed alien destroyer as well as the \"fireworks show\" in the sky as they watched the debris from the mothership burn up in the upper atmosphere. \"Happy 4th of July Daddy!\" Patricia Whitmore exclaimed to her father. \"Same to you munchkin,\" replied the President. Captain Steven Hiller was holding his new stepson looking up \"Didn't I promise you fireworks?\" \"Yeah\" replied Dylan. Meanwhile something else caught everyone's attention, a descending aircraft off in the distance. On board the 1967 Haviland Twin Otter there were two men in the cockpit, one was USAF Colonel Paul Kelly (Face and Voice of John Heard) and the other was Andy Baumgartner (Face and voice of John Candy). Kelly and Baumgartner did not know each other for long and Kelly did not know the President but Baumgartner was an old friend of President Whitmore from their days in law school at Duke. Baumgartner and Whitmore became very close friends and Baumgartner was Whitmore's best man in his wedding and would later become Godfather to Patricia. Born and raised in Michigan's Upper Peninsula Baumgartner learned to fly from his father at a very young age and would grow up to be a very successful attorney before being elected to the United States Senate in 1988. Baumgartner was a large man, weighed as much as 300 pounds as recently as 1993 but over the past two and a half years he had slimmed down to 240. A very kind man and talented public speaker as well as clarinet player with exceptional people skills Baumgartner would eventually resign as senator to go on to bigger and better things. \"Okay this is the approximate radar location that Area 51 told us and there's some smoke,\" commented Baumgartner, \"It's the Bonneville Salt Flats lets land this bird!\" The aircraft touched down on the flat desert floor and began to reduce speed as it approached the crowd of people. Once the craft came to a complete stop Baumgartner stepped out and the first person to recognize him was General Grey. \"Mr. Vice President?\" shouted the General. \"Aye that's me!\" responded Baumgartner. President Whitmore was in shock but also very happy to see his friend still alive. \"Andy we thought you died at NORAD!\" \"Most of the joint chiefs did as did all of my secret servicemen. They died saving us. Sally and the kids are okay. They'll be arriving on another flight later.\" The two men hugged each other. Like Reagan and Bush, Whitmore and Baumgartner had one of the best President and Vice-President working relations in United States History. \"So sorry to hear about Marilyn, but regarding these terrible series of events…well….I said this on election night and I'm going to say it again\" Baumgartner commented \"Congrats Boss we did it!\" Patricia came running up to her Godfather \"Uncle Andy!\" Baumgartner embraced his goddaughter with open arms \"hello there munchkin! Your Uncle Andy may still be getting smaller but you, you just keep on getting bigger and bigger!\" Andy then went back over to the President. \"Oh Andy we have a hard job ahead of us,\" said Whitmore. Andy replied \"You are not kidding boss, but look on the bright side of things, we won the war, and all of this happened in a non-election year, can you imagine what sort of a nightmare we would have been in had all this happened a year from now? Right now we can focus on reconstruction as we should, then next year we can worry about re-election.\" (The above paragraph states the first reason for the 1995 setting.) Patricia was excited to see her God-father and looked forward to seeing her God-mother Sally as well as God-sisters Jenny (face and voice of Jennifer Candy) and Ellie (face and voice of Maika Monroe) and her God-brother Christopher (Face and Voice of Chris Candy). Jenny and Chris were the Vice President's biological children, Ellie was born in Romania in 1988 and adopted by the Baumgartner's. Ellie and Patricia were only a month apart in age. \" Aliens reach their new and final world (All telepathic interactions are translated into legible English for this paragraph.) (Also. Before anyone rushes to judgment on this part of the story please remember this. Many great sci-fi movies include elements of the supernatural and that includes ET, Star Wars, and even Independence Day with the telepathy. Also Titanic was a romantic drama and at the end Rose goes to Heaven). One lone alien who was on board a ship that went down in Egypt was laying down on a rocky surface and just coming around to consciousness. The last thing he remembered was seeing that laughing skull and crossbones on the computer screen and then being engulfed by flames as the ship's primary weapon was struck with several missiles. He could still hear a laughing sound and still saw flames. He stood up to see a much taller alien that he and all the others would recognize in an instant, the queen. \"Your majesty? We didn't know you were on this ship.\" The queen responded \"You imbecile I've been on this ship the entire time everyone else knows that I'm here.\" \"But we thought you were on the mothership!\" \"This is the mothership you imbecile!\" replied the queen. \"I beg your pardon your majesty but no it's not, and the mothership has been destroyed!\" All of a sudden both aliens were confused but then began to realize just how hot this foreign place really was. Before either of them could so much as blink an eye a huge object struck. The object was long, had a few blades and a handle. They both glanced up to see a high cliff with a towering red figure standing on the top with two horns on his head. Then the queen turned around to see a human with brown hair and an ugly moustache walk forward. \"Who or what are you? And why are you here?\" \"Our ship caught fire\" replied the alien. The man replied \"So did one of mine, on May 6, 1937.\" All of a sudden all three of the figures were engulfed in flames. The queen shrieked then stared at the figure on top of the cliff. \"Where are we? Are we still on Earth?\" \"No\" replied the tall red figure, \"you're not on Earth, you're in it. You all have seen many worlds, but this one is your new home. There will be no chance of conquer or escape.\" \"Can there be a peace between us?\" begged the Queen. \"No Peace!\", replied the red figure. The queen was profoundly disappointed \"Well what is it you want us to do?\" The red figure replied \"Suffer and burn!\" The flames kept growing higher and higher as more and more aliens began rushing to the queen. Back in Montana Later Forrester was having a chat with one of the guests at the ranch, a kid named Travis who commented \"for us to take out an enemy like that is like a David and Goliath Story.\" To which Forrester replied \"Funny you should say that Travis, the man responsible for disabling the alien shields is named David.\" It was then time to begin the 4th of July festivities on the ranch and Taylor showed up again near the ranch bell so Forrester said \"So. Do you want to ring the bell? Or should I?\" Taylor gladly accepted the invitation. Then he told Forrester that he had been reading one of his Hardy Boys books \"I used to love Hardy Boys as a kid\" replied Forrester, \"Which one is it?\" \"The Secret of Skull Mountain,\" replied Taylor. It was later learned that the Los Angeles County detention facilities were never evacuated which means that OJ Simpson died in a towering inferno. (Second reason for 1995 setting).[Chapter 3] Discovery in Italy Wednesday, July 5, 1995 Only a day after the Italian Air Force shot down an enemy alien ship before it reached the city of Naples, Captain Mario Fabbri from the Italian \"Col Moschin\" of the Italian army advanced through the downed enemy ship looking for any surviving enemy aliens. Despite the humans winning an epic victory in the previous battle and avoiding their species' certain annihilation, noises heard the soldiers surrounding the fallen ships told the world governments their enemies weren't quite as completely annihilated as they'd first hoped. That was something the Italian government as well as the rest of the world governments were determined to solve. Well, kind of, much to Captain Fabbri's displeasure one of the objectives assigned to his team was to take prisoners, capture live aliens for the scientists to study. He had friends in Rome when the aliens attacked, and he had intended to use this mission to personally get revenge on any aliens he found on the ship had his superior not asked him to get the prisoners Of course, it seemed he wouldn't be able to obey his orders nor take revenge as they explored the downed enemy ship they had only found their enemy's death bodies, either charred from the explosion or just dead because of the impact. \"Captain I think the guys outside have a hyperactive imagination\" One of his men, Sergeant Matteo Grecco, spoke. \"All these bastards seem dead.\" \"We have explored only a little portion of the ship Sergeant. \"It's too early to tell.\" \"I guess so\" Matteo agreed. \"Do you think the rest of the teams will have more luck.\" \"We'll see\" Mario replied as he suddenly stopped. Looking at the dark hall ahead of them with his night vision goggles staring at it intently. \"What is it Cap?\" another member of his team, Giusseppe Graziani, asked. He sounded nervous, he was the youngest person in the team and the least experienced and as such while they were all felt something about this mission they could conceal their nervousness and their anxiousness better than him. Mario didn't reply as motioned for him to be quiet and listened. \"Something is coming\" he told his team after listening for a few more seconds. The members of his team looked at one another before aiming their weapons at the hall in front of them ready to kill or capture whatever came their way. However, Mario knew their position was not favorable and they would sustain heavy casualties if they engaged the hostiles like that. \"Spread out we'll ambush them\" he ordered with his team following his orders immediately, luckily thanks to their Captain's superior hearing they still had a few seconds to mount the ambush. And sure, after taking positions around the room, the enemy weapons could be heard shooting as two figures rushed out the tunnels. The soldiers observed both figures, none of them seemed to be humans but their aspect was humanoid, one was similar to a male and the other one to a girl. In fact, through the night goggles the only difference they could notice between the figures and a human was that the figures had elf-like ears. It didn't seem like the figures had noticed but none of the soldiers moved, it was clear that the two figures were in the middle of a shootout with someone or something plus they didn't seem like the enemy corpses they'd seen so far. Sure enough, aliens of the same species of the corpses they had seen so far appeared as the shootout continued. Finally, the one of the first two alien figures fell to the ground as one of the shots fired by the enemy aliens hit him on the leg while the female released her weapon in surprise and went to tend to her partner. Just from this action it was clear that the girl wasn't a soldier or a warrior. The enemy aliens stopped shooting and approached the two. It seems that their intent wasn't to kill them but to capture them. As Matteo saw this, he knew their opportunity had arrived. \"Now!\" He shouted as he pointed his weapon to one of the enemies spraying it with bullets. His men soon followed suit, but it seemed that the enemy aliens were sturdier than they looked. If Matteo recalled correctly according to some into they had gotten from the US after defeating the aliens sit was because the enemy aliens carried some kind of bio-armor. However eventually it seemed their bullets penetrated the armors and hit the aliens inside who fell to the ground dead. \"Cease fire!\" Mario ordered once their enemies were dead. After his men complied he moved from his position and approached the two humanoid aliens with his men doing the same. The aliens looked at their saviors but didn't dare to move, it was clear that they were uncertain about the human soldier's intentions. \"Sergeant\" Mario said looking at Matteo. \"Report this to HQ\" Mario observed from the room next to the interrogation room as the two rescued aliens sat in the interrogation room talking to each other in their own language. Watching both of them in a lit room now Matteo couldn't help but think that they were more elf-like than he previously thought, with not only pointy ears but silver eyes and hair and milky white skin. \"Why the hell did they take those two to an interrogation room. Do they plan to interrogate them? It's not like they speak fluent Italian, or any language known to man for that matter.\" Sergeant Grecco who was keeping him company spoke. \"Who knows. Maybe they have found some kind of translator inside the enemy ship.\" Matteo tried to reason. He sounded skeptical about it though. Before the Sergeant spoke again the door to the room they were in opened and two generals, one from the Air Force and one from the army. The one from the Air Force was older and close to the retirement age while his Army Counterpart seemed to be only on his late forties. \"Captain Fabbri, Sergeant Grecco?\" The General from the army asked as to confirm their identities prompting both of them to salute their superiors. \"At ease\" he said as he and the Air Force General returned their salute. \"I'm General Salvini and this is General Lombardi.\" The General introduced himself and his colleague. \"We've heard it was you who brought these aliens into the base.\" \"Yes sir\" Mario replied looking at the Army General while Sergeant Matteo looked at General Lombardi with his eyes full of admiration. He was after all one of the people that had contributed the most to the Italian air force's victory against the alien. \"You reported they were fighting against our enemies.\" General Lombardi spoke. \"Are you sure about this?\" \"Yes sir. We saved them from a group of enemy soldiers. It seems they wanted to capture them\" Mario replied, and General Lombardi nodded and muttered. \"Interesting\" \"Sir\" Matteo asked. \"Why did you make us bring them to an interrogation room. It's not like we can communicate with them or interrogate them.\" General Salvini looked at him. \"If what you have told us is true Sergeant that makes these aliens are enemies of our enemies and that makes them, and their race if it still exists, potential allies.\" \"About communicating with them, you don't have to worry. As soon as we clear that ship of enemies we will begin searching for some kind of translator device.\" General Lombardi said. \"And until we do we have to treat them as best as we can\" he added as he looked at the \"friendly\" aliens with a head full of thoughts he didn't reveal to the others.[Chapter 4] October 1995 In early October Microsoft released Windows 95 and millions of people complained so Apple decided to hire David Levinson to advertise for them saying that he used a Mac to help save the world and that instead of giving the aliens the Jolly Roger virus he really gave them Windows 95 and that caused all their systems to fail. After the ad was released Apple sales skyrocketed. The leaders of many world countries soon unanimously agreed to call the recent conflict the Two Worlds War. Although the mothership was destroyed as well as all city destroyers, many of the smaller fightercraft crashed landed and there were reports of mass groups of aliens going into hiding around the world. Canada, Africa, and the Amazon were a few places where large groups were said to be seen. The hunt for survivors was underway. All humans were put into Refugee camps and all aliens into POW camps. Human Refugee Camps The regufee camps were located outside of major cities. Many shopping malls and warehouses that survived the attacks were turned into massive housing shelters for the refugees. Crop gardens and livestock farms were established nearby in order to provide food. The Atlanta, Refugee camps had an advantage over some other cities. Although Atlanta's Atkinson-McDonough Power plant had been badly damaged in the blast and the railroads nationwide were damaged, Buford Dam was still capable of generating electricity just as long as the Chattahoochee River kept flowing from Lake Lanier. The Marshall family was in a refugee camp at Northlake Mall near Tucker, GA. Other refugee camps had been set up at Gwinnett Place Mall, Northpoint Mall, and even other smaller shopping centers. The insides had lots and lots of bunkbeds many that were only separated by privacy curtains, but at least people had places to sleep. Massive bath and shower rooms were constructed and segregated by sex. Life in the Refugee Camp was not like life was before the 2WW, but the main thing is that people were still alive and trying to get back on their feet while finding surviving loved ones as well as not forgetting those who had perished. Many pets who survived the attacks were either reunited with their families or simply given new homes in the refugee camps. Many people in the camps grew attachments to these community animals and made sure they got all the food and loving that they needed. The Marshall family was fortunate to have gotten all three of their pets back; cats Georgie and Samantha and the Labrador-Pitbull mix Sadie. The camps used the surviving internet grid to communicate with each other. The names of millions of survivors were put onto websites as well as their locations. The communications grid was just getting started to get rebuilt. In order to rebuild society has to start somewhere and communication is the best place to begin because once we begin to communicate then we can make a plan. October 14, 1995 New Fears in the skies Approximately 1,000 unidentified spacecraft entered Earth's atmosphere, the whole world was nervous for the same reason that a burnt child fears fire. These spacecraft landed in various parts of the world, Russia, China, Japan, Brazil, Kenya, Canada, the United Kingdom, Australia, Germany, India, South Korea, as well as numerous other places. Thousands of people were sent out to investigate and in many cases shots were fired but a cease fire was called when Rear Admiral Kensington of the British Royal Navy noticed something incredible, not only were there no life-forms aboard but there appeared to be some kind of message repeating itself on some kind of projector. Several leaders and members of the intelligence community from around the world were called in to observe the message. What they saw was another world that had been devastated by the same spaceships that had attacked several Earth cities back in July as well as a reduced population of peope evacuating that word in retreat in large spaceships. The next section of the message showed what was unanimously agreed to be one fleet of ships following another fleet of ships through the universe and though it could not be said for certain, it was determined that this new group had been following the recently defeated fleet for a very long time, perhaps many thousands of years. The landed ships in the United States were at locations on the Bonneville Salt Flats as well as on the North Carolina Coast, both close to downed city destroyers. President Whitmore and his top advistor's husband David Levinson approached the site with terrified faces but left with very different looks. \"I don't think it's the same race\" said Whitmore, \"I don't think it's a hostile message Mr. President\" replied Levinson. \"Could they be people from another world that was once invaded by our recent attackers?\" October 21, 1995 After a week of broadcasting the message to millions around the world a small ship landed in the desert near Area 51. It was approached by a group of news cameras as well as a batallion of ground units but President Whitmore ordered them not to draw weapons unless fired upon. Out of the ship stepped a group of 5. They were tall beings with arms, legs, medium sized heads and much smaller eyes than the members of the attacking race. Once Whitmore got a shot of their faces he said \"It IS a different race of extra-terrestrials. Slowly he approached the group \"you probably don't understand me but after studying your message I would like to say welcome.\" The biggest member of the group lowered it's head and stuck a hand to it's chest. Perhaps this was how they greeted each other. The being then pointed it's arm towards the giant screen. On the screen came photos of downed cities all over the world and it was assumed that the beings were taken sattelite photos. The next set of pictures were like a slide show of computer animation. They showed what looked like more of their race landing in spaceships and constructing newer more advanced structures on top of the destroyed cities. Whitmore then proceeded to mimic the extra-terrestrials being for communication between the two races was still limited to body gestures but the problem with the video animation is that it was one way only so Whitmore looked at the news cameras \"I want the world's best videographers and computer animators to report to Area 51. We need to build a projection screen of our own.\" (One could say that this communication via projector was influenced by The Abyss which is another great Sci-Fi movie made by 20th Century Fox. One must see the special extended scenes version to see this scene) Within the next few days agencies from around the world sent their best video producers and a television screen the height of the Lincoln Memorial was constructed. The Walt Disney Company sent their Pixar Studios crew to help. Pixar had recently finished the first computer animated movie of it's kind, \"Toy Story.\" An animated video was made that depicted one of the new arrivals coming into the labaratory at Area 51, receiving a few physical examinations, and then being released. One of the beings began approaching Area 51 while a door on their space ship also opened. A young PFC named Benjamin Carpenter, who was 22 and originally from Indianapolis volunteered to step forward. Once inside the ship the door closed and at first he panicked but then another door opened and a being wearing a space suit came and extended out it's hand. Ben then felt a sting on his hand \"Hey! What the Hell?\" The being held onto him tight not letting him go, he was holding Carpenter with one hand and some kind of object that looked like a test tube in the other hand, the being was taking a human blood sample. Once the small container was full the being released it's grip and then proceeded to open the door. Before Ben decided to leave the ship a window going to the inside of the ship was opened and he decided to accept the invitation to take a peek. Inside there were more beings, possibly dozens of them each watching their own little projector screen. They were all watching what were familiar images to him as well as to many others around the world, episodes of Seinfeld, The Simpsons, Friends, as well as many movies. He also saw some footage that he was not familiar with, possibly TV shows from other countries. He then proceeded to leave the ship and report back to Area 51 where he was taken to decontamination. PFC Carpenter reported everything that he saw on the ship to the crew at Area 51 including Dr. Isaacs and David Levinson. Television was a subject with which Levinson was all too familiar \"If I had to guess I would say that they are using our own television signals to study Earth's languages. They want to communicate with us.\" The being that approached Area 51 received x-rays as well as bodily fluid samples. Before it was released it was given physical contact with Area 51 scientist Frederick Roper who was recently diagnosed with a terminal case of cancer. Roper would spend the next several weeks in isolation to see if he became the host of any sort of disease that could have been passed to him from the extra-terrestrial being. October 31, 1995 After more than two weeks of studying Earth's languages via television the new visitors were finally able to transmit a written message on their projector screens in over three dozen Earth languages. \"We come in peace. You destroyed an entire race of awful beings. We owe you all a great debt of gratitude.\" Upon reading this message Whitmore cried tears of joy \"it's over. We got them all the moment the Mothership was destroyed. Now let's respond to their message.\" In the same 36 languages in which the visitors transmitted their message the human race responded with \"Help us rebuild and we will let your people stay.\" Their response was \"Help is on the way. Look up to the sky on the night of November 11th\"[Chapter 5] Veteran's Day November 11, 1995 We must write a good President Whitmore speech for Veteran's Day. Large crowds were drawn out to the Bonneville Salt Flats the evening of Veteran's Day. Captain Steven Hiller and his wife Jasmine and stepson Dylan were present as were the three children of Russell Casse, Miguel and Alicia who were now living their Uncle Randall Casse and his wife Dorothy. It was a chilly desert evening and some of the crew had just returned from the Utah slopes, winter seemed to arrive early. After the sun went down everybody got in their lawn chairs and looked to the sky. For the first 20 minutes they saw nothing but then one by one the stars started to become visible, only they were not stars, for they were moving across the sky, spacecraft! Within 40 minutes there were too many spacecraft to count, they did not appear to be entering the atmosphere, they appeared to be in orbit. Looking up Levinson remarked \"There must be thousands of them, millions of them, what they hell are they doing?\" Captain Hiller was standing by his side and replied \"I think they're putting on a show for us.\" By midnight there were so many orbiting craft in the sky that one could drive down a country highway without using headlights. Constance Spano remarked \"Tom, that doesn't look hostile in the least.\" \"It's very beautiful Connie\" replied Whitmore who was holding his 7 year old daughter Patricia in his arms. \"Happy Veteran's Day Daddy!\" she said \"Same to you munchkin\" replied the President. Meanwhile Captain Hiller was holding his Stepson \"you like these fireworks?\" \"Yeah\" replied Dylan. November 12, 1995 By morning over 10,000 small spacecraft and a dozen medium sized spacecraft had landed on Earth. The visitors appeared to be assembling what looked like building machines. There were visitors in New York, Los Angeles, Atlanta, Chicago, Rome, Tokyo, Berlin, and many other places. The machines they constructed were clearing up debris and taking them into the medium sized spacecraft. In Atlanta, Georgia thousands of people watched with binoculars from the summit of Stone Mountain when one of them pointed down to the highway and said \"look!\" The visitors had replaced a broken highway bridge. Refugee camps were set up outside of major cities nationwide many of them inside suburban shopping malls that survived the damage. What were once shopping centers became new temporary places of residence. Each refugee aged 15 and older was required to help out in some way at least 10 hours a week. Schools were set up inside nearby buildings and the 1995-1996 school year was underway.[Chapter 6] December 1995 Reconstruction Underway It had been nearly a month since the new alien visitors had arrived and all around the world people were curious. Taylor Marshall and his friend Ben Bradley and their friends Gareth, Mason, and their dads all took a journey into the Atlanta ruins with their dads. There was one really big ship about 2 times the height of Stone Mountain and about 300 yards wide that seemed to be parked in the ground zero zone. There were also dozens of machines that ran on continuous tracks like giant bulldozers or tanks with big storage units. They looked like a cross between a bulldozer and a dump truck. They were constantly entering and exiting the big ship but each time they entered they carried lots of debris and each time they exited they came out empty. There were also several aerial machines that hovered around the area like Harrier Jets. One could also not escape the grim fact that they were standing in the middle of a mass grave site. Many of the human bodies had been incinerated to ash by the heat blast but not all. There were still several skeletons laying around. \"It's like the inside of a Terminator movie,\" Ben Bradley said. \"Yeah Ben but I don't think these machines are here to kill people. I think they're here to help people,\" replied Taylor Marshall. It was then that everybody looked up and noticed an incredible site. There was steam rising from the roof of the big ship high into the atmosphere. Although it had been communicated from the extra-terrestrails to the humans that theywanted to help rebuild the world communication between the two races was still extremely limited. Word came about that it was a very similar site at many cities around the planet. Several ships had also touched down into the ocean and constructed high and long piers that connected them to the mainland. These ships also created lots of steam.[Chapter 7] January 1996 The Blizzard of 96 The fall of 1995 had started off unseasonably cool in many sections of the northern hemisphere but once the winter of 1995-1996 offically arrived things got into full swing. The northeastern United States experienced the worst blizzard since 1947 (real life fact and third reason for 1995 setting) greatly hampering reconstruction efforts. There was a large hunting party in the Canadian wilderness of determined hunters. They knew there was a large group of aliens hiding out in the plains just north of them. So they set out on snowmobiles with guns and chainsaws.[Chapter 8] July 4, 1997 President Thomas J. Whitmore observed the people that had come to the inauguration of the newest and probably most important Monument in the reconstructed city of Washington DC, the monument to the victims of the Two Worlds War. It was amazing to think that it had been just two years since the alien attack on Earth and since the city he was in had been almost completely destroyed and its population annihilated. That in just two years not only his country but other countries around the World had been completely rebuilt with the unpayable help of the BETSI alien races and an unprecedented level of collaboration between every country government. But it was true. He then observed as VP and best friend Andrew Baumgartner delivered a speech, before his turn was up. Without and without his help, Tom knew that he wouldn't have survived these two years. Whether it was keeping him from getting completely wasted since he found him when he was at his most pathetic state the in the Winter of '96 at Camp David or being his hardest working subordinate as he lead the country and the world during the hardest times in history that man was as responsible if not more for every little and big thing Tom had managed to accomplish since the end of the war. Seeing the public laughing at something, most likely a joke that his best friend was telling so he laughed along even though he wasn't exactly listening, he then looked at his little girl, \"Or not so little girl as she likes to claim now\" he thought to himself with a chuckle. Patricia had gone through one of the hardest things one could imagine, losing a parent at a young age, something which sadly wasn't that uncommon in the times they were living in. \"What's wrong daddy?\" Patricia asked as she noticed Tom looking at her. \"Nothing. I was just looking at how pretty you are today.\" Tom looking at her with a fond smile and eyes full of paternal love. \"Thank you\" The girl said as she giggled. \"Aunt Constance helped me pick it up.\" \"She did?\" Tom looked at the seats of the guest of honor where Constance, his former Communications Director who was now starting her own political career by running for the senate, and her husband David Levinson sat along with the Hillers. They, the two families, had been pillars of support for himself and his daughter something the President was extremely grateful for. He couldn't help but chuckle when he noticed David was less interested in Andy's speech and more about what the BETSI guests of honor, with whom David preferred now to spend the time learning everything they were willing to teach him about their technology and alien technology in general, were doing. \"And now\" Andy began the end of his speech bringing Tom's attention towards him. \"I leave you with an admittedly less funny man who is also one of the best persons I know and a great leader for his country. President Thomas J. Whitmore!\" He finished and waited for Tom to make his way towards the podium and hugged him when he did before taking his seat. Once alone on the podium Tom took out the speech he had prepared during the past week. \"My fellow Americans, citizens of the world, friends from other Galaxies.\" He begun. \"We've come here, on this day July the Fourth 1997 in remembrance of those who were cruelly taken from us barely 2 years ago. People who we loved and respected, people who we would have liked to spend more time with and whose lives ended shortly after learning the answer to one of the questions we humans had been making ourselves for a long time about us being alone in the universe. The reply was not, we weren't alone, the Universe had other living beings, some terrible and some, as we would later learn, good. They died in what was supposed to be the end times. Humanity was facing the threat of extinction.\" He made a pause and took a bit water. \"But we resisted. Humanity counterattacked and won against the monsters that were threatening our lives and began rebuilding and changing since we came into contact with other worldly beings, some of which also sacrificed themselves to help us win the battle. Life will never be the same for any of us, but we'll continue living like the people who left us would have wanted. We'll continue to live for their sake as well!\" There was a thunderous applause from the public and Tom waited for them to finish so that he could continue, Of course, for that to happen some changes have to be made and cooperation between the countries has to remain as strong as it has been during the past 2 years. Something the world leaders I've spoken to and myself assure you all will continue to happen\" He motioned to the heads of state of many countries which were present at the ceremony. Some of them smiled when he mentioned them while others just nodded. Their actions represented the feelings they had about the things Tom was about to announce. \"For that matter in this very important day I'd like to announce some very important things to the people of Earth.\" The first announcement concerns the defense of our beautiful planet, something crucial to our survival as a species and the survival of our planet as well. Is the establishment of the Earth Defense Force Agency, an agency under the jurisdiction of the United Nations which we'll keep watch on the stars as well as ensure that such a terrible war as the Two Worlds War will never happen again.\" There was an applause after his first announcement, it was clear that the Earth armies on their own wouldn't stand a better chance against an alien threat than all their forces combined so the creation of such an agency not only made sense but was very good news The second announcement I must make concerns the hundreds of thousands of orphaned children that were left after this war. It's been brought to my attention that after these 2 years and despite of the efforts of government organizations and NGOs many of these children are not able to live as they should. Many are homeless, unable to go to school and in many cases not able to eat properly. As such to guarantee the rights of these orphans to a decent life, with a roof over their heads, food on the tables and provide them with an education we, the world leaders, have decided to create another UN agency, the Orphan Protection services to make sure not a single orphan on this planet is left unattended.\" He announced next prompting another round of applause. Tom smiled, the easy part was out of the way. Defending Earth and helping orphans was something every world leader and reasonable humans agreed on and pretty much thought necessary. \"Now onto the hard parts\" Tom thought to himself before continuing with his speech \"My third announcement concerns relationships with friendly alien species. As you know the species known as BETSIs have been a huge help to our planet in our greatest hour of need. Not only did their rebellion against our enemies help our victory but it has helped us contact other worlds and civilizations, that's why we've decided to establish diplomatic missions on their planets and having their diplomatic missions here in New York. A third UN agency, the International Agency for Intergalactic Relations will be created to cultivate and improve our relations with our alien friends.\" The applause now was much less enthusiastic. While no one could argue that BETSIs were enemies to human kind their presence made a lot of humans still uncomfortable. Many humans still hoped to return to the days were aliens were things you saw when you watched tv or went to the movies. Many hoped that after getting paid for their services to humanity the alien races they now knew existed would leave their little blue planet alone. \"And finally the fourth announcement is that the International Community has decided to create a fourth UN agency, the Earth Immigration Agency which would monitor the aliens coming in and out of earth as well as those aliens who decide to become inhabitants of our beautiful planet and we'll allow the surviving alien races whose planets have been destroyed to remain here as refugees if they so wish to do so.\" This time the last part of his speech was met by a deafening silence. However, for the moment he didn't feel the disapproval he had expected to feel from some sectors of the public, from the few faces he could see in the public he could tell they were too stunned to react just now. The President knew then that there was too much work to be done not only with the planet but with the people as well for the stronger, safer world with a much-varied population to come to pass but he had the feeling it'd eventually come ","Summary":" Independence Day Version 1995 By Taylor Marshall, Pelayo Quesada Based on the 1996 motion picture w"},{"Movie":"Pirates! Band of Misfits","Title":"An Adventure With Dracula","Author":"A. Kingsleigh","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9574993","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Good eeee vening, my friends. Please enter of your own free will, and leave behind some of the happiness you bring. And now that that's out of the way, who's up for a little spooky fun? Yeah, this is something that would probably be more suitable for October. But I'm going to be very busy the month after that, if you know what I mean, so I thought I'd get it out beforehand if possible. That and I just love writing these stories. So grab your stakes and leave your sparkles at the door, guys! It's time for An Adventure With Dracula! DISCLAIMER: If you recognize it, I don't own it. \"Of course it would be the shark! It would just chomp right through him!\" \"Yeah, except for the part where he gets on land and just harpoons the thing.\" \"I said in a straight fight! And besides, they can jump!\" The heads of the Barnacle Face's patrons whipped back and forth like they were watching a tennis match instead of two semi-drunk men arguing. The Pirate Captain's speech was jumping back and forth across the line between coherence and babble, and his words were slurred out alongside a melodramatic pointing of his finger and the sloshing of his drink. Bellamy sat a few seats away, one shoulder resting on the bar and his chin resting on his hand as he concentrated all his annoyance with the captain into his stare. He swatted his opponent's sentences away like flies and spat out his own as though each one was the end of the discussion. Most of the tavern-goers roared with approval at them, only to groan as the captain refused to back down, while his crew refused to let their opinion be drowned out by mere strength of numbers. None of them were sure how this had started, but they'd been going on now for who knew how long. All except one. Jenny flinched as Peg-leg Hastings flung an arm around her and started rambling on about taking a shark's eyeballs for his own or something equally disgusting. \"Yes, yes, that's very nice,\" she mumbled as she wriggled out of his grasp and slipped away. There was an empty table in a corner, and she sank down at it with a sigh. It was a bit quieter over here — as quiet as it probably ever got in this place, at least. She would be quite content with leaning against the wall, closing her eyes and never, ever being noticed... \"I ended up here on my first visit, too.\" Jenny snapped back to reality as Emma sat down across from her, carrying two mugs and trying to look welcoming. \"Brought ya this,\" she continued, sliding one of the mugs to to the younger woman. \"I watered it down.\" Raising it to her lips with trembling fingers, Jenny took a sip of the beverage. Less than a second passed before her face contorted, and she spit it back into the mug. \"I'm sorry! I think...I think it's an acquired taste,\" she said amidst gasps. \"Yeah, that's what I thought,\" Emma answered, pulling the mug back. \"Don't they need your help yelling over there?\" \"They never need help with that. It's nice to have another lady around, y'know.\" \"And...?\" \"You've been awful quiet as of late.\" \"I didn't think anyone noticed.\" \"It sticks out more than you think.\" Jenny's gaze drifted down to the scratches in the tabletop. \"I've been thinking,\" she finally answered, running her fingers along the worn lines. \"About home, mostly. Beatrice...\" \"I'm sure she's fine.\" \"...I just can't help but wonder.\" A hint of regret was in the girl's voice, and she wasn't doing a very good job of covering it up. \"I'm telling you,\" the captain continued, \"it would take more than just one bullet to bring the shark down! Even if you got it right between the eyes! Why, it could grow another tail if you blew that off! Or is that what happens with teeth? That is what sharks do, right...?\" He was beginning to sway back and forth. \"And that, ladies and gentlemen,\" Bellamy said as he stood up, \"is why you should never have too much grog.\" \"WAIT!\" the captain yelled as he regained his balance. \"I've got an even better idea!\" \"We forget this ever happened?\" \"We put it to a bet! I prove that a shark would beat a Dracula, you give me half the treasure you've collected for Pirate of the Year so far.\" Bellamy raised an eyebrow. \"And what would I get if I won?\" \"It's about time for us to be going,\" the Pirate With A Scarf said as he pulled the captain towards the door as quickly as he could, signaling for the others to help. \"Isn't that right, sir?\" \"Half my silver! You'd get half my silver! Not that you're going to, of course.\" Wrenching free of his first mate's grasp, the captain straightened his hat and strutted out the door with a grin plastered across his face. The snickering began before he was even gone, and it burst out into laughter as soon as he was outside. \"Saw that comin' from a mile away, I did!\" \"Oh, like that's a big accomplishment!\" \"Wasn't like he'd win with all that silver, anyway.\" \"Captain?\" Scarf asked as he hurried outside. \"Captain...!\" \"Ah, there you coves are!\" the captain exclaimed when his crew caught up to him. \"We've got lots to do in the morning! I want half of you grinding up some fish and half of you cleaning up that old squid tank. There's got to be a shark or two around here, don't you think?\" \"Sir, you don't have your wits about you,\" the Pirate With A Scarf said. \"Let me go back and tell them it was only a joke — \" \"Don't want to lie to them, now do we? Of course we'll win. Shark! First thing tomorrow!\" The others stared at him with open mouths as he turned his back on them and began making his way down the dock. The Pirate With A Scarf sighed as he followed him. \"Maybe he'll forget about it...\"[Chapter 2] DISCLAIMER: If you recognize it, I don't own it. \"Sighting off the port side, sir!\" the Pirate With A Scarf called out, looking through his spyglass at a blue fin cutting through the water on its way past the boat. \"It's moving to the stern!\" The Pirate Captain looked up from the map he was examining. \"About time. Put out the bait!\" Several barrels of chum were rolled to the edge of the deck, pried open and tossed overboard. The chunky, blood-covered mess seeped into the water, and the stench was picked up by the wind and drifted out in all directions. Convening at the stern, the crew watched as the fin turned around and headed towards them. \"Is the tank ready?\" the captain asked. YES. \"Then what are we waiting for? Come on!\" As the fin began to circle the boat, the crew unfurled a large fishing net that they filled with more chum and gently lowered into the water. The shark slowed down as it came around once more and approached the trap, but it seemed to forget any danger when the smell of the fish reached its nostrils. It barreled forward, only to stop with a jerk as it tangled itself in the mesh. The captain's face lit up. \"Pull!\" Each pirate grabbed one of the ropes tied to the corners of the net, and they slowly but surely hauled it out of the water. With it came a large blue shark, thrashing around and gnashing its rows of teeth angrily. \"Perfect!\" the captain exclaimed. \"Easy now, get it over to the tank and — \" \"HELP!\" One end of the net sagged as Jenny's rope broke from her loose grip and ran through her fingers. While she scrambled to reclaim it, the shark intensified its struggle and began to slip back towards the water. \"It's alright!\" Scarf yelled to her, trying to conceal the panic in his tone. \"Just try and get hold of it!\" \"I can't...!\" She stumbled and let the rope fly from her hands altogether, only for a pair of teeth to latch onto it. Shoving her out of the way, Marvin braced himself and tugged the falling side of the net back into position. The shark tried to launch itself at the pirates as they pulled it up on deck, but it just got more tied up in the rope. The Pirate Who Likes Sunsets and Kittens picked it up and tossed it into the tank, where it floated to the bottom and glared at its captors with the most evil eye it could muster. \"Good job, boy!\" the captain exclaimed as he caught his breath. \"Extra hardtack for you tonight. Now that wasn't so bad, was it?\" he asked his friends. Most of the crew was slowly backing away from the tank. Jenny was still sitting on the deck, pale and shivering. They watched as she struggled to her feet and fled into the hold. \"Captain?\" Scarf said. \"May I suggest you let them take an hour or two off?\" \"My thoughts exactly. You all heard him; an hour off!\" While most of the crew disappeared beneath the deck, Scarf stayed behind and looked at the shark tank. \"We ought to move this. If he gets out, he'll just fall back into the ocean.\" \"We'll handle that after the meeting.\" \"What meeting?\" \"We're through with step one, but now we've got to think about step two!\" the captain declared, showing his first mate a map of the world. He had drawn a line across the Atlantic, into the Mediterranean, past Istanbul and up to Romania. \"There's plenty of Draculas over there, right?\" \"That's rather out of our way, sir. It'd be a long trip.\" \"Yes, I suppose so? Do you think some of them emigrated? Maybe there are records around. They might even say if one of them ever fought a shark! Oh, but then we'd have gone to all that trouble for nothing...\" While the captain rambled on, he failed to notice the piece of newspaper that was floating along the wind and up to the boat. Scarf tried to catch it, but it evaded his grasp and smacked the captain right in the face. \"Poseidon's cuticle...!\" \"I'm sorry, I tried to — \" \"Don't worry, I've got it,\" he said, peeling the paper off his face. As he began to crumple it up, he saw something printed on the page that made him stop. \"Number Two?\" he said, staring intently at his find. \"Set the table up and tell the others I'll be speaking to them in half an hour.\" A grin spread across his face as he abruptly hurried off to his cabin. \"What are you doing?\" \"I've got to chart a new course!\" He slammed the door shut and opened it again a moment later. \"Oh, and get some disguises together. Fancy ones!\" It was half an hour after the time of the meeting before the captain strolled into the hold with a rolled-up canvas under his arm. He set it aside before pulling the newspaper out of his beard and tossing it onto the table. \"First things first, I want you all to have a good look at the bit I've circled.\" DRACULA ARRIVES Observers reported that the esteemed Count Vlad Dracula of Wallachia made his arrival in New Orleans yesterday with no fanfare. He is known to have purchased 1140 Royal Street for his use a month ago, and he will be living there with his three sisters and servant R.M. Renfield. The Count and his retinue are expected to make their first appearance at the opera this Saturday. \"And to think that it just blew in and hit me in the face! Now I know what you're all thinking — it's no good if we don't have a plan for getting close to this Dracula, right? Quite right! Which is why I've got it all figured out.\" Picking up the canvas, he hung it from the ceiling and unfurled it to reveal a series of doodles. \"First we go to this opera...\" A picture of the ship sailing up to a large, palatial structure labeled OPERA. \"...Then we find Dracula...\" The stick figure pirates encountered a stick figure in a cape. \"...And when the time is right, we grab him!\" The stick figures carried their prisoner back to the boat. \"That's when we pit him against the shark and see what happens...\" The caped stick figure and a shark were flung at each other. \"...Then we go tell Bellamy all about it and win the bet!\" The captain stood over a moping Bellamy while he himself was surrounded by gold and jewels. \"So what do you think?\" His crew members stared at him with wide eyes and slack jaws. Mr. Bobo was the first to respond: HONESTLY? \"Of course! It's foolproof!\" \"Are you sure looking for some records wouldn't be a better idea?\" Scarf said. \"This will be quicker — \" \"Sir, it could get you hanged,\" the first mate continued, standing up. \"It's not worth putting yourself in that kind of danger just to get the better of Bellamy.\" The captain, seemingly unsurprised by what he had said, motioned for him to sit down once more. \"There's two reason why I'm doing this,\" he told his crew. \"First and foremost being that I know I'm right. But that's not important at the moment! What's important is that I know I can prove that I'm right, because I've got all of you! Why, this'll just be a stroll along the dock for us! If I thought it would harm you, I wouldn't be trying it. Does that make you feel better?\" They nodded. It was a slow, somewhat forced nod, but they still nodded. \"Good! Now there's a strong wind headed north, and we'll get there just in time if we can catch it. Off we go!\" The anchor was raised, the sails were unfurled, the wind was caught and the ship was propelled forward while a cloud of uneasiness hung over its crew the whole time. ...Eh.[Chapter 3] DISCLAIMER: If you recognize it, I don't own it. The ocean soon narrowed into a wide river, and the river twisted and turned into the land until it carried the Pirate Ship around a turn and showed them their destination. \"Harbor incoming!\" the Pirate With Gout yelled when he saw it. \"Just park wherever there's a spot!\" the captain yelled back from his cabin. \"But you always park.\" \"Well, I'm busy today.\" The boat slid up between two paddle steamers, and the crew dropped the anchor, lowered the gangplank and wandered into the bustling city. Square houses of pink, blue, yellow and green were packed together in neat blocks along crisscrossing cobblestone streets. The long wrought iron balconies with their elegant curls wound their way around each one. From the open shutters flowed laughter, singing, jaunty melodies and a feast of smells from strange foods that ranged from sweet to spicy to whatever else could be thought of. A tall white cathedral stood in the square watching over it all, and on a particularly crowded street stood the largest building of all, a bright rectangle covered in glowing windows and lined with pillars. \"That,\" said the captain as he pointed at it, \"is where we need to go.\" \"Captain, I can't really see why this is necessary,\" the Pirate With A Scarf said as he tried not to trip over the skirt of his frilly pink dress. \"We need to look like we're in pairs. Much more convincing that way. If Pirate Who Likes Sunsets And Kittens can pull it off, then so can you.\" Raising his opera glasses to his eyes, the Pirate Captain stumbled his way through the crowd as he scouted the auditorium for an empty box. \"I think I've got a defective pair.\" \"You don't use them until the show starts,\" Jenny told him. \"That was my second guess, you know,\" he answered, trying not to look sheepish as he lowered the glasses. \"Ah, much better. I think I see one!\" He was staring at a little box tucked away in a corner of the auditorium, unnoticed by the rest of the opera-goers. Pushing out a path to their target, they all squeezed inside. Their view of the stage was only slightly more than a profile, but every other seat and box sat unobstructed from their eyes. \"Perfect!\" the captain laughed, donning his glasses once more and began scanning the audience. \"That fellow's got to be around here somewhere...oh, now what's going on?\" he exclaimed as the lights abruptly dimmed and the musicians in the orchestra began to tune their instruments. \"They're starting the show, sir,\" said Scarf. \"Already?\" This evening was moving more quickly than he'd thought. Time for extra measures. \"I want you all to split up,\" he whispered to his crew. \"We'll find him much sooner that way. If you think you've found him, come back and tell me. Now off with you!\" They slipped away into the darkness, his first mate pausing for a moment before following the others. The captain sat back and continued to search with his glasses, unaware of the thin figure lurking behind him. Jenny leaned against a wall and sighed while the audience hurried around her, reveling in the brief solace of intermission. \"Any of you find something?\" The pirates all shook their heads. \"I don't understand it,\" said Albino Pirate. \"Why does the silly old flute get to be magic? What's wrong with an accordion? And why is there a bird man?\" \"It'll all make sense when yer old enough to have a few drinks beforehand, lad,\" the Pirate With Gout told him. \"No one really watches them anyway,\" said Jenny. \"I'm going outside for a bit.\" She stepped out of the auditorium into the hall, stretching her arms and yawning. It wasn't a terrible night, really. At least it reminded her of going places with — \"Jennifer!\" Jenny nearly fell over as a swiftly moving form with a green dress and curly red hair dashed up and enveloped her in its arms. \"Lucy?\" The girl nodded enthusiastically as she released Jenny from her tight grasp and looked her over. \"I didn't know you were coming here! You should have written.\" \"I didn't expect to see you here, either! How long has it been, two years?\" \"Three! Still bad about keeping time, are you?\" \"I can tell you're still bad about manners!\" Ten minutes later, the pirates found them sitting on a bench together and deep in discussion about each others' siblings. \"Jenny?\" said Albino Pirate. \"I think they're about to start again — oh, hello.\" Lucy looked up. \"Your beau's calling you,\" she said to Jenny. \"Oh, no! These are my friends I was telling you about.\" She turned to the pirates. \"Lucy Westenra. We went to school together.\" \"A pleasure to meet you,\" Lucy said as she stood and curtseyed. \"Pleasure's all ours. Everyone's going back to their seats,\" Scarf added to Jenny as the lights dimmed in the auditorium. \"We should probably start looking again.\" \"Do we have to?\" asked Albino Pirate. \"I'm afraid so,\" the first mate answered while trying not to look like he agreed with the boy. \"We'll look at the boxes again.\" \"We've looked at 'em all twice,\" said Emma. \"Are you trying to find Count Dracula?\" Lucy asked. \"It seems everyone is. I've had dozens of people ask me about him already.\" \"Do you know him?\" Jenny asked. Lucy blushed as she looked at the floor. \"The wedding's going to be just after Easter.\" Jenny gasped. \"Really? That's wonderful!\" \"Come on, I'll introduce you all to him!\" Grabbing Jenny's hand, Lucy led the group back into the auditorium and pointed to a box just above the stage. \"That's where we're sitting.\" Scarf squinted. \"I don't think he's there.\" Three young, dark-haired women were visible, as well as a balding older man, but no one who looked like a count. \"That's odd,\" said Lucy. \"I thought he'd be back by now...\" Their thoughts were drowned out as the music blared up from the orchestra pit again. \"Oh, I have to be getting back!\" Lucy exclaimed. \"Perhaps I'll see you again later!\" She scampered away, and it was time for another hour of bird people and strange singing. \"Are you sure you don't want to stay with me?\" Lucy asked the group as they stood on the steps of the opera house later that night, waiting for her carriage to arrive. \"No, we've got a place,\" Jenny answered. \"We're just waiting for someone.\" As if on cue, the captain stepped through the front door. \"Wonderful to meet you, too!\" he called out to someone still inside before marching down the steps to his crew. \"Already set to go, aren't you good.\" \"Did you find anything, sir?\" Scarf asked. \"Afraid not. I got distracted, actually. Ran into this fellow who said he hadn't the faintest idea what was happening onstage either, then one thing led to another and we were talking all evening! Charming man, wish I'd caught his name. Perhaps you saw him. Tall, black hair, very pale...\" \"So that's where Vlad's been!\" Lucy exclaimed. The captain shut his mouth, and even in the dim light, his first mate could tell that his face was slowly turning red. \"You know,\" Lucy continued, \"I've got a wonderful idea! We're having our engagement party tomorrow evening. You ought to come!\" \"Well, I don't know if we can — \" \"Don't be silly, Number Two. Of course we'll be there!\" \"But — \" \"Perfect! It starts at seven. I'll go tell Vlad!\" Lucy hugged Jenny one last time before running back into the opera house. \"...We'll try, at least!\" Scarf shouted after her. \"We won't try,\" said the captain. \"We will.\" Hooray, the bloodbags are arriving! I mean, the characters. A quick notice; I'm going to be starting school tomorrow, so updates might get pretty sparse. Also, I have a Tumblr now. I go by the name of mortthepirategirl. Look me up if you're interested. :) ~ A. Kingsleigh[Chapter 4] DISCLAIMER: If you recognize it, I don't own it. 1140 Royal Street stuck out from the houses surrounding it like a pirate who was missing a nose and had nothing with which to cover up the hole. It was a story higher than the rest of the buildings for at least a mile around, and it was painted a dark gray. Not a curtain was open, and no one answered the heavy oak door when the guests began to arrive. It was as though the place was not inhabited at all. Promptly at seven, however, the door swung inwards to reveal the butler, an older gentlemen, who hurried them inside. \"Welcome,\" he said feverishly to each one. \"The master has been expecting you.\" Paintings of stern men and women in medieval garb lined the foyer, all looking to the end of the hall. Two stairways and a landing led to the upper floors, and beneath the landing was a set of double doors. The butler opened these, and the guests stepped into a grand ballroom. Black and white marble covered the floor in square tiles. The walls were deep red, and a tapestry of a peaceful nighttime valley watched over by a stone castle hung over the doors. Flames crackled and sparked in a marble fireplace. From the ceiling hung a crystal chandelier that glittered in the light cast by the round electric lamps on each wall. \"Isn't it wonderful?\" Jenny exclaimed, gasping at the sight. \"Oh, yes!\" said several of the pirates, whose eyes were fixed on the buffet table in the corner. \"Save a bit for the others, lads!\" the captain called after them as they ran off. \"Chuck, Emma, go watch them. Jenny, go scope this place out. Number Two, come with me.\" He approached the butler, who was standing in front of the doors. \"Excuse me. We're looking for the host.\" The butler's head whipped around to stare unblinkingly at them. \"What does the guest wish to see the master for?\" \"I met him last night. He'll recognize me.\" \"Then Renfield shall take the guest to see the master.\" \"Ah, perfect. So where is this Renfield fellow?\" The man gestured to himself. \"Follow Renfield to see the master.\" \"...Oh. Alright, then.\" Renfield fixed his glazed eyes on the Pirate With A Scarf. \"Only one guest at a time may see the master. This guest will stay behind.\" \"Why's that?\" the captain asked. \"It is the master's rule.\" \"Are you okay with that, Number Two?\" \"I suppose...\" \"We don't want to offend the count.\" \"Indeed the guests do not,\" said Renfield. \"Now follow Renfield.\" He shot Scarf a victorious smirk before leading the captain away. As they left, Scarf found himself wishing very hard for something unpleasant to happen to Mr. Renfield — preferably administered by himself. \"Found something you all like?\" Emma asked the boys as she watched them try tiny nuggets of delicate, juicy white meat. \"It's a very unusual taste,\" Charles answered. \"What is this, anyway?\" ALLIGATOR. Charles froze before slowly handing the piece he had been holding to Pirate With Gout, who eagerly swallowed it. \"Do not act so surprised,\" a female voice behind them said. \"At times it can seem as though there is no limit to what humans will consume.\" It was the three women from the opera, who were all staring intently at them and wearing red dresses with very low necklines. \"They say our ancestors drank blood,\" one of them said. \"That it helped them win battles and conquer kingdoms.\" \"I presume you're the count's sisters?\" Emma asked, holding out a hand for them to shake. The trio brushed past her and began to circle around the men. \"Miss Westenra told us of you,\" the first one said. \"Her words do you hardly any justice.\" \"I'm sure she only said nice things,\" answered Albino Pirate, oblivious to their advances. \"We have not yet found worthy dancing partners,\" said the second sister as the musicians arrived and struck up a waltz. \"Might you know of any?\" \"Yer not gonna find one here,\" Pirate With Gout said, gesturing to his bandaged foot. The third sister descended on Charles. \"A handsome man such as yourself should not deprive the ladies of your company.\" \"I-I'm really not very interesting or — \" \"You are far too humble,\" she said, linking arms with him and all but dragging him towards the dance floor. \"I suppose there's time for at least one,\" Charles said. He flashed a quick grin at Emma, who glared at the scene before her and rolled her eyes. \"He's going to make a scene of himself an' blow our cover. Or somethin' like that.\" The other two sisters exchanged looks and laughed to themselves as they flounced off, still in search of their own prey. Jenny swayed in place as the waltz played on, staring longingly out at the dance floor. Maybe if she could convince the captain that it was to get a better look at their surroundings and if she had someone to dance with... \"May I?\" The smooth voice got her attention, and she turned to find a man standing next to her. He was young, no more than twenty, but his eyes seemed much older. They were a light gold, almost like butterscotch, and they were almost sparkling as he gazed at her. His skin was a creamy pale, every strand of his auburn hair was slicked back perfectly, and the corner of his mouth was slightly curled up in what could have been either a smile or a smirk. \"Would you like to dance, miss?\" he asked, apparently thinking he had not been understood. \"...Yes,\" she answered. \"I'd like that very much.\" He took her hand and led her onto the dance floor. \"I've been watching you all night,\" he whispered as he placed his other hand on her hip and began to move her around. \"You looked as though you were waiting for something to happen.\" \"Very kind of you to notice,\" she whispered back. \"I haven't waltzed in a while, though.\" \"I can't tell.\" She couldn't bring herself to look away from his eyes. They were so deep, so...hypnotic. The music faded away, and she returned to reality only when her partner let her go. \"You can stop now.\" \"Oh! Sorry...\" He took her hand and gently kissed it as she blushed. \"Nothing to be ashamed of. You dance very well, Miss Winters.\" And just like that, the spell was broken. \"How do you know my name?\" \"Vlad!\" It was Lucy, running across the room to them. \"Vlad, I've been looking all over for you! We're supposed to make the announcement now, remember?\" \"Vlad...? Wait, you're Count Dracula?\" \"Perhaps I should have introduced myself.\" A hand tapped him on the back. \"Master! A guest has asked Renfield to lead him to the master! The guest is waiting for him at this very moment!\" \"You must excuse me,\" said Dracula as he shooed the women away. \"I won't be long, Lucy.\" \"But what about — \" \"I said I won't be long.\" He was gone without another word. \"...You saw all of that, didn't you?\" Jenny asked as Lucy stared at the floor, her excitement draining away. \"If I'd known — \" \"You needn't apologize,\" Lucy said softly. \"It's his way.\" After a moment, she regained her composure. \"I'd rather not talk of him right now. Come on, Jenny. I think there's still a few beignets left.\" \"So, captain,\" said Dracula as the two men stood before the fireplace, \"what do you think of all this?\" \"It's quite splendid! I think someone else would be a better judge of that, though.\" \"Their opinions are worthless to me,\" the count snapped. \"Were it not for my title, they would pay me no mind at all.\" \"Well, at least they think highly of that.\" \"If I could, I would make all the world venerate me regardless of it.\" \"Rather lofty idea, that. I mean, there's always going to be a nay-sayer somewhere.\" \"Not in my plan,\" Dracula muttered under his breath. \"But I digress. Truth be told, I only plan to stay in this city for a few months. It is my intention to learn the etiquette of society here and depart for London at the end of spring.\" \"You don't say! I've been there a few times. First things first, stay away from the queen if you can...I say, are you feeling alright?\" Dracula had doubled over, coughing and rubbing his throat. \"We shall discuss this further at another time...\" \"Oh, of course. Tomorrow morning, perhaps?\" The count nodded quickly. \"Renfield!\" he wheezed, looking up. Dark circles were forming under his eyes. \"Renfield, escort the guests out!\" Renfield was at his side in a moment. \"The master has fallen ill!\" he shouted, shooing the guests towards the door. \"He bids you leave at once!\" Some of the people grumbled, but they obediently filed out into the foyer. The sisters gathered around Dracula and helped him up the stairs as Lucy and Renfield followed. \"Come on, Number Two!\" the captain called out. \"I'll be there in a moment, sir,\" Scarf answered, staring up at Dracula. He'd only seen the count once before from across the ballroom, but he was quite sure that last time, the man hadn't had pointed ears. Fun-ish Fact: 1140 Royal Street is a real place, and you can actually see it if you go to New Orleans. The interior was mostly my speculation, though. And Dracula didn't actually live there, but someone almost just as nasty did. Look the place up, if you dare and have a strong stomach. You'll need it. And on that pleasant note, I bid you farewell until next time! ~ A. Kingsleigh[Chapter 5] DISCLAIMER: If you recognize it, I don't own it. When the crew awoke the next morning, they talked only briefly of the party, and most of those words pertained to either the abrupt ending or the alligator. The Pirate With A Scarf had not forgotten the strange affair of Dracula's ears, but he could not think of any proper way to discuss it. The Pirate With Gout started to cook breakfast, a spot was found in the hold wall that needed patching and it wasn't long before all strange thoughts were pushed to the back of the pirates' minds. It was probably just some trick of the light, Scarf told himself as they were putting away the plates. He had to keep a clear head about this; the man was already sufficiently unsettling, and seeing the captain close to him only made it worse. At least they were rid of him for the moment — Eeee, eeee, eeee. Two sets of unfamiliar footsteps were creaking along the deck, heading for the captain's cabin. They all briefly froze before Scarf gripped the handle of the frying pan he was holding and crept towards the ladder. Pushing open the hatch as quietly as possible, he poked his head out. Nothing in front of the cabin door. Then where, he wondered as he looked around, were those sounds coming from? The answer was polite enough to present itself less than an inch from his face. Scarf screamed as he found Renfield staring at him, lost his grip on the ladder rungs and tumbled down to the floor, accidentally smacking himself in the face with the pan. Renfield was unconcerned. \"The servant of the master's friend should not be so easily frightened.\" \"What are you doing here?\" Scarf demanded as he struggled to his feet and climbed up once more while his friends followed him. \"Renfield and the master have come to see the master's friend,\" Renfield answered, pointing behind him. There stood Dracula, sipping from a gold flask with an air of disinterest and discomfort. His ears were back to normal, but now he was wearing a large, round pair of dark spectacles and standing beneath a black umbrella. \"Doesn't look like it's going to rain today,\" Emma remarked when she saw it. \"The sunlight and my skin do not agree with one another.\" The group turned at the sound of the cabin door opening. \"Ah, there you are! Do come in. Shall I put some tea on?\" \"That shall not be required,\" Dracula answered, giving the captain a smile which came out looking like a grimace. \"Perhaps you would enjoy some of the wine I have brought...\" He swept past the captain, who shut the cabin door behind them both. The rest of the crew watched to see if Renfield would follow, but he simply stood in front of the door and stared back at them. Just try and get past me, his bloodshot eyes seemed to be saying. \"C-Can we go back to the hold?\" Albino Pirate asked. \"I've got a better idea,\" said Scarf. Shooting one last dark look at Renfield, he started off down the gangplank. \"Follow me.\" \"Where are we going?\" \"Just follow me.\" They hesitated for a moment, but soon joined him all the same. \"Do you have any idea of where we're going?\" Charles asked once they were on the docks and heading into town. \"Someplace where they can't hear us talk.\" \"That's impossible!\" \"I know what I saw, Charles,\" Scarf said, looking around the tavern to make sure no one was listening to them. \"I don't know how I saw it, but I did.\" \"I thought you didn't need any more reasons to dislike him,\" said Jenny. \"Believe me, I don't.\" Leaning forward, he lowered his voice. \"Even if it wasn't real, there's still something not right about him and that Renfield fellow. Did you see him blink once this morning?\" \"That's not all he don't do!\" a gravelly voice shouted as a dirty fist slammed onto the crew's table. Both belonged to an old man with a wooden ball in one eye socket and several missing teeth. \"He don't think usin' his own mind. Them demons got 'im good.\" \"...Demons?\" \"That's why he helped 'em get a spot on that boat. Don't you know about that boat?\" The Pirate With Gout perked up at the possibility of hearing a morbid sea tale, and that was enough incentive to begin. \"Was a fortnight back,\" he said, pulling up a chair and sitting down. \"This old boat come floating into the harbor. Sailed off from somewhere called Varna, they said. It was floating 'cuz there weren't a crew. Just four coffins an' the captain's book. \"So they read the book, an' it says there was fourteen men in the crew. The coffins was just cargo, full o' dirt when they got checked. Shoulda been checked better, 'cuz the crew started comin' down with something right quick. Book called it plague, said they got all pale an' had holes on their necks like skeeter bites. Killed 'em just as fast as skeeters, too. Three weeks in, the captain an' first mate were the only ones left. Captain said he could feel somethin' on the boat, all dark an' evil. Said he was going to look at the coffins, an' he didn't write no more after that. \"Then the people go an' open the coffins right on the dock. Dirt's there, alright, 'long with a bunch of black rats that go scurryin' into town. Day after that? Count says he's here.\" By now, the rest of the tavern-goers had stopped their activities to watch him with bemusement. \"I seen 'em at night,\" he continued, paying no attention to their snickers. \"Tryin' to feed. Don't have to worry 'bout how they look when no one's gonna see 'em.\" \"What's that supposed to mean?\" Charles asked disdainfully. \"Just don't go walkin' in the dark. They'll snatch you up an' drag you off to Hell, they will!\" At this, the tavern-goers burst into mocking laughter. While the man proceeded to angrily redirect his chatter at them, the pirates slipped back outside and started towards the docks once more. Perhaps, they hoped, the morning was now content to let the remainder of its time pass in peace. It was not. \"Captain!\" Scarf called out as he led the group up the gangplank. \"Captain, we're back!\" Renfield was gone, which gave him a bit of comfort. The captain did not answer, which took it right back again. He knocked on the cabin door, and opened it when he didn't hear anything. \"Captain...?\" The captain and Dracula were gone. On the desk sat a short scribble of a note, its ink still wet. WILL BE BACK SOON. Very reassuring, sir. \"Look!\" said Albino Pirate. \"They forgot this.\" He had spotted Dracula's flask lying on the floor and picked it up. \"I'll see to it,\" Scarf said. He took the container, its contents sloshing about. \"Stay here in case they come back.\" Stepping back outside, he stopped in the hold to grab a knife before heading off to Royal Street. He was taking a shortcut through an alleyway when he smelled it. A strong, bitter odor of salt and rust that made him shudder. He'd only bled once, but that was enough to remember it. Where was it coming from, though? Had he cut himself? No, he would've noticed by now. Was something in the alley making it? There was nothing around but the fading paw prints of a cat. Then he finally looked down at the flask. A dry, dark crust of something was on the neck, just under the cap. His fingers trembled as he began to unscrew it — \"Master's life!\" One of Renfield's claw-like hands grabbed his shoulder and spun him around, and the other snatched the flask from his hand. \"You have stolen the master's life!\" he snarled in Scarf's face. \"I-I was bringing it back! He left it at the boat.\" Renfield stared at him for an agonizingly long moment before tucking the flask in his coat. \"Renfield has a message for the servant of the master's friend,\" he said. \"The master and the master's friend will not be disturbed by him. Not if he values his life.\" Sweeping back into the street, he turned a corner and disappeared. \"What happened to you?\" the pirates asked when Scarf returned. The color had gone from his face, beads of sweat were dripping down his face and he was trembling all over. \"We need to get the captain out of here.\" Poor, poor Scarf. He thinks he can end this story early. I almost feel sorry for him. ~ A. Kingsleigh[Chapter 6] DISCLAIMER: If you recognize it, I don't own it. \"And why do you want us to do that?\" \"Captain, we don't think it's safe here,\" the Pirate With A Scarf said, putting a hand on the captain's shoulder. \"Especially where you're concerned. The count is...he's not what he looks like, I'm quite sure of that.\" \"He's simply got a different way of doing things, that's all.\" There was no arguing with that. \"Still, I think we ought to move a little more quickly,\" said the first mate. \"You don't want us to lose to Bellamy.\" \"Of course we won't! Is that what you're worried about?\" \"...Yes.\" \"I'll make sure we're through by the end of the week, then. How does that sound?\" \"Thank you, sir,\" Scarf answered. \"Thank you very much.\" Outside the cabin door, the listening crew breathed a deep sigh of relief. \"Tell you what,\" the captain said as he walked to the door, \"I'll bring him down here for the test right now!\" \"It's rather late, sir. Best save it for morning. We'll need time to get ready, you know.\" \"A fine thought! That's what you're best at, you know.\" He flung the cabin door open, smacking Charles in the face. \"Early to bed tonight! We've got a big day ahead of us!\" \"Get some rest yourself,\" Scarf told him as the others hurried off. \"You look tired.\" Even from several feet away, he could see faint red lines in the captain's eyes and dark circles beneath them. He shrugged. \"If you say so.\" Scarf wondered at this for a moment, but it was swiftly chased from his mind by the sound of Jenny screaming about a weevil nest. Thirty minutes and one destructive chase around the hold later, whatever remaining energy they had possessed was sapped. Flopping into their hammocks without complaint, they were soon sleeping soundly. So soundly, in fact, that they failed to notice the creak of the boards as their captain walked across the deck and opened the hatch. \"Hello?\" Jenny called out. She thought it was her calling out, at least — it was her voice and her word, but she couldn't feel herself speaking it. As she pushed her way through the inky haze that enveloped, lines gradually faded into being. They became shapes, and the shapes became structures. They arranged themselves into a labyrinth of narrow stone paths lined with tall gravestones. \"Is anyone here?\" s he said. \"...Only us...\" A gloved hand reached from the shadows and grasped Jenny's. She gasped and jerked away, but stepped back again when the figure revealed itself. It was Lucy, with a white dress and a vacant expression. \"Only us,\" she repeated in a monotone. \"Are you alright?\" Jenny asked, waving a hand before her face. \"You're not sleepwalking again, are you?\" Lucy blinked once and slowly turned her head towards her. Her eyes lit up, and Jenny saw that they were blood red. \"No one to hear you,\" she said, giggling as the corners of her mouth lifted up into a grin of grotesque delight. Her front teeth had sharpened into fangs. In the blink of an eye, she had pounced. Jenny screamed in pain and horror as the little blades pierced her neck. She pushed the Lucy-like creature off her and tried to run, only to slam into a tombstone that rose up from the ground to block her path. Atop it sat a stone bat with wings spread, mouth open and glowing red gems for eyes. \"This,\" it said to her as she grew dizzy, \"is the fate that befalls any human daring to defy me.\" Jenny's eyes snapped open, and her hand instantly flew to her neck. Nothing but sweat. She was in her hammock, lying on her side, and the pirates were still dozing all around her. Moonlight streamed in from the open hatch, and there wasn't a sound to be heard. Sighing in a way that sounded more like a shudder, she turned onto her back and stared at the ceiling. Or would have, had she failed to notice the bat staring at her. \"AAAHHH! Kill it! Kill it!\" The pirates were roused in a second, but that wasn't quick enough to stop the animal. Jenny watched as it flew to the hatch and stared back at her before dissolving into dark mist that floated outside. Jumping from her hammock, she raced up the ladder after it. \"You're not getting away!\" she yelled as she climbed up on deck, but there was nothing to yell at. \"What isn't getting away?\" the captain said, emerged from his cabin and rubbing his eyes. \"Did you leave the hatch open, Number Two?\" \"You know I never do!\" Scarf protested as he stepped onto the deck. \"Jenny, did you do anything? We're not mad, we're just...where are you going now?\" \"Oh no,\" Jenny murmured. Dropping the gangplank, she ran onto the dock and towards a prone figure on the cobblestones. \"No no no no no...\" Lying on the ground was Lucy. The hem of her nightgown and her slippers were covered in dirt, her skin was pale, her breathing was shallow. Two small trails of blood were flowing down her neck and forming a puddle on the rocks. Her eyes partially opened at the sound of Jenny's voice. \"...Jennifer...?\" \"I'm right here,\" Jenny said, kneeling beside her and ripping off a bit of her dress to stop the bleeding. \"It's going to be alright.\" \"He has...he has such red eyes, Jennifer...\" \"Let's not talk of it. Aren't you coming?\" she shouted back at the pirates. \"What happened?\" the captain asked as he led the others towards them. \"She's bleeding out of her neck. We've got to get her onto the ship.\" The captain looked confused, but the Pirate Who Likes Sunsets And Kittens lifted her up as the other went ahead to get a hammock ready. Jenny followed them, shivering in the night air. Above their heads, a bat looked down on them with a scowl before flying off to Royal Street. \"How do you know that she is too weak to be moved?\" \"She's still in shock,\" Charles told Dracula, \"and she's lost quite a bit of blood from that neck wound. Putting her in a carriage might make it worse.\" \"What do plan to do with her, then?\" the count snapped. \"I thought we could keep her here for a few days, let her improve — \" \"Absolutely not! I wish to know her condition at all times. Captain, I trust you shall let good sense prevail?\" The captain paused, looking from Dracula to the hammock where Lucy lay and back. \"Er...I'm with Chuck on this one, actually.\" Dracula rolled his eyes. \"Very well. But when she improves, I wish to be notified at once.\" Putting his spectacles back on, he climbed out of the hold and left without another word. \"Did you hear that, Lucy?\" Jenny asked, tending to her neck. \"You'll be well again in no time.\" Lucy didn't answer. She only stared fearfully at the space where Dracula had been and fingered the two small holes in her neck. I meant to get this up sooner, but I've been so distracted lately. Too many plot bunnies. Down, boys! Down! ~ A. Kingsleigh[Chapter 7] DISCLAIMER: If you recognize it, I don't own it. \"Polly, don't poke at those,\" Albino Pirate said as he lifted the dodo away from Lucy's neck. \"You don't want to stop those marks from healing up nicely, do you?\" The two little wounds had closed up into small lumps within a day, but that was the only improvement there seemed to be. The girl was still paler than normal, and she hadn't said a coherent word to any of the pirates. \"Could you two move for a moment?\" Charles told the boy as he climbed down into the hold. \"I need to check something.\" Picking up Lucy's arm, he gently pressed her wrist. \"I thought so...\" \"Is something wrong?\" \"Yes, I think so. You need to call the others in here.\" They both jumped as Jenny came barreling in through the door. \"She's dying, isn't she? I've been suspecting it!\" \"I didn't say that!\" Charles answered, trying to shush her. \"But her pulse is slowing down. She hasn't got enough blood. We need to act quickly.\" \"What can we do?\" He seemed hesitant to answer. \"...A transfusion.\" \"A what?\" Jenny and Albino Pirate asked. \"Getting some blood into her,\" Charles explained. \"You've got to draw it out of someone else and put it in the person who needs it. I-It'll have to be one of us, I think — \" \"I'll do it,\" said Jenny. Charles and Albino Pirate stared at her. \"Really?\" \"It's more useful than just sitting next to her all day.\" \"Far more dangerous, too.\" \"Try something safer, then.\" \"There isn't — \" \"I didn't think so.\" Charles sighed. \"It's going to be rather complicated. And painful.\" \"How?\" \"We'll have to find some needles...\" The syringe was quite long and getting a bit dull at the end. The pirates had managed to sharpen it and clean off the rust, but that did nothing to make it appear less menacing. Attached to it was a length of thin rubber pipe that ran through a small metal pump and into another, equally menacing syringe. This one had been pushed into the side of Lucy's arm, and the other was in Charles's hand. Jenny gripped the arms of her chair a little tighter. \"Have you done this before?\" \"I've watched...for the most part...\" \"Well, there's a first time for everything, you know!\" the captain said, clapping him on the back. \"Go on.\" \"...Yes, well, there's going to be a bit of a pinch for a minute or so. You can't move or you'll push it around.\" Albino Pirate patted Jenny's hand, which was now turning white. \"It could be worse. A cannon would blow a much bigger hole in you!\" \"Thank you...\" \"Ready?\" Charles asked. Jenny shut her eyes and grabbed Albino Pirate's hand. \"Ready.\" She felt the needle go into her upper arm, creating an uncomfortable sensation of pressing and stinging that centered in a single spot and burned. Albino Pirate yelped as her grip began to cut off his circulation. \"Don't fret, you're doing well!\" Charles told her. Picking up the pump, he began to gently pull it back and forth. The burning grew stronger, and the pipe began to twist around as Jenny's blood was sucked inside. It flowed across to the other pipe and down into Lucy's veins. \"Is it working?\" Jenny asked, her eyes opening ever so slightly. \"I can't tell yet...wait, she's moving a little!\" Charles stopped pumping, and the burning subsided to a dull throb. When she felt the needle slide out of her skin, Jenny opened her eyes and let out the breath she had been holding. \"Lucy? Lucy, are you awake?\" Color was already returning to the girl's cheeks. Her head turned towards the sound of Jenny's voice as her hand twitched and tried to lift. Jenny took it in hers and lightly squeezed it. \"I did say you were going to be fine, didn't I?\" The others began congratulating Charles, who simply stared at the transfusion apparatus in surprise. \"Can you believe it actually worked?\" \"Captain?\" Scarf called out as he knocked on the cabin door. No answer. Perfect. Turning the hand as quietly as possible, he slowly swung the door open and stepped inside. The captain was gone, but he had left Polly sleeping on her perch. She woke up as Scarf crept past her and stared at him, her head cocked in curiosity and confusion. \"No need to fret, girl,\" Scarf said as he stroked her feathers. \"I won't be long. Don't tell Captain I was here.\" The dodo nodded and began to settle back down, but she still kept her eyes on him as he crept to the bookshelf. Scarf ran his fingers along the colorful spines of the volumes. The captain had often spoke about getting rid of the one he was looking for...wait, was this it? He pulled out a thing black book that was covered in dust and tucked away in a corner of the shelf. Sitting down at the desk with it, he began flipping through the fragile pages. Mermaids, sea monsters, were-rabbits...here they were! Any weaknesses? ...Yes, that ought to be quite doable. It didn't take long for the smell to waft up from the hold to the deck and get the rest of the crew's attention. Down the ladder they came, covering their noses and demanding to know what in Neptune's name Scarf was up to. The first mate looked up from the book with an innocent smile. \"Just trying to help out.\" Hanging around Lucy's neck and above her hammock were garlands of garlic flowers in bloom. Lucy was awake and holding one in her hand. \"You don't like them?\" she said as she sniffed it. \"I think they're rather comforting.\" The captain stared at her, perplexed. \"Er...how is that supposed to help, exactly?\" \"Medicinal properties,\" the first mate answered. \"Supposed to be soothing.\" The captain noticed Charles raising a single eyebrow at this. \"Did you tell him to do that, Chuck?\" Charles looked from the flowers to Scarf to the book and back. \"Um...yes! Yes, I did.\" \"Very well,\" the captain sighed. \"But do dispose of them before the smell gets into everything. Maybe Marvin would like them. Wouldn't you, Marvin?\" Marvin approached them, took one whiff and scurried away as fast as he could. \"Keep the hatch locked,\" Scarf told the others as they prepared for bed that evening. \"Don't move the garlic.\" He was preparing to go up on deck when Jenny approached him. \"What's it really for?\" Scarf glanced towards the hold ladder before leaning closer to her. \"It'll keep Dracula away, at least if I'm right about him.\" \"How's it supposed to — \" But he put a finger to his lips and climbed outside. As he shut the hatch, he took a silver coin from his pocket and placed it on the handle. That ought to be enough. Yawning, he started towards the crow's nest. A hand grabbed his arm and pulled him back. \"Oh no you don't,\" the captain said. \"I'll stand guard tonight.\" \"That won't be necessary, sir — \" \"Nonsense! You look like you're ready to drop. Back you go!\" Scarf continued to protest as the captain pushed him into the hold and to his hammock. When he lay down, though, drowsiness began to spread over him immediately. \"What did I tell you?\" the captain said as he walked off. This time, Scarf said nothing. He was asleep within a few minutes, along with the rest of the crew. No one noticed that as he had left, the captain had not closed the door to the hold. I love cliffhangers. Don't you? :)[Chapter 8] DISCLAIMER: If you recognize it, I don't own it. \"AAAHHH!\" THWACK! \"Get away from him! Shoo! Shoo!\" The Pirate With A Scarf tried to get up and tumbled out of his hammock onto the floor. As he sat up, he caught sight of Albino Pirate curled up in the corner, trembling with fear. Jenny was awake as well, chasing a fluttering dark object around the hold while swinging a broom. \"Don't you dare...!\" \"What's going on?\" Scarf demanded as the other pirates began to wake and stare in confusion. Jenny stopped. \"I was ready for it this time,\" she replied, lifting the broom. \"It got out, though.\" \"How'd it get in?\" Charles exclaimed. Scarf looked toward the ladder leading to the deck and noticed a wide stream of moonlight coming down from above. \"Did you open the hatch, Jenny?\" \"Of course not! Why would I...\" Jenny trailed off before suddenly gasping. \"Lucy!\" She hurried to her friend, who was still lying down and staring off into space. The garlic flowers above her and around her neck were gone. \"Lucy, can you hear me?\" The girl didn't respond, even with a look. Scarf thought back to what he had been told that evening. Do dispose of them before the smell gets into everything. \"Oh, Captain...\" Getting up, he climbed to the deck and marched up to the cabin door. \"Captain!\" he called, knocking quickly and loudly. \"Captain, did you get rid of that garlic? I put it there to protect her!\" When he heard no answer, he opened the door. \"Captain, are you listening to...Captain?\" The captain was gone. Polly was standing on his desk, turning over his papers as though looking for a note. Scarf picked her up, and she squawked in protest while trying to squirm from his grip and continue the search. The others followed him up and stood in the doorway, looking at the room for a trace of their leader. \"W-Where's he gone to?\" Gout wondered aloud. \"...I think I know where,\" Scarf said at last. \"Not that you're going to be pleased with it.\" He set Polly down and led them all back into the hold. \"Jenny, I want you to stay here. Keep Lucy calm if she comes to. You know how to use a sword, right?\" \"More or less...\" \"If something comes, keep it at bay. We'll try to be back within the hour.\" He then passed out weapons to the others. \"Everyone else comes with me.\" They nodded, except for Charles. \"Why do need weapons if we're going into town?\" he asked. \"There's a chance we'll need them where we're going.\" Realization flickered across Charles's face. \"Oh.\" He picked up a sword and followed the first mate as he led them down the gangplank and into the night. No sign of life was to be seen in 1140 Royal Street. All the curtains were drawn, and not a single light shown through them. The pirates tried the windows on the first floor, but they were all locked. \"You think there's a back door?\" Scarf asked. \"Maybe they leave the cellar unlocked — \" A shrill whistle coming from the front steps got their attention. Mr. Bobo was hanging from one of the doorknobs. He turned it with one paw, pushed on the door with the other, and it swung open. \"...Or they did that,\" the first mate finished. Drawing their swords, the pirates crept inside and stood in the foyer, scanning the darkness for anything that might appear. However, the only movement came from the light of a flickering candle that shone from beneath the ballroom doors. These were unlocked as well, and the pirates pushed them open just wide enough to peek through. At the other end of the room, next to the fireplace, stood a figure cloaked in shadow. They had set the candle on the floor and was running their hands along the tiles. As they pressed down on one, the fireplace shuddered and rotated to expose a narrow tunnel sloping downwards. Picking up their candle, the stranger walked down the corridor. The sputtering light grew dimmer and abruptly went out. The pirates pushed the doors open and rushed across the room as they heard the tile click back into place. \"Hurry!\" Scarf said. They slipped through the opening as it clamped shut behind them. \"Now we can hope they leave the cellar unlocked,\" said Emma. They felt their way along the tunnel, which opened into a brick basement with a low ceiling. As their eyes adjusted, they noticed tall shelves full of wine bottles and stacks of rectangular boxes placed all around the room. At the other end, the double doors leading outside were propped slightly open with a rock. \"Captain?\" Scarf whispered. \"Are you in here?\" \"Help!\" Albino Pirate shouted abruptly. \"Something's got my shoulder!\" He jumped, collided with a shelf and knocked a bottle onto the floor where it shattered. \"It was just me, lad,\" said Pirate With Gout. \"No more o' that...\" He stopped and sniffed the air. \"...Did you cut yerself?\" \"I don't think so.\" \"Someone's blood got out of 'em, then,\" the older pirate said. \"Lots of it.\" The contents of the broken bottle were beginning to spread across the floor. Kneeling down, they each dipped a finger in the liquid and smelled it. A most unusual wine...if red wine was made with salt and rust, which they doubted. \"...D-Does anyone else think those boxes look a little odd?\" Charles squeaked once they had all regained some measure of control over themselves. \"They are boxes, right?\" \"Of a sort,\" Scarf answered. Coffins. Dozens upon dozens of coffins stacked atop one another. What on earth for? Along a wall lay four of them in a line, painted gold and inlaid with jewels. Their lids sat ajar. Scarf walked towards the largest of them, sword in hand. \"Abandon ship!\" Gout exclaimed as a shadow appeared outside. \"Abandon ship...!\" They all ducked behind one of the stacks and crouched there, holding their breaths without realizing it. The door that had been propped up opened all the way, and Renfield climbed down into the cellar with his candle. He turned around, then paused and stiffened at the sight of the blood. \"The intruders must come out,\" he said, twisting his neck around. \"The intruders will live longer if the intruders come out. The intruders cannot hide from Renfield.\" Not even Albino Pirate moved a muscle. \"...Perhaps the intruders are not here?\" Renfield said to himself. \"Perhaps the intruders are hiding elsewhere in the master's house.\" He seemed frightened at the thought. \"Renfield must cleanse the master's house of intruders before the master returns!\" Taking a match from his coat, he struck it against the wall and lit the candle once more before going back up the tunnel. The pirates stumbled out of hiding as soon as the light vanished and scrambled up the ladder just as quickly. They trembled, gasped for air and thanked every deity that came to mind as they ran back into the street and started for the harbor. \"Can we never do that again?\" \"The fellow's mad! They all are!\" \"Right, so nothing new, then.\" \"What was he doing out here?\" Scarf wondered. \"I think he said something about Dracula being gone,\" Charles answered. But where would the count be at this time of night...? \"...Oh no.\" The clock on the hold shelf read half past two, and looking at it made Jenny's eyelids feel even heavier. Polly nuzzled her leg, cooing softly. Picking the bird up, Jenny stroked her feathers. She leaned her head back and was on the verge of dozing off when it happened. Eeee, eeee, eeee. Someone was on the deck, walking towards the hatch. \"Captain?\" Jenny called out. At the sound of her voice, they stopped. She waited a minute, but they didn't continue. So now I'm hearing things. Wonderful. Lucy stiffened and slowly sat up. \"No...\" Jenny was instantly at her side, patting her hand. \"It's alright, Lucy. There's nothing to be frightened of. You gave us all quite a scare, though — ow!\" Lucy had latched onto her wrist with an iron grip. \"He's coming, Jenny.\" \"Who is...?\" That was when the boards of the deck bulged, cracked and caved in. Jenny remembered everything after that all too well. Through the clouds of dust, she saw a wolf-like being standing on its hind legs staring at them with glowing red eyes. Lucy screamed as it lunged towards her. Jenny tried dragging her out of its path, only to be knocked aside by a shaggy paw. A sharp pain ran through her head as she hit the ground, and her vision spun. As it faded away, she saw the creature approach Lucy, pin her down and bend over her... \"Jenny! Miss Jenny, wake up!\" As Jenny gradually came to, she realized that Albino Pirate was shaking her. \"Lucy...where's Lucy?\" Getting back on her feet, she stumbled towards the hammock. Lucy still lay there, her neck and chest covered in blood. \"What do you mean, you can't tell where it came from?\" Scarf asked Charles as they looked over the mess. \"She doesn't have any new injuries,\" he answered, \"and it didn't come from her neck.\" He turned her head and undid what remained of the bandage — the two holes had vanished. \"Her heartbeat's far too slow, and she's barely got a pulse,\" he continued. \"Lucy!\" Jenny pushed them both aside and knelt beside the hammock. \"Lucy, can you hear me...?\" The girl's eyes opened slightly. \"...Jennifer.\" Jenny took her hand. \"Yes?\" she asked hopefully. \"Jennifer...I'm...I'm frightened...\" Her hand went limp, her eyes stared out at nothing and her heart stopped. And on that note, happy belated Talk Like A Pirate Day! :D[Chapter 9] DISCLAIMER: If you recognize it, I don't own it. It shouldn't be sunny, Jenny thought as she glared up at the cloudless sky. It looks cheerful. Lucy would have loved it. She watched as the coffin was slid into its vault and sealed inside. The other mourners gradually dispersed, most of them leaving the cemetery. There were still a few watching, but she couldn't bring herself to care; kneeling in front of the vault, she bowed her head and let her tears run silently down her face. I'm sorry... \"The master sends his condolences.\" Renfield offered a hand to help her up. She brushed it aside. \"Does he now?\" she said as she stood, glaring at him. \"The master regrets that he could not be present at the burial. The sunlight does not agree with the master's skin.\" \"He wasn't at the cathedral, either.\" Renfield cast his eyes downward. \"The master shall answer all of your questions.\" \"What do you mean?\" He gestured to the gate. \"Renfield has been sent by the master to bring Miss Jennifer to the master's house.\" Outside the cemetery walls, Dracula's black carriage was waiting. \"...I-I promised my friends I'd be back at the ship by three. We're going out to look for the captain again — \" \"The master shall not keep you long.\" \"Can we at least stop by the place to let them know?\" She gasped as Renfield's ice-cold hand gripped her wrist. \"The master,\" he hissed, \"is not a patient man.\" Jenny felt every bump and crack in the street as the carriage rolled along, its doors locked and its curtains shut. By the time it shuddered to a stop in front of the mansion, her head was spinning. Renfield opened the door, took her out and ushered her inside and up the staircase. Turning left, they came to a door of black oak topped with a wooden owl who glared down at her. Renfield pulled it open, shoved her through and closed it behind her. \"Sit down.\" Jenny blinked, letting her eyes adjust to the lack of light. \"I...I'd rather not, if that's acceptable.\" \"If you wish.\" She looked around. Bookshelves packed with tomes lined each wall, not a single one poking out from the neat bands. In the wall across from the door was a window with its curtains closed. A fireplace filled with only ashes jutted out from the wall at the far end of the room. Next to it sat a high-backed red velvet chair, and in that lounged Dracula. His skin seemed paler than usual, and dark circles sagged from beneath his eyes. \"I take it you are not fond of libraries?\" he asked. \"They're fine,\" she answered as she approached a shelf, aware of his gaze on her. She pulled out a book and flipped through it; the pages had never been cut. \"Books no longer capture my interest,\" Dracula said, seeing her surprise. \"They were meant for Lucy. Perhaps you'd like them.\" Jenny snapped the book shut and put it back. \"Renfield said you wanted to see me. That you'd answer my questions.\" \"You haven't asked any yet.\" She took a deep breath and turned to face him. \"Why weren't you at the funeral?\" \"You have been informed of my condition, have you not? The sunlight is unkind to my skin.\" \"...You never came to see the body. Three days and you never came to see the body.\" \"An urgent matter came to my attention,\" he said, taking a book from the shelf and absentmindedly flipping through it. \"I was too late to postpone the service.\" \"Did you even care for her at all?\" Sighing, Dracula stood up and began to walk towards her. \"I felt as though a hole had been carved into my heart when the news first reached me. Do you know what I wish for more than anything else, my dear?\" Jenny backed away, only to collide with the wall. \"I-I don't know why I should,\" she said, nervously pulling at the silver pendant around her neck. Dracula chuckled. \"Such an intelligent girl.\" Coming within a few inches of Jenny, he placed a hand on either side of her, boxing her against the wall. \"Truth be told, I find you far more intriguing than I ever did your friend.\" He leaned down and sniffed her neck. \"We are well suited for one another, I think...\" \"Get away from me!\" Slapping him across the face, Jenny pushed him off her and ran to the door. She tried to pull it open, but it was locked from the other side. A book struck her in the back of the head and knocked her down. \"Hold still, human,\" Dracula hissed. He loomed over her, his blue eyes fading to a blood red. A long, bony hand tipped with claw-like fingernails grasped her by the neck. When he touched the necklace, though, he jerked away with an inhuman screech. The place on his hand that had touched the silver was burning and scarred. Silver. Of course! Scrambling to her feet, Jenny ripped off the necklace and hurled it into Dracula's face. He sank to his knees, screaming and covering his eyes. The door opened. \"Master!\" Renfield said as he rushed inside brandishing a knife. \"Renfield shall protect the master — \" Picking the book off the floor, Jenny brought it down on his head and watched him collapse. She took the knife and fled as Dracula's voice echoed through the halls after her. \"I shall have your blood, human! Your blood and your mind!\" Jenny was barely aware that she was running. All she acknowledged was the path down the stairs, to the front door, out onto the street. Not until the house was well out of sight did she look back. When she did, her foot caught on a cobblestone and sent her sprawling. \"There she is...!\" She flinched and held the knife tighter as a hand grabbed her shoulder and pulled her up. \"What on earth happened?\" she heard the Pirate With A Scarf ask. \"Where have you been?\" Jenny crumpled against him, too stunned to even cry. The Pirate With Gout laughed when he heard what Jenny did to Dracula and Renfield. \"Well done, lass! Showed 'em what they're up against, yeh did.\" Jenny wouldn't look anywhere except at her hands. \"A little time to herself would be best, I think,\" Charles suggested. He ushered the others out of the hold before turning back to Jenny. \"It really is a miracle that you're still with us.\" \"He killed Lucy,\" Jenny said, still not looking up. \"I'm sure of it.\" \"I wouldn't be surprised.\" She hesitated before speaking again. \"Maybe we should leave the ship for a while, or guard it or something. He'll be coming for us.\" \"I'll tell Scarf,\" he answered. \"We'll check on you in a bit, alright? Just try to calm down.\" When she nodded, he followed the others outside. Jenny sighed and flopped back in her hammock, attempting to quell her swirling thoughts. One of them surfaced again and again; I shall have your blood, human. Your blood and your mind. She understood the first half well enough, but what could the second mean?[Chapter 10] DISCLAIMER: If you recognize it, I don't own it. CHILDREN ATTACKED: CULPRIT UNKNOWN For three consecutive days, incidents of children being stalked and going missing in the night have been reported. Out of the seven cases confirmed, all of those abducted were found alive and mostly unharmed the morning after their disappearance. Each child identified the person responsible as a young red-haired lady dressed in white who led them to Saint Louis Cemetery No. 1. After this, they remembered nothing else. Emma slapped the newspaper down over the map on the captain's and looked at Charles and Scarf. \"Well?\" \"Well what?\" Charles asked. \"Read it!\" They scanned the front page. \"Rather strange, but — \" \"Not that, the bit afterwards!\" she said, pointing to the next paragraph. When found, the children exhibited disorientation as though from blood loss. On their necks were two small holes resembling bite marks. The creature which administered them is yet to be determined. The three of them were silent for quite a while before looking at one another. \"One of his sisters, y'think?\" Emma offered half-heartedly. \"That,\" Scarf said, \"would require us being lucky.\" \"But we've already looked for the captain in the graveyard,\" Albino Pirate said once they were gathered around the table that evening. \"We aren't going to look for the captain tonight,\" Scarf told him. \"You'll all have to stay here.\" \"Why?\" Jenny asked. Scarf unrolled the newspaper and slid it down the table. \"We need to take care of Lucy.\" They all stared at him. \"...We need to what?\" Jenny finally exclaimed. \"Red hair, white dress, takes them back to the cemetery, leaves the same marks, who else could it be?\" Jenny shook her head. \"But I watched them bury her. She's dead.\" \"She's un dead. One of them now.\" Taking the black book from his coat, he began flipping through the pages. \"Someone needs to stop her before she gets stronger.\" \"And how is that supposed to work?\" she demanded. \"I'm going to drive a stake through her heart while she's asleep. She'll be able to die properly.\" \"What's this 'you' cobblers?\" the Pirate With Gout said. \"We're coming whether yet want us or not. Isn't that right?\" \"Aye!\" \"I can't afford to lose anyone else,\" Scarf told them. \"And we can't afford to lose you,\" said Charles. \"Ask yourself this: if you end up going missing, do you really want me in charge?\" \"...Go get some silver.\" Charles smiled. \"I didn't think so.\" The cemetery gates were locked, but the walls were just short enough for them to scale. Inside, the stone pathway wound between the monolithic crypts like the streets of a miniature city. \"Which one is hers?\" Scarf asked Jenny. She kept her eyes cast downward. \"The northeast end. It's black marble.\" They were the first words she had spoken since the group had left the boat. Leaves cracked beneath their feet as they walked, each one magnified by the silence. Scarf lit a lantern as clouds swept over the moon. A shadow seemed to flinch and shy away at its yellow light. \"That one,\" Jenny said, pointing. Up ahead, a tall black stone clashed with its lighter neighbors. Setting down the lantern, Scarf took out his knife and began to chip at the edges of the tomb door. The plaster gradually cracked and disintegrated until they could move the panel aside and pull out the wooden coffin. \"Oh, this is ridiculous!\" Jenny finally snapped. \"How could she possibly get out of that? We should go before — \" \"I wonder why they didn't make sure it was locked,\" Albino Pirate said when he saw the coffin. The clasps were undone. With trembling fingers, the pirates lifted the lid and forced themselves to look inside. There was no body, only the padding where it had lain. \"What are you doing here?\" The voice didn't really send shivers down their spines so much as it completely froze them. When they turned around, they saw a feminine silhouette which glared at them with yellow eyes. An unconscious young boy was clutched in her arms. \"What are you doing here?\" she repeated in little more than a hiss. \"Lucy...?\" At the sound of Jenny's voice, the creature paused before abruptly dropping the child. \"Jennifer,\" it crooned as it put on a smile. \"Of course it's me, Jennifer. Is there something wrong? I do feel rather strange.\" It put its arms out. \"Oh, I'm quite frightened, Jennifer. Can't you help me?\" Jenny couldn't help herself; she reached out to the image of her friend and took a step forward. \"Yes,\" said the not-Lucy. \"A little closer...\" \"Get back!\" Emma shouted, pulling Jenny to her side while waving the lantern at the not-Lucy. \"Back!\" The not-Lucy shrieked with rage and jumped back as the light touched it. Its eyes turned red, and it bared its fangs, hissing. The pirates watched as its body dissolved into black mist that seemed to dissipate with a gust of wind. \"Keep your guard up!\" Scarf told the others, taking out the sharpened stick he had brought. \"She's probably still around — \" \"AAAHHH! Help! HELP!\" Albino Pirate screamed. He had dropped to the ground, and something was dragging him backwards by his leg. The Pirate With Gout struck at the air with his crutch and got another pained yelp in response. The not-Lucy materialized again, snarling. It crouched and lunged, only to be stunned and stumble back when Scarf waved the lantern in its face again. After a moment, though, it growled and swatted at the light. The lantern went flying out of Scarf's hand, landed on the ground and went out. Scarf gasped as he felt the creature's spindly fingers clamp around his throat. He frantically rummaged through his pocket for the silver coins he had brought, pulled them out and flung them into its face. It fell and writhed, clawing at the burn marks. Raising the stick, Scarf jammed it into her heart. It screamed yet again and began to sit up, trying to grasp at him. Scarf pushed harder, but the not-Lucy pushed back. The stick was beginning to bend and fracture. \"Oh no you don't.\" Running forward, Jenny pushed down on the stick. The not-Lucy's scream increased in pitch as it was forced back to the ground. Dark red blood seeped from its chest wound as it struggled less and less. Eventually it hissed one last time and finally lay still. Jenny dropped to her knees, staring at the destruction as tears welled up in her eyes. \"...Is she dead?\" she finally managed to ask. Scarf placed a hand on her shoulder. \"She's at peace.\" Her eyes had faded back to green, her fangs had vanished and her face had untwisted itself into something resembling sleep. The not-Lucy was Lucy once more. They placed her back in the coffin and sealed her inside the tomb. They would have stayed longer to clean up the blood and help the boy, but they heard voices in the distance and had to leave \"...Thank you,\" Scarf said to Jenny as they walked back. \"...You're welcome.\" \"What's that?\" Charles asked as they entered the harbor. A single light was flickering in the captain's cabin. \"Maybe it's Dracula,\" the Pirate With Gout said, his eyes narrowing. \"We'll show 'im what fer, we will!\" Brandishing his cutlass he hobbled up the gangplank. The others chased after him. \"Gout, no...!\" They were trying to hold him back when the cabin door swung open. \"I say, what's all this?\" \"Captain?\" Well, that turned out a tad darker than I planned. Sorry.[Chapter 11] DISCLAIMER: If you recognize it, I don't own it. \"Captain?\" He stared at them as though they were the ones who had vanished without a trace. \"What are you doing? Where have you been?\" \"Where have you been?\" Scarf said, wavering between relieved and furious. \"Sir, we've looked all over the city for you.\" \"I thought I told you I'd be right back. You saw the note, didn't you?\" \"Sir, that was days ago.\" The captain started and staggered a bit, not unlike the way he did when drunk. \"Has it? Oh, dear, that can't be right...not what he said...\" \"Captain?\" Scarf asked as he helped him regain his balance. \"Are you feeling alright?\" \"What's that supposed to mean...?\" His eyes were bloodshot and beginning to glaze over. \"You don't seem like yourself.\" \"Nonsense!\" the captain snapped, pushing Scarf away. \"I feel more like myself than I have in years! My apologies for the mix-up,\" he added, turning to the others. \"Excitement of it all was too much, I suppose.\" \"The excitement of what, might we ask?\" said Charles. The captain looked at the boards of the deck for a moment before straightening himself up. \"I've got an announcement for you,\" he said at last. \"I've done quite a bit of thinking, and...well...I'm giving it up.\" Scarf briefly relaxed. \"The bet?\" \"Piracy.\" Their jaws all dropped. \"What?\" \"You heard me.\" \"But why?\" Scarf asked, grabbing his shoulder. The captain shook him off as though he were nothing more than a weevil. \"Why not? There's no point to it. I can be of better use elsewhere.\" \"Since when?\" Charles stepped between them. \"What do you mean by elsewhere, Captain?\" he asked, trying to sound calm. \"I've been having the most marvelous discussion with the count. He says he wants me to sail him around the world once he's finished his business here! Won't it be glorious?\" \"...You're joking, yes? Please be joking.\" \"I most certainly am not! If you don't like the sound of it, you can leave. We won't need you anyway.\" Scarf grabbed his arm again. \"Captain, there's something we need to tell you — \" \"Silence!\" he hissed. \"The captain will do as the master wishes, and the humans cannot stop him.\" The blood drained from Scarf's face as his arm went limp and slipped back to his side. \"Captain...?\" Charles gently pulled him away. \"We ought to be on our way.\" They silently filed down the gangplank and back into the city, and the captain's unblinking eyes watched them until they were gone. Beware of the blood of the Vampire, for if a Human consumes the blood, he shall become Slave to the Vampire. His eyes shall be ever vigilant, the word of the Vampire is his law, and he shall relinquish his sense of Self to follow his Master. \"That's it!\" Emma said as she slapped the page of the vampire book with the back of her hand, ignoring the strange looks of the other tavern patrons. \"That's what he's done to the captain! Scarf, have you read this bit?\" Scarf was looking down at the table, his hands on his forehead. \"I should have known...I should have known when we found that flask...\" Emma continued to flip through the pages. \"There's got to be some way to snap him out of it...here we are! 'The Human shall be released from this captivity of the mind when the Vampire is slain.' Let's go get 'im!\" \"It won't be like Lucy,\" Scarf said, finally looking up. \"He's too clever for that.\" Taking the book back, he bent over it while his friends gathered around him. \"We need something else...\" The pleasing form of the Vampire is but an illusion sustained by the Blood of Humans. When deprived of it, they shall revert to their True Demonic Form. It is said that those who look upon this Form shall perish from even a single glance. \"Oh, that's very encouraging.\" \"Maybe they've kept it up so long that they aren't used to it, and they'd die if they looked at each other!\" Jenny offered. The confused stares of everyone around her caused her to shrink back. \"Or maybe not...\" The Vampire may only rest in their Grave or in a Coffin filled with the Dirt of their Native Land. \"We could sneak back into their basement and smash the coffins,\" Charles said. \"What, all of them?\" said Scarf. \"Perhaps they aren't keeping dirt in the other ones.\" \"Then what do they have 'em fer?\" said Gout. The Vampire lives by drinking the Blood of a Human until none is left within them. If the Human is left in this state, they die. If they are fed the Blood of a Vampire, they will join the ranks of the Vampires and drink the Blood of others. \"...Is that what's going to happen to the captain?\" Albino Pirate asked after a long silence. \"No,\" said Scarf, putting a hand around his shoulder. \"We'll see to that.\" \"Still doesn't explain what the rest o' the coffins are fer, though,\" said Gout. Charles was blanching. \"Does that answer your question?\" he said, pointing to a post at the other end of the tavern. A man was nailing up a large sheet of paper for all to see. PEOPLE OF NEW ORLEANS, it said across the top. The illustrious Count Dracula cordially requests your presence at his mansion for a Gala this very evening. All are welcome to attend. He assures you that it shall be a most memorable evening. While the patrons crowded around the poster and whispered excitedly to one another, the pirates stared at it in slack-jawed horror. Now it made far more sense than they wanted to acknowledge. \"Well,\" said Scarf, \"he said everyone. Guess that includes us.\" \"You want to go after him tonight?\" said Jenny. \"It'll be our last chance.\" One new vampire had nearly killed them. They would have no chance against hundreds. \"But we don't even have a plan!\" \"We'll have to fix that, then.\" Phew! Two more chapters to go. If I don't finish this by the end of the month, my apologies...[Chapter 12] DISCLAIMER: If you recognize it, I don't own it. The line outside 1140 Royal Street stretched around the block, but the pirates simply walked past it and crept to the back of the house. The night was warm and humid, and the kitchen window had been opened. A few minutes of pulling and shoving later, they were all inside. \"Right, now what?\" asked Gout while the others helped him back up. Scarf was about to answer when a pair of footsteps cut him off. \"Are the doors locked, Renfield?\" said a female voice. The pirates scrambled beneath a table as the kitchen door opened. They peered out from under the tablecloth as the feet of Renfield and one of the sisters stopped right in front of them. \"Renfield has locked the doors, Mistress. The humans will not escape.\" He waved a skeleton key in front of her face. \"Good. You are to put out the lights when Brother gives the signal.\" She tucked back a loose strand of hair, then shrieked as it came off in her hand. \"A shame to be so old. Renfield, get me a glass of blood at once!\" She stormed out while Renfield mechanically placed the key on the table and followed her. The pirates crawled out as soon as they were gone. Scarf immediately grabbed the key and unlocked the back door. \"Take care of the front door once it's clear and prop it open,\" he said, handing the key to Jenny and gesturing outside. \"I want half of you here and half of you there. Go when I tell you.\" Putting his ear to the kitchen door, he waited. A few minutes passed, and the loud rumble of a crowd could soon be heard from the other room. \"Now!\" Scarf whispered. He watched as the others dispersed, then quietly turned the doorknob, opened the door and stepped through. He was in a corner of the foyer, standing on what seemed to be the last free spot available. The room was packed with people, all chattering and pushing past one another in an effort to get in front of the still-closed ballroom doors. He slipped his way into the confusion, keeping his head down and occasionally flicking his eyes up. No sign of Renfield...or the face he was both hoping and fearing to see, for that matter... Everyone fell silent as the double doors creaked open. \"The master shall see you now.\" Hundreds of joyful shrieks shattered the silence as the guests stampeded into the ballroom. Scarf was among the last to enter, and the doors slammed shut behind him. He made his way to the nearest corner and plastered himself against the wall, trying to calm his racing heart. Come now, you're all they've got left. You're all he's got left. From where he was, he could see everything; the dance floor, the food tables, the fireplace. Next to it, Dracula was sitting in a throne-like chair of mahogany and velvet. He rested his head in his hand, dark circles had formed under his eyes and his ears were looking slightly more pointed than usual. He watched the revelers for a few minutes, then sighed and shifted his head to his other hand. At the motion, his sisters came to join him while Renfield slipped away through a side door. Scarf inched towards the doors, keeping a hand on the lumps of silver in his pocket. Here we go... The music died, and the happy chatter of the guests turned to whispers of confusion as the lights of the wall lamps began to flicker and fade. Then the chandelier flashed, raining sparks down on them, and plunged the room into darkness. \"What happened?\" \"Does anyone have some candles?\" \"Count, is that you?\" a woman asked. \"Do you know what — AAAGGGHHH!\" \"Over here!\" Scarf shouted above the screams of terror that followed. \"The front door's unlocked and the kitchen's on the left! You can get out through there!\" He jumped aside as the crowd came barreling towards him. The strength of the doors was no match for their weight, and the wood gave way with a splintery crash. They streamed through the open doors, out into the night and down the street in all directions. The pirates pushed past them, running to meet Scarf at the bottom of the stairs. \"Is that everyone? Did you see the captain? Where's Dracula?\" An inhuman roar of rage echoed through the halls and shook the timbers of the house. \"YOU!\" \"I think we have more pressing matters at hand...\" They raced up the stairs as the vampires came after them, fangs bared and eyes glowing red. \"Renfield knows that the creatures of the fur and feathers are here. Renfield can smell them!\" This was not true, but he could hear the dodo's claws clacking against the wood floors as it skittered down the hall. He rounded a corner just in time to see it dart into one of the mistresses' rooms, and when he followed it inside, he saw the wardrobe door hanging ajar. Laughing, he flung it open. \"The feather creature shall make a lovely meal for the master...!\" There was no bird, only a single notecard. PSYCH. He shrieked as a pair of hands shoved him into the wardrobe and slammed the doors. \"Nobody eats Polly!\" Albino Pirate shouted at him while Mr. Bobo locked the door and tossed the key out the nearest window. \"That was rather fun, actually. Do you think the others are faring this well?\" Charles had done a fair bit of hunting back in his Cambridge days. If he lived through tonight, he was never even thinking about it again. How had he gotten back into the cellar, anyway? He remembered Scarf giving him the bag of silver and telling him to hide someplace the vampires wouldn't think to look before going off to who knew where. Then he heard the the sisters' screaming and ran off in the opposite direction, hoping that he wouldn't trip on anything, and some part of him apparently thought it a good idea to hide where they stored the blood and coffins that they would surely be focused on defending... No matter how he'd gotten here. What mattered was getting out. He crept to the double doors and was about to ascend the ladder when one of the bottles fell off a shelf and shattered. He spun around at the noise. \"I'm warning you...\" An invisible force clamped around his throat and arms and threw him against the door with a force beyond that which any human possessed. They materialized in front of him; bald, red-eyed, faces sagging, fingers long and claw-like. They scratched at his skin feverishly, determined to dispense with the pleasantries and simply rip him apart. Narrow streams of blood were beginning to flow out from his neck and face when the doors above them were abruptly flung open. \"Hurry!\" Emma was shouting. The vampires screamed in agony as the pirates dumped piles upon piles of silver on them. Charles darted aside as they burned, blistered and burst into flames. Two of them quickly turned to ash. The third used the last of her strength to reach up, grab Emma by the ankle and pull her into the cellar. \"Get away from her!\" Running forward, Charles pulled the creature off her and tossed it aside. It flailed a bit before disintegrating. \"Thank you,\" he said as he helped her up. \"Are you alright?\" \"Need to work on my aim...\" \"Yeh can chitchat all yeh want later!\" the Pirate With Gout snapped at them from above. \"We've got to find Scarf!\" \"He isn't with you?\" Charles asked. Gout shook his head gravely. \"Last I saw of him, he was goin' up to the attic.\" Since I don't want to shortchange the next scene, I decided to push it to the next chapter. See you whenever I get that done. Hopefully sometime before the end of the month. Toodle-pip! :) ~ A. Kingsleigh[Chapter 13] DISCLAIMER: If you recognize it, I don't own it. Scarf opened the door slowly, his cutlass pointed out in front of him. \"Show yourself.\" There was, at first glance, nothing to be shown. The attic was small and empty. Shingles could be seen through the rafters, the bricks of the wall were beginning to crack and dislodge and the floorboards were warped. Across from the door was a window covered by a curtain, and shreds of light slipped in through the cracks. \"I know you're in here,\" Scarf said. \"I saw you running up the stairs.\" The door slammed shut behind him and locked. \"Oh, aren't you clever.\" The once-charming voice had morphed into an ominous hiss. Scarf whirled around as the figure he sought stepped out of hiding, but his grip and his balance wavered when he saw the creature standing before him. Dracula hadn't just gotten taller, he now looked down at Scarf and his head nearly brushed the ceiling. His arms were clasped rigidly to his side; in the dark, he looked almost like a monolith. He seemed to glide slowly and effortlessly along the floor. His bloody, unblinking eyes with slitted pupils never strayed from his target. All his hair had fallen out, and his ears were pointed once more. His hands had turned to rat-like claws with long, yellow fingernails. He was smiling — at least, Scarf assume that was what it was — and his front teeth were now pointed incisors. All around him was the smell of rotting flesh. \"Such delusions of bravery,\" he rasped. \"Your blood shall feed me well.\" \"You won't be feeding on anyone!\" Scarf shouted at him, gripping the handle of the cutlass while taking a few steps backwards. \"My friends are downstairs taking care of Renfield and your sisters. When they're done, they'll be coming.\" The vampire seemed to find this amusing, for his smile grew wider. \"And none of us are frightened of you,\" Scarf added. \"Me least of all.\" It was the only sentence he could think of to say. Dracula raised an arm and extended a gnarled finger behind Scarf. \"Does this frighten you, human?\" Stepping to the side in order to keep an eye on Dracula, Scarf glanced to where he pointed. When he saw this new sight, though, he froze. The cutlass slipped out of his hand and fell to the floor. \"Captain...\" The captain did not answer him, or even look at him. He walked forward like an automaton, his eyes still glazed over and his breathing barely discernible. His cutlass danged in his hand. He stopped and stood still, as though waiting for his master's next command. Dracula casually gestured to Scarf. \"Kill him.\" All at once, the captain was ablaze with determination. Scarf barely avoided his blade as it swished through and struck the floor so hard that it stuck in the wood. The captain simply pulled it back out and attacked again. Scarf grabbed his cutlass and brought it up to meet the captain's, but the clash was so hard that it shattered. He dropped its remains and rushed to the other side of the room. \"Captain, stop!\" The man hesitated, but a wave of Dracula's hand sent him off again. Scarf ducked, leaving him hacking at the air. \"It's me, sir!\" the first mate shouted. \"It's Number Two! Don't you know me, sir?\" \"Cut out his tongue,\" said Dracula. The next swipe nearly took Scarf's hand off. \"You've got to come out of it, captain! Think about the crew! Think about Polly!\" Another slash. \"Do you remember our adventures? Of course you do. You must.\" He jumped again as the sword tried to cut his feet. \"You've done things far more foolish than this, sir. I didn't leave you then, and I'm not leaving now.\" By this point, the captain was blocking the door. The only ways out were either success or death. \"Captain...I know you're still in there. And I'd like a word with you.\" Dracula waved his hand upwards and brought it down again. The captain raised his cutlass, but he didn't strike. Something was holding his arm up. His other hand quivered and tried to point towards the door. Get out of here, it seemed to be saying. Save yourself. \"No,\" said Scarf. \"Not without you.\" The raised arm trembled, then stiffened and flew down — CRASH! \"We're here!\" Scarf and Dracula jumped as the rest of the pirates came barreling into the attic, not even bothering to open the door. It blasted off its hinges, struck the captain in the back of the head and sent him sprawling to the floor unconscious. \"Did we get 'im?\" Gout asked eagerly. Jenny lifted the door, and Pirate Who Likes Sunsets and Kittens scooped the body up. \"Not quite...\" Looking at the window, Scarf saw that the light from outside had deepened from pale to gold. Before Dracula could grab him, he ran across the room and tore down the curtains. \"Now we have!\" His friends flinched and covered their eyes as the beams of sunrise streamed into the attic. Dracula screamed as sank to his knees as the light hit him. He flailed about as the skin of his face began to crack, collapsed, lay still...then groaned and pushed himself back upon his feet. \"You amusing little fools. When did I ever say the sun would actually harm me?\" The pirates stared at him in open-mouthed terror. After a moment, Charles cleared his throat. \"A fine question. Give us a moment to think that over while we... RUN!\" And with that, they all took off down the stairs screaming at the top of their lungs. The crowd that had gathered outside the mansion tried to stop them as they ran into the street, but they pushed through the mass of people and fled. The buildings flowed past in a colorful blur; the only thing in focus was the mast of their ship in the distance. Whenever they looked back, Dracula seemed to be forever behind them; his pace always slow, his eyes always burning. \"Get to the boat!\" Scarf told them. \"We'll fend him off there!\" They skidded around a corner, and the harbor came into view. Before them floated the Pirate Ship, its gangplank still lowered. They raced onto the deck, threw the unconscious captain into his cabin and started for the hold. Scarf stayed behind, looking over the side at the docks. \"Find a spare board and sharpen it!\" he called down to them, failing to notice that the shark tank was shattered and empty. \"Get some more of the silver if you — AAAHHH!\" His words caught in his throat as Dracula abruptly rose up, grabbed him by his scarf and dragged him over the side. He grabbed the edge of an open porthole and tried to crawl through as the others came to his aid. \"Help... help...!\" \"No! The human shall die!\" Dracula shrieked, clamping onto his leg with an iron grip. A gray fin rose up from the water and began to move rapidly towards him. \"All the humans of the world shall — \" His head whipped around, and he screamed as the shark leapt towards him with its jaws bared. It grasped him in his jaws, tearing him off of Scarf, and dragged him down into the dark green waters. As Scarf watched them disappear, his strength seemed to go with them. It's over. It's over. His grip on the porthole loosened, and he would have fallen if the others hadn't taken his arms and pulled him inside. He slumped onto his side and lay on the floor, breathing heavily as their muffled questions bounced off his ears. \"The captain,\" he said. \"We need to check the captain...\" They all fell silent as they heard hesitant footsteps above them, right where the cabin was. \"Number Two? Chuck? Anyone...?\" Picking himself up, Scarf led them up on deck, to the cabin and opened the door. \"We're right here.\" The captain was standing at his desk, staring down at nothing in particular. His eyes were no longer glazed. He looked up, blinked several times, then staggered forward and threw his arms around Scarf. Scarf simply returned the hug and smiled. \"Welcome back, sir.\" One! More! Chapter![Chapter 14] DISCLAIMER: If you recognize it, I don't own it. TERROR AND TRAGEDY A power outage led to a shocking chain of events at the house of the late Count Dracula on Saturday evening. The initial atmosphere of tension was amplified when screams were heard from guests who later reported that the count and his sisters had attacked them. Further violence was averted when a guest succeeded in opening the locked ballroom doors and allowed the others to escape. He and his companions were later seen fleeing the house. Their identities and location are unknown. All four members of the Dracula family are missing and presumed dead. Eyewitnesses reported seeing the count devoured by a shark in the harbor, but there is no concrete evidence to support this hypothesis. The bodies of the sisters have not been found. Mr. Renfield, the butler, was discovered locked in a closet. He has been questioned but appears to have no memory of the family or his time with them. His quick release from custody is expected. We know not the whereabouts of Count Dracula's remains, nor what brought on his sudden bout of madness in his final moments, but this shall not prevent us from mourning the dead. A week after the paper was printed, the Pirate Ship sailed into the harbor of Blood Island. Her crew disembarked and immediately headed for the Barnacle's Face. The patrons sitting at the bar flinched as the Pirate Captain entered, but he walked right past them and settled down at a corner table with his lads and lasses. The other pirates' heads gradually all turned to watch. There was something different about the captain; no boasting, no grog-induced claptrap, just sitting quietly and talking with his friends. Jenny seemed more relaxed as well, laughing and even having a small drink. Several onlookers expressed interest in the bandages on Mr. Darwin and were quite disappointed when he hold them that he wasn't expected to have any scars when they came off. After a nudge from Cutlass Liz, Black Bellamy approached the table. \"So, Cap, any more world-saving?\" he asked, earning snickers from the others. \"No, I'm afraid not. But they have,\" the captain added, gesturing to his crew. \"Long story, though. Besides, I know what you're really here for.\" As he spoke, he took the newspaper from his coat and tossed it to Bellamy. \"Well?\" Bellamy stared at the front page as though it was written in a foreign language. \"Well what?\" \"We won the bet! Shark beats Dracula! Number Two saw it with his own eyes. You're not going to call him untrustworthy, are you?\" \"Wait. You actually took that thing seriously?\" The captain paused. \"What do you mean?\" \"Dude, it was a joke! I didn't think you'd remember any of it.\" \"B-But it was your idea, wasn't it? You swore to it!\" \"It wasn't, and I didn't.\" \"You asked what you'd get if you won! That makes it implicit!\" Scarf stepped between them. \"Alright, alright. How about we call it a draw? No one gives up anything and we move on.\" \"Fine with me,\" Bellamy answered. \"Captain?\" \"...Oh, why not?\" \"Good.\" Putting the paper back on the table, Bellamy turned on his heel and left. \"And that,\" the captain said to Scarf, \" is why there would only ever be one Number Two of the Year Award.\" Scarf smiled. \"Thank you, sir.\" They all flinched as a fist abruptly pounded on their table. \"Do you know the truly important question?\" slurred Peg-Leg Hastings. \"Could a Frankenstein beat a jellyfish?\" \"Well, the tendrils of the jellyfish are potentially fatal and...now wait a minute, I'm only — OW! I was just going to talk about it! Let go of my ears...!\" His crew merely walked a little faster dragged him out of the tavern, down the dock and back to the ship, ignoring his protests all the way. |~| The End |~| -sits back and weakly punches air- I DID IT! I got it done in time! So the good news is that I've already got an idea for the next story. The bad news is that you probably won't see it until sometime in December. I'm giving up fanfiction for a month as I make the leap into original material and participate in NaNoWriMo for the first time. But I've decided to write the novel in a public Google Drive document that you can all view if you wish. Just ask for the link and I'll provide it. Until then, the Piratesverse must be stowed away in my box of ideas. It'll probably return as a Christmas present. In the meantime...go read The Hunger Games. ;) Bye! ~ A. Kingsleigh ","Summary":" Good eeee vening, my friends. Please enter of your own free will, and leave behind some of the happ"},{"Movie":"2012","Title":"HEROES: The Titan State","Author":"TheCrunchyMoose","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12400581","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Jonathan, the light is calling to you...\" That was the last lines of his evilly realistic dream. Jonathan Baukman woke up worried, sweaty and terrified. His wife, Masdia was up ready to comfort him. He had[Chapter 2] As he raced home, police sirens were blaring while they were following him. He didn't care. He drove as fast as he could, he then spotted his house and raced over, but now, police were filling his back window with bullets. He pulled up to his house, and all of a sudden, it blew up. Jonathan then flew through the back window, police cars flying into their neighbor's house. \"No, No!\" he shouted as he got up and ran toward his torn and mangled house. He walked into the fiery kitchen, then he saw his wife there, laying on the floor, He looked everywhere, but Agnes was nowhere to be found. He held his wife gently in his arms, sobbing. But an officer held a gun at him, then Jonathan said, \"NO!\" then he quickly burnt the officer down to the ground. His house was on fire, then he walked away, slowly. He then felt a sting behind him as a cop tased him. He quickly fell asleep, then woke up in a giant old, dusty-looking prison. He woke up to someone saying, \"What you in for?\" Jonathan's eyes quickly opened as he say a dirty-looking blonde brute. The man then said, \"Name's Ryan Shield. I was imprisoned for making this world a better place. Huh, it's funny thinkin' I would ever be jailed for that.\" Jonathan then quickly stood up and said, \"Jonathan.\" As they shook hands, Jonathan accidentally burnt Ryan's hand. Ryan then said, \"You one of us?\" then Jonathan said, \"What do you mean?\" Ryan replied, \"A Hero.\" after a brief silence, he said, \"Imma call you Fireman! no wait, Flamekid! no, wait a sec, Charman!\" Jonathan then said, \"Call me Charman.\" Ryan then said, \"We gotta get outta here though, I may have stolen someone's carrot cake yesterday.\" Charman then said, \"Who?\" Ryan then said, \"That guy,\" as he pointed to a huge brute trying to crush the cell bars. \"He literally want to kill me. We call him Engineer Moustache.\" Then the alarm blared on. Ryan then said, \"She's here.\" He then smiled. \"Ain't no shiz bout it.\"[Chapter 3] All of a sudden, the prison doors exploded, and when that happened, everyone's cell broke open. \"No, she was supposed to rescue us, not let them free!\" A giant frog-like woman started to strangle Charman with her long tongue. Charman then burnt it off when 3 Heroes burst through the door and started shooting the villains with futuristic blasters. Then one ran to kill Charman, but Ryan blocked her and said, \"No! He's with us!\" Charman then stepped back, and burnt 2 mutants down to a crisp. While they were fighting, Ryan introduced Charman to the rest of the heroes. \"That's Arachnid, the spider-looking one, that one's Sabre, she has sabre-tooth tiger teeth, and that's Sylvanie, we call her S, but she uses telekinesis. 'Sylvanie, wait a sec-oh God' Charman thought. \"She says she used to know you\" Ryan explained,\" If she didn't she would've killed you.\" Charman then saw someone swooping down in dragon wings, Sabre quickly jumped and sunk her jaws into his neck. Arachnid then created a web and started shooting his poison bombs at different people. Then another villain came out with a robotic arm, then a rookie, Romson, who had vulture claws ran to kill the metal armed man, but then the man quickly jerked, scarring half of Romson's face, Romson, trying to stab the man, twisted his ankle. The man then picked him up, and flung him out of the window. \"Rom!\" Ryan then said,\" You son of a bitch!\" He then lunged at the man, but he disappeared, quickly flying away in one of the police jets. Charman, Ryan, Sylvanie, Sabre, and Arachnid quickly flew away in The Berg, the ship that had blown open the jail. 'I left a little surprise for them.\" Then all of a sudden, the jail blew up, sending mutants fying everywhere. \"Boom.\" Arachnid said creepily.[Chapter 4] As they flew away, Sylvanie said, \"Where to?\" Ryan then said, \"We got another pickup in Singapore. A living bomb and robotic archer.\" Sylvanie then pressed the gas, which sent the ship flying straight for Singapore. As they landed, they saw two Hunter guards, but they were each shot by an explosive dart. As they were blown into the ocean, they saw the two Heroes running along the path, shooting down multiple hunters. They finally made their way down and introduced themselves. \"I'm Dynomite, and he's BullzEye.\" The bomb said as he gestured towards the man behind him with an arrow dispenser as an arm. All of a sudden, a Warlock, which are twice the size and strength of regular Hunters, appeared. It's face opened, revealing laser beams that were each trying to disintegrate the heroes. Dynomite pulled out his bomb launcher and shot right in the middle of the Warlock's volcano-like face. \"We got a few down.\" He said, but Ryan then said, \"What are you doing?\" BullzEye then replied, \"Saving the world, you know, killing Hunters.\" So then they headed off for the village, then all of a sudden, two Hunters, who were disguised as humans, appeared. One of their helmets came off, revealing a robotic human face. \"You are our prisoners now.\" But then all of a sudden, A giant robot came down and crushed the two Hunters. \"What's that?\" Charman asked. \"This is my bot. call him Ripley.\" Ryan shield had replied. \"We got what we came here for, now we can leave\" Sylvanie said, then, the Hunter's attack ship shone a light on them, They all ran back to the Berg, and started it up to fly to Nackhamman, a safe haven,\"This is our chance!\" Dynomite yelled. As they boarded the ship and flew away, a missile struck their ship down, crashing into the ocean below...[Chapter 5] As their plane was crashing, Windows were bursting and alarm sirens screaming, Dynomite said, \"We're goin down!\" Charman then had visions of what happened to his daughter and having to kill everyone on his team. As the plane exploded before it reached the sea, the Heroes flew into different directions. Charman had created a fire shield, but the blast had an enormous impact, and it blew him away into the walls of an old building. Sylvanie was sinking to the bottom of the sea until Ryan swam down to rescue her. As he looked, something was pulling Sylvanie's body, he peered over and saw a Two-Headed Siren pulling at her. The Siren screeched, then Ryan pulled out his Bo-staff and smacked her with the sharp side, the Siren then dying underwater. He pulled her up out of the water, only to have BullzEye smack him with his arrow arm, scarring his face. Dynomite then said, \"What did you do that for?\" BullzEye then silently swam towards a nearby island. Dynomite, Sylvanie, Ryan, Sabre and Arachnid then swam with him. Meanwhile, Charman woke up and saw a man staring at him. Just silently staring. Then he ran, which Charman boosted after him. He then sent the man in flames, then as he saw the logo for the place, ETA, he saw another man trying to delete some mysterious files. Charman then slammed the man's head on the desk, then he saw pictures of his daughter. They were mind-controlling her. He then escaped using an old helicopter. He flew towards an empty-looking island. He landed, then, kind of surprised, he saw his friends. Charman then said, \"I found him.\" He then handed the files to Ryan. \"The man, the leader of these machines.\" Ryan said, then darkly turned, \"We need to kill him.\"[Chapter 6] \"But how are we going to get off this island?\" Sylvanie questioned. Charman then replied, \"We fly.\" As he jumped in the helicopter and started it up. Everyone boarded but BullzEye. \"What if he's trying to kill us?!\" He shouted. Everyone just rolled their eyes. As Sylvanie walked pass Charman, she gripped his hand, then let it go. BullzEye then starting to walk toward the plane angrily. As they all sat, Charman started to fly the plane. Everyone was anxious to finally bring the end to the evil Hunter King and his reign. After hours of flying, they finally made it to San Diego. \"We need to go to SDHRI. San Diego Hero Research Institute if you wanna get all brainy.\" They flew into the hangar, but a Ground Crew Member stopped them. \"Who are here to see?\" Sylvanie then replied, \"Grand Admiral Chuck.\" BullzEye then said, \"I need to do something.\" Then he sped away. The group, wondering what his deal was, started to follow an Admiral who was guiding them to the office. \"Sylvanie, Dynomite, Ryan, Arachnid, Sabre, and new dude, we need you to exterminate the Hunter King, Raha-Loue. He has gone threw our documents, but luckily we tracked his location. El Yunque, Puerto Rico. Don't know why, but I heard it's hot as heck out there. We need you to capture him and bring him back for questioning.\" Then Charman angrily turned, \"He killed my family. We need to cut his darned head off.\" Fire then started blazing in his hands. Chuck then said, \"Slow down, fire midget-, we will bring justice and kill those metal bastards, but in the meanwhile, you can-\" Then the wall behind him exploded, sending him flying. \"Take the files! take the files! I won't live to see justice but you will!\" Chuck calmly said, then his body went limp. Then the huge halls started blowing up, sending soldiers flying. A trainee mutant, Zahdee, followed them (He had the powers of a zebra) but then the floor below him exploded, with him flying to the top of the hangar. \"I hope they are in peace.\" Sylvanie said as she ran to a big four-winged, dragon-like aircraft. BullzEye then rushed back in and said, \"I saw him! He was here!\" As they flew away, the entire institution blew up. It was the end of any justice that would come. They looked back, then sped up. But all of a sudden, Sylvanie started sobbing, and started saying,\" No!\"[Chapter 7] Father! My father! No!\" at this point she was screaming. Charman went over to comfort her, but a fire blazed in BullzEye's eyes. He went to pull out an arrow, but stopped himself. Right when they were over Texas, Dynomite started talking nonsense. \"What happened?! Who?! What?! Where?! Seriously!? How!? Good God, my circuits are about to fry.\" Charman then said, \"We're going full power now!\" He then sped, but it sped so hard, the engine blew up. Dynomite then yelled, \"YOU CANNOT BE SERIOUS!\" As the plane crashed, BullzEye then said, \"Florida, great. brings back assassination memories.\" Then everyone stared at him. He then laughingly said, \"It's a joke! a joke! Good god, it's a damn joke!\" Everyone then rolled their eyes and jumped out of the plane. \"It'll be a while before the cops show.\" Ryan all of a sudden said. \"What happened to you! you haven't talked for a whole day! I'm amazed.\" Dynomite then said. BullzEye then started clapping sarcastically. \"You jackass.\" Sylvanie said. \"We need to run.\" Sabre said. And then they started running. \"Take the crappy old bus!\" Charman then said, pointing to a bus with a casino sign with an old lady on it. \"Grandma! Head toward Grandma Knuckles!\" Everyone was confused until they saw then knuckles had an abnormal shape. As they ran in the bus, they smelt the stench of old cat, rotten tuna, and used restroom. \"This smells like my old room when I was 13. It was completely friggin awful.\" Ryan then said. Charman replied, \"Glad I never knew you when we were kids.\"[Chapter 8] As the bus came to a stop, everyone rushed off. Dynomite threw up. Charman then said, \"It'll be okay, man.\" Dynomite then screeched, \"I'm throwing up my own waste! do you know how painful that is!\" When he was done, he said \"Thanks for keeping us safe, man!\" Everyone thanked him, but BullzEye. He was just too \"manly\" Charman then said, \"Are we in Key West already?\" BullzEye then replied, \"Yes, ye little bugger.\" Ryan then patted BullzEye in the back and said, \"You do know no-one is scared of a little Spaniard like you, right?\" BullzEye then pushed him off, then saying, \"I'm French, you jack.\" Then they rushed to the nearest airport, only to be caught by two Hunters, and a Hunterguard, which had a squid-like face. Sabre attacked one, and Charman attacked one. Dynomite then yelled, \"I'll get the big one!\" \"Woah, woah, woah! You wait here, I'll get him.\" Ryan then said, when they finally beat them, they headed toward the airplane, when they were about to board, Ryan said to Charman, \"Never let him fight.\" \"Why?\" Charman replied. \"He can blow up, which could kill himself. Promise me that.\" \"Does he know?\" Charman asked. \"Promise me!\" Ryan said angrily. Charman nodded and boarded the ship. While they were flying, about 20 kids were staring at them. They had seen the fight. Kids then started trying to take pictures, but Ryan was prepared. He gave a virus to their phones. \"It's gonna be a long ride.\" Sylvanie said. After some hours of flying, they finally arrived to Puerto Rico.[Chapter 9] As everyone left the plane, they saw ghetto streets with thieves and stray dogs. They also saw areas with children running around. They walked around, and Dynomite started eating a banana he had bought from a market. \"You're not supposed to eat that!\" Ryan yelled. \"Well if I'm gonna go out, I'm gonna go out noble!\" Dynomite yelled back,\"You're not my dad!\" Ryan then yelled, \"Well, I'm the only one keeping you from blowing the hell up!\" Dynomite, angry and sad at the same time, said, \"I wish you would just get away from me or die!\" All of a sudden, Charman said, \"Stop! You're both saying stuff you don't mean!\" Then BullzEye yelled, \"Listen to the bastard for once! before I shoot you!\" then, Charman caught a glimpse of the temple, Espíritu de la Luna. He then called for everyone and they saw the temple, and they started walking toward it. As they walked into the dusty, old temple, they saw a hologram projector. It showed the face of an old woman, recognizable to the team. \"Grandma Knuckles!\" Charman and Ryan said together. She said, \"Heroes, welcome to my temple of complete destruction. Unfortunately, one of you have been reasonably payed to kill everyone else.\" All of a sudden, they heard an arrow sink into someone. Sabre fell to the ground with an arrow in her abdomen. Ryan said, \"No!\" Then, at that moment, Charman, Dynomite, Sylvanie, Ryan, and Arachnid started rushing to BullzEye to kill him for sure...[Chapter 10] \"You asshole!\" Ryan yelled. BullzEye quickly knocked out Sylvanie, Dynomite, and Arachnid. \"Get outta here Dynomite!\" Ryan said. Dynomite ran then Ryan pulled out a Bo-staff and smacked BullzEye to a pillar, gasping in pain. He pulled out his revolver and aimed for Charman, and then, \"BAM!\" A loud noise echoed throught the room, and Charman turned his back. He saw Ryan's body fall to the ground, him saying, \"Thanks for being my friend.\" BullzEye then kicked Charman down to the ground. \"You like that? huh? Glad I don't kill you next.\" BullzEye then aimed his gun at Charman's head. \"NO!\" Charman screamed as he turned into a giant fire monster and smashed BullzEye through the pillars. \"You want more, beyotch? How 'bout this? I blew up SDHRI, I killed your friends, and I took your daughter! The hell you gonna do now?\" Charman then turned back in rage, putting Sylvanie, Arachnid, and Dynomite behind him and lunged toward BullzEye, grabbing him, and burning him to dust, BullzEye, saying, \"Joke's on you, fire midget!\" Charman then turned back to normal, looking at the surprised expressions on his friend's faces. He then ran to Ryan's body, Dynomite saying, \"I'm sorry! I'm sorry! Evrything I said?I regret evrything!\" Out on the back edge of the temple, Dynomite and Arachnid, hauling Ryan & Sabre's bodies into the ship. Sylvanie said, \"You coming with us?\" Charman then said, \"I got work to do.\" Sylvanie smiled an said, \"Don't work yourself too hard.\" She kissed him on the cheek and boarded the ship & flew away. He then walked away, knowing what he had to do next... ","Summary":" \"Jonathan, the light is calling to you...\" That was the last lines of his evilly realistic dream."},{"Movie":"Independence Day","Title":"You Reap What You Sow","Author":"Tuuna","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11422290","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 1996 AC \"…prepare for the future.\" The President spoke with a conviction that swayed his audience, making them nod and hum in agreement. They had survived the most destructive war in the history of mankind. Just hours before one of their fighter pilots had taken down the first alien ship and thereafter pilot after pilot had shouted a mighty roar and given their life to save countless others. All over the world mankind had united against a common enemy. There were no more feelings of hate because of ethnicity, religion, politics or culture. They were for the first time in human history together as one. \"To safeguard our planet we will have to take measures to prevent a future attack on the same scale.\" the President continued his speech. \"We must unite all the nations into one and become a force to be reckoned with no matter the enemy.' He paused for a moment. 'The world is a malleable right now and we must take this opportunity to form it into a shape impregnable. Use the technology we scavenge from the aliens to build better warships, better weapons and stronger soldiers. One day we will be tested again and we shall not fail!\" At this powerful proclamation he turned to look out of the window at the crashed spaceship. The final part he said with quiet knowledge in his voice \"We cannot fail… for the sake of all…\" They discussed. They debated. They argued and they fought. Proposals were thrown out, plans remade and rectified, ideas mulled over, qualms weighed, and hearts steeled. For weeks the most influential leaders of the most influential nation in the world stayed in a small room and conferred. While the rest of the world recovered and felt an intense joy at being alive in the present they planned for the future. The men who stepped into that room didn't know it yet but they would set the path mankind would follow from then on until the eve of their doom. They would become a titan – a creature of war. For the sake of the future they would ruin lives and nations, take the power with blood and gunpowder, and keep the control with an iron fist.[Chapter 2] 2296 AC \"Are you certain?\" asked a man in a long white coat. \"Without a doubt' responded his companion 'we got the updated results today. There is no error, the Scientists were correct. We have less than five years left.\" They walked down the corridor in silence. Each pondering the consequences of the information. As they reached the end of the corridor and walked through a big red door marked \"Exodus\" the companion hopefully asked \"Is it ready? The answer was not what he had hoped for: \"No,\" said the man in the white coat. A chill of dread went down the companion's spine. Before them lay a giant of a spaceship. The one chance they had at escape from the planet that had birthed them, nursed them and that they in the end would repay with death. All around the ship were mechanics running around frantically welding, tinkering and adjusting. Above them on an observation deck were the Scientists who controlled and planned the process. They walked around quietly discussing and formulating improvements and changes to be made. The level the white coat man and his companion stood on was one step higher than that. It was reserved only for those with the highest clearance and had often hosted the Emperor with his entourage. The man in the white coat continued \"But we pray to God that it will be.\"[Chapter 3] 2300 AC Planet Earth was gone. Her inhabitants had fled and now watched as she imploded. It was the 4th of July the year 3000. As they sat in their rooms in the newly finished space station they collectively felt a foreboding that as the planet died so did something integral within them die with her. Something they could never get back. Something that would haunt them forever. Something that perhaps even were their humanity.[Chapter 4] 2596 AC The day of her Coming of Age. She knew she had done well in school, excellent even. But when the proclamation came that she was to become a Scientist she was still surprised. As was expected of her she pressed out a happy, yet appropriately composed smile and said thank you. All as you were supposed to do. That she screamed, and screamed, and screamed when she later that night got back to her quarters nobody would ever know. Nobody could ever know. Defiance was the ultimate crime aboard the space station. She let out all her fear, anger and sorrow in those throat tearing screams. The next day she was met with jealous glances, hearty congratulations and a general sense that she had accomplished something great. In her head a steady chant of \"composed, composed, composed…\" looped. She accepted it all graciously. To err was not an option. When she was a very young girl she had become an orphan. That there had been a sad but small accident that had taken the life of her parents was the story. They thought she didn't remember. She did. The day she was born the Doctors had found something peculiar in her genetic makeup and dutifully reported it to the Scientists. She later heard her parents talk about it in quiet voices and they said the Scientist who had come to double check the finding had been excited . Even then, even though she didn't recognize the emotion she had heard the terror in her parents' voices at the Scientists joy. A happy Scientist was not a good sign she would learn. The years that followed her birth were full of Scientist appointments. At first a few every now and then, but as she grew they became more frequent. In the beginning the Scientists were careful with her. After a while as the impatience grew that stopped. She remember dreading the trips to the labs. Every step was impossible and although she knew better than to protest even then her cheeks were often wet as they reached their labs. The Scientist didn't say report it. She wished they had. They didn't care but didn't want the subject to be unavailable while it was punished. Blood; red and wet. Pain; flashing, tearing, pulsing, and never-ending. Machines. Scalpels. Instruments inserted and withdrawn. Her screams. SCREAMS. Frantic movements, attempts at escape from her restraints. Laughter? Laughter, their laughter. They feel happiness. Blood, dripping on the floor and in tubes. She went out the room a motionless doll, drained. Her parents fussed and cared. She recovered. Then it began again. And again. And again. And again. Each time a little worse. Each time harder to recover. Each time the red blood in her dreams grew. Finally her parents had enough and appealed to the Emperor. Xe ruled in the Scientists favor: her trips to the lab was to continue. When her parents refused to their great surprise there were no repercussion. The Guards came to their home and tried to persuade them, said that an Edict from the Emperor was law. It was in everybody's best interest they cooperate. But they would not relent. So they were left alone. She can't remember the length of time she had peace but she remember its sweetness. Then one day she woke up and everything was RED. Like her dreams her room was painted in it. She was drenched in it. Her parents lifeless bodies bathed in it and all around were Scientists. They were looking and looking and LOOKING. Then they left and the Guards came and ruled it an accident. She said she didn't remember. She was left alone by the Scientists after that. When her Day came and she was sorted Scientist she knew she had little choice. The sorting was managed by the Emperor's council. The Emperor was a role implemented after the Great War over 600 years ago. It wasn't a hereditary role, nor an elected one. Only the strongest could become Emperor so when the current leader became considered too old there was a competition. A blood sport – a fight to death. The winner, the killer of most, gained the title and from then on ruled ruthlessly. To deny the sorting was to deny the Emperor and that was inconceivable. She went through the day in a haze, memories of her time in the labs flashing past her eyes while she consoled her schoolmates who'd gotten a bad assignment. Objectively she knew that there were worse jobs to be assigned to. Courtesans who had no say in who they had to please and often came home black and blue. Or didn't come home at all if someone powerful enough took an interest and wanted them. Miners who had a life expectancy of only 25. Yet the force of her trauma gave her no relief and she knew that a life hurting others would one day break her as well. A week passed while she researched different sections she could be assigned to. There were other options than Anatomy, Genetics, or Bioengineering that she dreaded. Perhaps she would be chosen to work in Botany, Pharmaceutical, or Theoretical? There were no way she could avoid her Profession so her only relief was to hope. Foolishly hope. When they came to show her the new quarters she would live in she had managed to tamper her fears and put her old trauma in the back of her mind. She walked the hallways saying goodbye to her neighbors who wished her good luck. She smiled and loved them for all their ignorance of the true life of the ship. She even felt optimistic when she finally reached her dorm and when she fell asleep that night it was with a relaxed face – the first time since she got the assignment. She awoke with a start and RED. RED everywhere. She screamed. She understood. No one would miss her. Professions were kept separate. \"Welcome back Amira\" they said. And then they laughed.[Chapter 5] 3896 AC \"Fuel is down to 20%, food at 18%, critical level of inbreeding will soon be reached and I know I am not the only one who have heard the rumblings of discontent' Council member Quinn spoke with quiet aggression. 'It is time to do something!\" I propose we implement Gaia protocol immediately.\" A hush fell over the room at the suggestion. Several of the other council members looked distinctly uncomfortable. Quinn didn't care about their scruples, feelings was not of import, only actions mattered. The Gaia protocol had been in the woodwork for a long time. Planned and carefully suggested by a prominent Scientist who had found the opportunity and had the foresight to see how it could be utilized. It had been immediately shut down by council member Harper and council member Zion. The protocol was too brutal in their mind. Too inhumane. Quinn disagreed. The Scientist had discovered a distant planet that showed signs of being both inhabitable and of having conscious life forms. It had been diligently researched for the possibility of a landing and a peaceful meet and greet. Statistics had not been optimistic. Tests carried out determined that chances were that if they came into contact with the life forms of the planet it would likely be a catastrophe. The germs the Earthlings still carried with them from earth and the new ones refined on board the space station were aggressive and within days they would attack and kill most foreign life. \"We have discussed this before' council member Harper irritably said, 'we do not have the right to…\" Quinn interrupted: \"The right to what? Get an opportunity at survival? To maybe give a legacy to our children that are worth saving?\" The room was suddenly charged with tension. Harper was old, powerful and respected. Nobody had so openly been in opposition before. Quinn continued, softer this time: \"I understand what you are trying to say. Who are we to come and say that we deserve to live more? That we are a race worth saving and that the life on the planet is less worthy.\" It was a delicate process, to choose the right words. To tip the balance just so . \"But maybe… ', A brief hesitation, 'What we should ask ourselves is not why we are more worthy but why we don't even deserve a chance.\" The last words were spoken tenderly with all the pain and longing for a better life. A better world for them and their children. Of course Quinn felt none of these things, but only the others mattered. And they cared. It was time for the killing blow: \"The statistics were clear but they could be wrong. Nothing is definite until we reach the planet.\" An out, an excuse had been offered. Certainly the statistics weren't wrong, Quinn was well aware of that. Had double checked it personally even. However to get things moving the desirable way an incentive was needed. Now they could take the decision with a clean conscience. They could tell themselves the chance of stealing another's life was acceptable, after all there was a chance the foreign life forms could survive. A discussion began but Quinn didn't say much. They had been swayed in the right direction. When it was time to vote and council member Quinn's proposal was accepted there were no surprise. A decision had been reached. … The Planet was better than they had hoped. It had a plenitude of resources that they could harvest, mining started at once. It was changeable, so they moulded it into paradise. They used it as they had Earth and more. Because now they knew that the end of one home could be the beginning of another. The statistics were wrong though. It was much worse than anticipated. It was a massacre, all foreign life forms eradicated. They decided it was worth it.[Chapter 6] 4100 AC Quinn Jr was not an easy man to please but as he hobbled down the corridor with his crutch you could see that someone had done something very right. He had rose through the ranks of the Science department with frightening quickness when he was a young man. Backed with his father's power he was free to do whatever he wanted, say whatever he pleased, and unleash his unlimited ambition in his work. He had been the chairman of the Weaponized Biology department for over 50 years now and showed no signs of slowing down. Half running towards his labs he was unaware of his surroundings, of the curious looks and salutations from his inferiors. As for the screams that often tore through the different departments of the Science section he had never really been bothered by them. Why should he be? They were nothing. The specimens did what was necessary for the greater good and their sacrifice was what had advanced his research for all these years. It was thanks to the experiments made on them that now finally the breakthrough he had waited for had arrived. When he at last reached his labs his staff had all already gathered there. They knew what was expected of them and what would happen if they didn't obey. His oppressive presence swept into the room with purpose and orders were immediately dealt out: \"Amithy, give me the results! Johnson what are you doing lazing about, start preparing specimens for a test trial. Remember to take only the fresh ones, we need reliable results! Ming? Where is Ming? Oh there you are. From on you do not leave my side, understand? You will do every little menial thing I ask of you so that I will not be disturbed while I work.\" All this was said in a rapid monotone voice that bore no protest. \"And,' Quinn Jr slowly added. 'Do not dare to mention this to anyone outside this room, understand?! If this is leaked I will have each and every one of you euthanized.\" In a world where there were absolute power and no empty words they set to work just as he directed and without a word of protest. For the next few hours they were a flurry of activity while he confirmed the results and double checked the finding. It was with a held breath they awaited his judgement when he declared he was done. \"It was as I knew,' he said. 'The Amira experiments held critical information that will be the solution. The subject carried the gene that through the proper modification will help us perfect the formula to contain unnecessary emotions. Finally a compound can be prepared and distributed to our soldiers. The problem with combat hysteria will be removed and their efficiency will improve tenfold.\" The smug tone in his voice belied the serious consequences of this breakthrough. After the Gaia invasion success several powerful figures had pushed for further exploration and expansion of mankind. The new found freedom had a euphoric effect on many and drunk on their new found power and possibilities they wanted more. However when a trial run on a small planet in a neighboring system had gone awry those plans had to be revised. The attempt had not gone as smoothly as with Gaia. This time their bacteria had not done the job for them so they had to send in military troops. Coldblooded killing of the alien enemy had not been something the military men had been prepared for so they had rebelled and withdrawn despite order. This became known as \"battle hysteria\". The same happened with the three attempts thereafter. The soldiers showed their moral apprehension and were labelled as \"hysterics\". \"We will not rest until the compound is complete. When it is ready I will personally deliver it to the Emperor and we shall finally enter a golden age and create a human empire.\" At this thought his eyes lit up before sharpening: \"What are you doing just standing around?! GET TO WORK!\" With a last bellow he slumped back in his chair and hastily began to write to his son. The Emperor was getting older, soon there would be a new one crowned and his line would not let such a timed opportunity slip their hands. Quinn Jr was well aware of several undetectable poisons that would ensure triumph. His son would be Emperor Quinn and he would continue what Quinn Jr's father had started as he initiated the Gaia protocol. At no point did the thought of a compound that would inhabit the emotion of the soldiers bother him. Like his father before him and his son after him only ambition and gain entered his mind. Consequences were burdens for others to carry. When a year later human troops invaded another planet and unopposed annihilated the native inhabitants the only feeling he had was pride.[Chapter 7] 4296 AC She cried. They all cried. It was a cry of happiness, of success after a long struggle, of the knowledge that they had done something worthwhile. After man had been so long been confined to their fragile bodies, with no chance at escape when things went wrong they now had the solution. The previously quadriplegic man they had helped (SHE had helped) could now move his arms, legs, head, his every limb. His family radiated happiness and the man couldn't stop moving – as if it all were a dream. She could see the future. No more paralysis, blindness, amputations, or other physical chronic maladies. They could be cured. It was the greatest medical achievement in several hundred years. That all of this only could be achieved by transplanting the brain into an artificial body was a technicality. A controversial technicality certainly, but a technicality none the less. After all, how could helping people be dangerous?[Chapter 8] 4796 AC The machine moved with precise movements, a millimeter at a time as to not harm anything. It was as if it knew the importance that this went as it should. Cut after cut were placed with minute deliberation and opened the bodies in the right places. In the observatory the spectators held their breath as the final component was moved into its new home. If this succeeded… It would change everything. After everything seemingly went as it should the tense silence was broken for the first time in hours by a question. \"Sir, why that particular biological structure?\" the Technician asked his superior. It was the first thought that came to one's mind the first time you saw the body. The mass felt wrong and looked frighteningly inhuman. To transplant a human mind into it was frankly disturbing. His superior looked towards the new creature they had created and said dispassionately: \"It will make us better. It will make us great.\"[Chapter 9] Around 5797 AC They were Great. Unstoppable. Shedding their human flesh had been a blessing. Now they could move and TAKE unhindered whatever they wanted. The first overtaking by the military had been so deliciously smooth. Nothing could touch them, nothing could hurt them and effortlessly they acquired the new planet. Rewards for joining the army rose. More evolved, \"shed their skin\" as it was coined. It didn't take long before the powerful saw the benefits and joined those who had Shed. Soon it was mandatory. One after one humans went in for their shedding and came out as something… different. No one got to see their future bodies before the operation. Myth was that they were elf-like, ethereal, the ultimate beauty man had so long aspired to emulate. Truth was that there was nothing beautiful about those who had shed. The information to the citizens were that it was a purely physical transition. But nothing remained untouched by the Scientist by order of the Emperor. Amira protocol was implemented for all who transitioned, child, old, young, military, civilian, artist, mother, father, no one was left whole. The result was something they called Better. There were no more disputes, no more violence amongst themselves, no sadness. But nor were there any love, compassion, goodness or humanity. They were no longer individuals, no longer had they wills of their own. They were forever lost to the control of those who ruled.[Chapter 10] 6196 AC Endless. World after world. Race after race. Everything fell in their wake. Each victory a rush of triumph that echoed in the universe. They were the inevitable demise. The threat from whom there were no surrender, retreat or resistance. There had been attempts. The tiny humanoid race who had tried, tried so very hard to get a truce. They sent ambassadors who were never seen again. They preached love and acceptance to each other. They didn't make any resistance, believing violence were the ultimate sin – a way to tear your soul asunder. But the swarm had long ago left their emotion behind them. No concept of mercy, no concept of evil, only greed. The clever, oh so clever, race who had seen the swarm coming and fled. A neighboring planet was terraformed in secret and cloaked. They believed one planet would be enough, that they could escape. They were wrong. The swarm didn't pause, didn't ever stop, and were far too advanced to be tricked. In a heartbeat after the conquering of the first planet they came and no one was spared. Finally the race who fought back. Not peaceful, not clever, but brave. They sent their men, their women… their children. In every death they saw their end, how useless their efforts were. But they never gave up. For themselves, for their planet, for the rest of the universe they sacrificed. The swarm bred and filled their losses. Inevitable. Unfathomable. Endless.[Chapter 11] 6996 AC They had found a new Source. It looked little on the screen. Green and blue. Ready for the reaping. Hunger rose amongst the lower ranks, the higher ranks were full but greedy. The swarm was ready. Just another meal. Then they would move on. It was so small it would take but a moment to devour it whole. Somewhere Sometime Somehow a small whisper sounded in the universe: \"Earth…\" \"Home…\" \"Finally.\"[Chapter 12] 1996 AC When the aliens came the humans were unprepared for a fight, some even welcoming. When the biggest cities in the world were eradicated that changed and panic spread. The spaceships had impregnable shields, titans of war. Whatever the humans threw at them bounced back without even making a scratch. It wasn't until one small, bright human mind came up with an idea to create a Trojan horse and infect the mothership with a virus the tide turned. Suddenly the aliens were vulnerable and mankind got the advantage. When it was all over – every single alien killed and to be disposed of the President gathered his closest men in a secret conference. He took a breath and began the speech that would change everything: \"Reeling in the aftermath of this global war we must prepare…\" ","Summary":" 1996 AC \"…prepare for the future.\" The President spoke with a conviction that swayed his audience"},{"Movie":"Pirates! Band of Misfits","Title":"An Adventure With Pioneers","Author":"A. Kingsleigh","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9188763","Passage":"[Chapter 1] YEE-HAW! Howdy, partners! It's time to saddle up, grab your ten-gallon hats and ride into the sunset, because we're off on another rip-roarin' Pirates adventure, the likes of which you ain't never seen before! And now that I've gotten that out of my system, hello again. Out of all the ideas for Pirates fics I've had, this was the one I was most excited about. I even did a whole bunch of planning for it, and I pretty much never plan these things out ahead of time. But you didn't come here to read my rambling, so let's dive right in! DISCLAIMER: If it rings a bell, it's probably not mine. Most people can look at a cloud and make some shape out of it. The Albino Pirate, when sufficiently bored, could weave veritable epics from them. He was stretched out on the deck, one hand on the sleeping dodo at his side. Polly snored as he gently stroked her feathers, but he took no notice. His eyes were focused on the sky, and his mind was far away. The big cloud on the left was a flying boat, he had decided, and the little wisp sticking out was the most magnificent pirate in all the land. That pudgy gray one next to it was a dragon, and he was trying to run away with the pirate's friends in his razor-sharp claws. Don't worry! said the pirate, and his ship went flying after the mean old beast. Did they have dragons here in America? Wouldn't that be exciting! The flying boat was just about to catch up to the animal when a breeze swept across the image, scattering it. \"Don't go!\" Albino Pirate said, sitting up. \"I haven't gotten to the end yet!\" But the clouds had already dissipated into particles. More gray masses were lurching on the heels of the wind, darkening as they approached. From the distance came the barely audible rumble of thunder. A simian hand waved in front of the lad's face, followed by two notecards. MEETING. NOW. \"I'm coming, Mr. Bobo,\" Albino Pirate sighed. Picking himself up, he took one last glance at the remains of his imaginary adventure before hurrying to the captain's cabin. The Pirate Captain had been greatly pleased to discover that the ruthenium-to-doubloon exchange rate was indeed quite high. High enough, in fact, to fulfill a certain dream of his and outfit the boat with a set of wheels just like the Pirate King's. With those in place, he was free to pursue his other dream. That was what had led them west, to this forest of trees with thick trunks and little leaves — gold wasn't just buried here, it grew here. Enough to start a Pirate of the Year winning streak that would last for the rest of one's life. On that morning, the crew gathered around their captain's desk and watched him spread out a map covered with notes and scribbles. \"It's all a very tricky business, you see,\" he began, \"because sometimes you dig up gold and sometimes you dig up something that just fancies it's gold and wants to mingle with the real stuff...\" Not even half a year had passed since the last contest. We're getting a head start, the captain declared. Just a few weeks of work, and we'll have a hundred times what Bellamy can carry in that whale of his! Albino Pirate studied the map with wide, eager eyes, the captain's words going into one of his ears and sailing out the other. One could find plenty of gold on the ships and islands they constantly passed, but this — this was someplace no pirate had ever been before. How could there not be a grand adventure of some sort here, just waiting to be happened upon? \"I've got it narrowed down to these spots,\" the captain continued, pointing at two hills which he had marked with Xs. Drawing a line in the air, he sliced the desk in two. \"Half of us take the one to the north, half of us take the one to the east.\" This left Albino Pirate, who stood across from him, in the middle. \"What can I do, Captain?\" For a moment, the Pirate Captain did not answer. Instead he began to fidget and clear his throat many times. \"There's this...this very important job I want you to do.\" The Pirate With A Scarf sighed. \"Here it comes...\" Albino Pirate took note of this. \"What's wrong? Is it something dangerous?\" \"Oh, no, not in the least,\" said the captain. \"I want you to stay here and guard the boat.\" The boy's face briefly remained frozen in its cheerful smile, as though waiting for the real assignment. As he realized that he was not mistaken, the smile drooped. \"Someone has to, you know,\" the captain added. \"We can't just leave her unattended for a whole day. There's Americans around, who knows what might happen?\" \"But I want to — \" \"That's an order, lad!\" Albino Pirate looked to his friends for assistance, but they only averted their eyes. \"...Yes, Captain.\" The captain appeared equally uncomfortable. \"Er...good. We'll see you this evening, then. The rest of you come along.\" \"Ye'll be fine,\" Pirate With Gout said, patting the boy's shoulder as the others filed past. \"Perhaps Polly can keep ya company.\" Albino Pirate nodded, but otherwise did nothing. The Pirate With A Scarf waited until they were off the ship to speak. \"Sir, there aren't any towns around for miles.\" \"I know,\" the captain finished. \"What I didn't know is how to go about telling him the news. You can't make him the slightest bit unhappy without feeling perfectly horrid.\" \"We can still bring him along. It isn't that hard to stop him from wandering off.\" \"I don't want what happened to him in London to happen again, Number Two!\" \"Why don't you tell him so?\" \"It wouldn't be enough of a reason for him. You know that.\" For once, Pirate With A Scarf did not have a thing to say in response. He could still remember that week with an unnerving amount of clarity. \"...Do you think I'm doing the right thing, Number Two?\" \"I can't say I don't.\" Sticking his head out from a gun port, Albino Pirate watched as the crew split in half and went its separate ways, soon disappearing into the trees. Polly brushed against his legs, cooing. The boy sat down and began to pet her. \"I wish we could have an adventure, Polly.\" As time passed, it brought the now-black storm clouds. Night came early as they covered the sun. The rain they emitted came gradually at first, but it wasn't long before gallons were tumbling down and thunder was crashing all around. Albino Pirate awoke with a jolt. The floor was wet, and Polly was no longer under his arm. Water poured through the open hatch into the hold, and several blue feathers floated in a puddle just beneath it. \"Polly!\" he cried, struggling up the ladder and onto the deck. A burst of icy wind nearly knocked him over, and he flinched at a flash of lightning. \"Polly, where are you?\" he said as he strained to see through the downpour. Another lightning flash illuminated the lifeboat which hung precariously from the port side, above a swift, foaming river. There stood Polly, pushing up the tarp and wiggling her way under it. \"Come out of there, Polly!\" Approaching the side of the ship, Albino Pirate carefully jumped down from the deck to the tarp. The rotting wood and rusted metal of the pulley squeaked, barely able to contain this sudden weight. One corner of the tarp was loose, and he crawled under this into the cool darkness of the lifeboat. Polly was curled under a bench, wide-eyed and shivering. \"It's only a little rain, Polly,\" he told her. \"Nothing bad's going to happen.\" Another gust of wind came roaring in, and the old pulley finally snapped. Albino Pirate screamed as the lifeboat fell downwards and hit the river. It picked up speed, lurching up and down in a quick, sickening rhythm. Water sprayed in from the loose tarp, and the timbers rattled with each motion of the rapids. The boy and the dodo could only cover their heads and shut their eyes as their craft slammed into rocks, spun around and was swept away.[Chapter 2] DISCLAIMER: If you recognize it, I don't own it. On the heels of the departing storm came sunrise and mud — but mostly mud. Mud which made it nearly impossible to walk without having to continually pull one's feet out of the ground. Mud which clung to the pirates as they trudged fruitlessly along. Mud which had grabbed the Pirate Ship's front wheels and was slowly dragging it down bow-first. \"It'll take us all mornin' to get 'er out!\" \"More like all day.\" \"More like all week.\" \"Have an hour's leave,\" the captain told them. \"I'll get the ropes ready.\" They were sprawled out on the deck in half a second. \"Ahoy, Albino Pirate!\" the captain called out as he climbed down into the hold. \"We've returned!\" Surely the lad and Polly would lift the crew's spirits. There was no sign of the boy, only a layer of ankle-deep water covering the floor. \"...I wouldn't call it a disappointing haul! Of course, you need to actually have a haul to call it disappointing...\" Still no answer. \"Cap'n!\" Pirate With Gout yelled. \"Cap'n, ya ought to examine this!\" He and the others were alert now, crowding together and talking in low whispers. \"Did you find them?\" the captain demanded as he rushed back. At first, they stared at him only with confusion. Then their eyes widened with realization and horror. Mr. Bobo pointed a trembling finger to the deck. A line of little, wet barefoot prints and the occasional blue feather traveled from the hold hatch to the starboard side of the ship, where the lifeboat was supposed to be hanging. Only the jagged stumps of the pulleys remained. The rumbling of the rapids below left no doubt as to where the rest had fallen. The muscles of the captain's face tightened as his gaze followed the trail. When he laid eyes upon the wreckage, the color drained from his face. \"...I want you all to prepare for a search at once,\" he finally said. \"Number Two, I'd like a word.\" The Pirate Who Likes Sunsets And Kittens climbed up to the crow's nest for a better look at the land, while the others went to the hold to gather supplies. \"Sir?\" Pirate With A Scarf said, putting his hand on the captain's shoulder. \"What do you need?\" \"Isn't this the part where you cheer me up, Number Two?\" \"Well...I suppose there's a chance he's...\" \"Yes?\" Alive, he thought. \"Not far off,\" he said. \"Perhaps the boat caught on something. That river can't go on forever.\" He awoke to the sensation of something hard tapping gently on his face, followed by a soft cooing in his ear. \"Not yet, Polly,\" the Albino Pirate said, cracking his eyes open a sliver. There was some sort of cloth hanging above him, but he was too groggy to pay it any mind. The dodo answered with a loud, persistent squawk and started to headbutt his torso. \"It's much too early...\" Polly's claws clacked on the wood of the floor as she waddled off. Sighing, he began to drift off again — wait a moment, how had she been able to reach him from the floor? And how did that cloth get up there? He flinched as Polly tore the cloth away, letting a large, white light shine straight onto his delicate skin and eyes. \"Put it out!\" he exclaimed, flailing around in an attempt to escape this new disturbance. As he sat up, he grabbed the edge of the lifeboat...the lifeboat? Everything came back in an instant. Suddenly awake, Albino Pirate grabbed Polly, dove back under the tarp and crawled to the back of the boat. \"Where are we, Polly...?\" They listened. No thunder or rapids, nor monsters with a taste for albino lads and dodos. Only birdsong and the quiet sloshing of water as it lapped against the walls of the boat. Gulping, the boy crawled back to the uncovered end of the boat and poked his head out into the world. Their vessel was floating in the middle of a wide lake, its waters placid and clear. Albino Pirate could see its pebbly bottom, and the gray fish that swam beneath and around the boat. The strange trees were clustered all about the water, concealing the various birds chirping out their morning songs. Mr. Darwin would be having a wonderful time learning them all, he thought as he tried to whistle along. Polly was looking in the other direction, squawking with fascination at something on the shore. On the grass just beyond the rocky beach sat a big wagon, the kind with the roof that the captain had shown them all pictures of. Albino Pirate grabbed one of the oars in the bottom of the boat. \"Hello there!\" he called out as he began paddling to land. \"Could you tell us where we are, perchance?\" As he neared, however, he realized that something was very wrong. The back end of the wagon was sagging, and all four of the wheels were beginning to rot. There weren't any people about, nor animals attached to the wagon. He quickly jumped from the boat, only to yelp as the rocks poked his bare feet. Tiptoeing across the stones and avoiding the sharper ones, he stepped onto the grass, approached the back of the wagon and peered inside. \"Is anyone here?\" It had been abandoned, no doubt. All he found inside were a few overturned sacks, some barrels and boxes, a little wicker basket and an old leather chest. From one of the sacks spilled a number of yellow apples. No harm in having a little breakfast, Albino Pirate thought, and his stomach loudly agreed with the sentiment. The apples were sweet and made a fine crunch when bit into. Another sack contained a grainy bread of sorts, and an opened box contained several tins of Polly's favorite biscuits. In the barrels were blocks of cheese with holes in them and strips of unfamiliar meat packed in salt which were so tough that he could hardly chew them. After eating his fill, Albino Pirate opened the trunk. Beneath the wool blankets sat shirts, trousers, a dress or two, and a hat — a white, wide-brimmed ten gallon hat with a band of blue and white gingham, just sitting there in the bottom of the chest. Does it really hold ten gallons? He picked it up and placed it on his own head. It came down over his eyes a bit, but it shaded him well. Pushing the brim up, he looked back inside the chest and found another treasure; thick little cowboy boots of a bright red hue. These he also tried on, and they fit him perfectly. How grand he must look! If only the others could see! His grin faded. They must be terribly worried about me by now. I know! I'll find that river and go back to where we started! He filled the basket with some of the food and went back towards the boat. \"Come along, Polly!\" Polly squawked in response, but she didn't appear. \"Polly, we're leaving now!\" he called, looking around for a sign of her. To the left of the wagon and framed by the trees was a ledge jutting out over the unknown. On it sat Polly, seemingly waiting for him to notice this. Albino Pirate followed her. \"What are you... oh...!\" His jaw dropped, and his grin returned wider than ever as he marveled at the view before them. The forest ended at the cliff and turned to a dusty plain that stretched as far as one could see. Shrubs and rocks dotted the landscape, drawing their eyes to the gargantuan towers of red rock on the horizon. Carved from the cliffside were weather-beaten platforms that descended into this new world. For a moment just long enough to make a decision in, Albino Pirate forgot all about going home — right away, at least. With the basket in one arm and Polly in the other, he began making his way to the ground. Maybe he was going to have an adventure after all... Hello. Yes, contrary to popular opinion, I am still alive. My old computer, however, is not. It finally dropped dead on me after two and a half years, and it was a week before I could finally get a new one. I feel kind of bad giving you guys a chapter where not much actually happens. But I think the next one will be better, or at least more interesting. Who wants to join me in finding out what happens when I put actual effort into an OC? :D Until next time! ~ A. Kingsleigh[Chapter 3] Hello, my pretties! Before we begin, I'd like to direct your attention to the awesome picture I'm now using as my cover, which was drawn by Chill13 for the last chapter. If you're reading this, then thanks again! If you like that, then go to Deviantart and search for the other great pictures and stories Chill has made. They're some of the best stuff in that wing of the Pirates fandom, in my opinion. And on that note, let's get on with the story! DISCLAIMER: If you recognize it, I don't own it. \"Only another minute. For goodness sakes, girls, hold still.\" Jennifer stiffened further, attempting in vain to quell the quivering of her hands. Her fingers ached as her eyes darted between the camera and the offending sight. It was only an inch or two away...perhaps she could smooth it without them noticing — \"That should be enough,\" her uncle said. Beatrice's false smile vanished in an instant as she rose from her place on the sofa, dropping the paper flowers she had been made to hold and making a beeline for the parlor door. \"Oh, no you don't!\" Jennifer shrieked as she leapt up, snatching her little sister with one hand and trying to grab the daguerreotype with the other. \"We have to make another one!\" Her uncle gave her a look. \"Why?\" \"There was a wrinkle!\" she exclaimed, gesturing to the skirt of her lacy, flowing white gown. \"It wouldn't do to send it to Father.\" \"He'll hardly notice it, Jennifer.\" She sat down on the sofa, crossed her arms and began to pout. \"Very well...\" Beatrice returned to looking sullen while Jennifer smirked. \"...this evening. I have to go out to the work site.\" \"What am I supposed to do until then?\" \"You promised we'd go on a picnic today,\" Beatrice answered. \"When did I — \" \"Magnificent! I'll let you two take care of it.\" \"Uncle, you can't be serious...!\" He was already leaving, however, waving a hand as though brushing the problem away. Sinking back in the sofa, Jennifer glared at Beatrice. \"Liar.\" The seven year-old stared back, apathy in her dull gray eyes. Jennifer rose with a sigh. \"We'll go through town.\" It would give her pleasure to show off her new dress. My Dear Father, I am counting the days until summer ends. Never have I wished more to be back at boarding school than I do now. Life in the Territory suits me not. No visitors, only the barest of amenities and the locals are ever so unpleasant. With all due respect, I do not think it shall ever be civilized, even once your railroad is complete. Beatrice remains ill-tempered, and Uncle Phineas has very little time for us. Have you any inkling of when Congress shall conclude its business? Write to me of what you know, and send for us as soon as you return to New York. Or better yet, come to take us home yourself; I miss you terribly. We have received the dresses you sent us, and I am most happy with mine. Do you think I should wear it at my debutante ball this winter? I should very much like to. Beatrice and I send our love, and we hope to hear from you soon. Your Dutiful Daughter, Jennifer \"What do you think that is, Jenny?\" \"Hmm?\" \"That,\" Beatrice said, pointing at a blue something rustling in one of the grass patches. \"Yes, yes, of course,\" Jennifer answered, not looking up from her letter. Beatrice regarded her for a moment, and then left her sitting on the blanket amidst the blanket and empty plates. The creature squawked and ran from one patch to another when she approached it — a bird, to be sure, but a most unusual one. Its wings looked too little for its body. Can it fly? Beatrice wondered as she came near again. Evidently not, for it ran off across the plain as fast as its legs could carry it. She rushed after it, her reddish-brown curls bouncing up and down. The bird kicked up a trail of dust as it ran, sliding down a gentle slope into a labyrinthine cluster of red rocks. Beatrice weaved her way through the crevices, following the sound of its squawks. \"I'm not going to hurt you!\" she called out after it. \"Do stop!\" Squeezing through a narrow crevice, she stumbled out into the open to find that the bird had indeed halted. It regarded her with wide eyes as it inched backwards, ready to bolt at the slightest hint of aggression. I think I've seen it before, she thought. In my history book. Ruffling its feathers, it moved away from her again — this time, however, at a mere trot. She pursued it at a distance, watching it walk to a stout little hill with a hole in the side. As it continued to squawk, Beatrice's eye fell upon the ring of stones outside the opening of the cave, and the timid fire smoldering within it. \"There you are, Polly! Whatever have you been up to?\" Beatrice jumped back with a scream as a ghastly-looking being emerged from the cave. Perhaps it was a ghost; his skin was of a deathly pallor, he was dressed in rags and his eyes were red as a demon's. She froze where she stood, eyes wide and hands over mouth. The stranger backed up in surprise upon seeing her, but he soon calmed himself. \"Oh, hello,\" he said, smiling. \"Have you made friends with Polly?\" She didn't move, far too frightened to answer and far too fascinated to flee. \"I don't bite,\" he said, his grin persisting. \"Not most of the time.\" Taking a few steps forward, Beatrice reached out a hand and tapped him. \"...You're real.\" \"Why wouldn't I be?\" \"You look strange. Like a ghost.\" \"Oh, no, ghosts are different. You can see through them.\" \"And you sound funny.\" \"Well, so do you.\" \"And your bird is strange.\" At this he seemed to take offense. \"Polly's not strange! She's special. She's a dodo.\" \"Really?\" Beatrice exclaimed, the word escaping her mouth before she could stop it. \"The last one there is,\" said the stranger. \"But you mustn't tell! It's a secret!\" \"Why?\" \"Because someone might take her away from the captain again, of course.\" \"Who's the captain?\" He looked surprised. \"Why, the Pirate Captain! Haven't you heard of him? He's the greatest terror of the seas there's ever been! I imagine he's around here looking for me. I'm part of his crew, you see. I'm the Albino Pirate. What's your name?\" \"...Beatrice.\" Her fear was fading away, and more curiosity was taking its place. \"There can't be pirates here. Pirates sail around in ships.\" \"Our ship can sail on land,\" Albino Pirate said with pride. \"Captain fixed it to do that so he could come here looking for gold. He's going to win the Pirate of the Year Award! That's what they give to the pirate who has the most treasure...\" He continued to ramble, and Beatrice hung to his every word. \"Beatrice! Beatrice, come back here this instant! You're going to ruin your dress!\" Picking up her skirts, Jennifer hauled herself up yet another hill and halfheartedly scanned her surroundings for a sign of her sister. It wouldn't be that surprising if she didn't come back...or unpleasant... \"Hello!\" She whipped around only to find herself staring into a pair of red eyes, and she lost her footing as she cried out. The Albino Pirate, Beatrice and Polly watched as she tumbled screaming down the hill and landed face first in a puddle of mud. She slowly pushed herself up, spitting out the thick mixture and staring in horror at her ruined dress. \"...You...you...\" \"You must be Jenny,\" Albino Pirate said as he hurried down and tried to brush her off. \"Your sister said you'd be here. My name's Albino Pirate.\" Jennifer pushed his hand away. \"Beatrice,\" she said with barely concealed rage, \"what is this thing and why didn't you leave it where you found it?\" \"He's a person,\" Beatrice answered. \"He's looking for his pirate friends.\" \"Well, they certainly aren't anywhere around here!\" Jennifer said as she grabbed Beatrice's arm and began to drag her away. \"Ugh, I have to walk through town in this state, and it's all your fault...\" Albino Pirate followed them. \"What town?\" \"The town we live next to,\" Beatrice said, pulling away from Jennifer and going back to him. \"You would like it, I think.\" \"Is it far?\" \"Yes — \" \"Only a few minutes' walk,\" said Beatrice. \"I'll show you.\" Albino Pirate and Polly followed her as she walked off. Jennifer's face began to turn red. \"They won't like you!\" she finally yelled after them. \"They don't like anyone! Certainly not freaks!\" Albino Pirate looked at the ground. \"She's only joking, isn't she?\" \"Don't worry,\" said Beatrice, coming close to managing an actual smile. \"No one really listens to her, anyway.\" They headed back towards the remains of the picnic, Jennifer giving them a death glare all the way.[Chapter 4] DISCLAIMER: If you recognize it, I don't own it. BLUE MUD, the rotting wooden signpost read. POPULATION: 100-ISH. Beyond that, two rows of buildings rose out of the dirt. Some had been painted once, but you couldn't have told if not for the peeling patches that remained. The water tower creaked and rocked slightly under the force of the light breeze. Locks ran up and down the front doors of the bank. One of the saloon doors was missing, and the other had rusted away from its top hinge. From within, the flat notes of a lifeless piano waltz drifted out into the street. People would stop and listen with blank stares until the music was cut short by a \"Shut up!\" and the angry tinkle of breaking glass, after which they would droop their heads and shuffle on. Through one of the many busted windows came the whistling of the undertaker as he polished his coffins. At the edge of town stood a wagon packed to its gills and hooked to a pair of thin oxen. The children sat atop the mass of furniture, watching as their parents checked the wheels and climbed onto the drivers' bench. They were off with a flick of the reins, plowing up the grayish-blue earth beneath the brown as they rolled out of sight. Sheriff Hedley sat in the rocking chair on his porch and watched them go from beneath the brim of his brown hat. He watched everything, for there was little else he could do. He was wrinkled and a little portly, with shaggy gray hair and an equally gray mustache that drooped down about his lips. There was a sullen glare in his right eye and a black eyepatch over the socket where the left one had been. \"It's a pity,\" said Phineas, who sat beside him. \"All this work and we're going to end up with a railroad that goes to a ghost town. You know, James, I've half a mind to put up someone against you in the next election.\" Taking his cigar out of his mouth, Sheriff Hedley turned to his companion and blew a ring of smoke in his face. \"You keep to your end of business, Mr. Winters,\" he drawled, \"an' I'll keep to mine.\" Coughing, Phineas shot him a cold look and returned to watching the townspeople. All of a sudden, something caught his eye. He grew tense as he stood up and looked down the road with wide eyes and a dropped jaw. \"Jennifer!\" he shrieked. \"What on earth happened?\" Sheriff Hedley jerked to attention and looked in the same direction, only to lean back with a snort as he saw the real problem. Phineas's niece was stomping towards them, her dress caked in drying mud and its hem dragging in the dirt. \"Don't shout,\" he said. \"Y'all gonna make everyone think it's somethin' serious.\" Meanwhile, Albino Pirate and Beatrice were far behind her. The former flitted about in wonder, darting towards whatever happened to catch his eye. \"Ahoy!\" he chirped to the people he passed. They responded with confused and vaguely revolted stares, and woman backed away when he held out his hand in greeting. \"What was that for?\" he asked Beatrice, his smile shrinking a bit. \"She just hasn't seen anyone like you before, I suppose...\" \"Oh, I see!\" he answered. \"Captain did say we were the first pirates to come here.\" \"Beatrice!\" Jennifer screamed at them from across the street. \"Bring those creatures here at once!\" Beatrice hesitated, but Albino Pirate picked up Polly and went to her. \"Are these friends of yours?\" he asked, staring up at the two men. Phineas wrinkled his nose at the sight. \"I take it that this is what you were speaking of, Jennifer?\" \"Yes,\" she answered. \"Sheriff, this scoundrel has ruined my day. Punish it at once.\" The sheriff's bushy eyebrows raised as he studied Albino Pirate. \"Strange colorin' you got there, boy. Where you been lately? Sun bleach ya?\" \"No, sir. The Pirate With A Scarf says it's quite natural. I'm the Albino Pirate, by the way. Are you a pirate, too?\" \"Hmm?\" \"You've got an eyepatch!\" The glare in Sheriff Hedley's remaining eye grew more sullen. \"Why are you here, boy?\" He thought about it for a moment. \"Well, my friends and I came here to look for gold, but then Polly and I got left on the boat and a storm came along so we hid in the lifeboat and the lifeboat broke off and landed in the river and the river carried us off to a lake and next to that lake was the wagon where I found my hat and boots and then we found this big desert and we went exploring and found a cave and then Polly went exploring by herself and brought back Miss Beatrice and Miss Beatrice showed me to Miss Jenny — \" \"Jennifer.\" \"Miss Beatrice showed me to Miss Jennifer and then she said I ought to come see the town so here I am!\" He finally stopped for a breath, his broad grin not having faded in the least. Phineas leaned over to the sheriff. \"They sent him, I'm sure of it,\" he whispered. \"Don't you think so?\" He ain't from 'round here, the sheriff thought. Too happy. \"Well?\" Sheriff Hedley cleared his throat. \"Now see here, boy, we've been havin' a whole mess of trouble 'round these parts lately. Can't let just anyone in. So Mr. Winters here thinks I should keep you here until we figure out what to do with — \" A loud rattling rose up from somewhere behind the row of buildings, and the sheriff's words were drowned out by a shrill whistle and a deafening BOOM that shook the ground and nearly toppled the water tower. The people on the street screamed and ran for cover, but Sheriff Hedley only sighed. \"Not again...\" Thick, black smoke was pouring from between the cracks of the old wooden barn on the outskirts of town. Half the roof was sagging, and the whole thing rumbled with the sound of churning pistons. A faded, neatly-printed sign had been nailed to the door — Residence of Dr. Heinrich Wechsler, Contraptionist. Next to that was an equally faded but much less dignified notice; DANGER. STAY AWAY BY ORDER OF SHERIFF. Sheriff Hedley blew past the sign and into the barn, followed by Phineas and the children. \"Doc!\" he yelled over the racket, coughing from the smoke. \"Doc, git over here!\" A voice rang out from the haze. \"Nur einen Augenblick!\" With a hiss, the pistons slowed and fell silent. The roof creaked as part of it slid inwards to form a skylight. As the smoke rose up and traveled outside, the interior of the barn cleared up and revealed itself to be a cluttered mess. Tables were scattered across the floor, overflowing with various objects. Hammers, screwdrivers, springs, nuts and bolts, gears, microscopes, magnifying glasses, twisted flasks that sat on burners and held bubbling multicolored liquid, piles of rusty scrap formed into bizarre shapes and gadgets. Drawings were tacked up like wallpaper, some huge; from them sprang images of airships, palaces of glass, people made of metal with light bulbs for eyes, gigantic balloons holding up cities...and some were just doodles. In the center of the floor was a large platform, and on that platform sat a something — that was the only proper word for it. A frame of iron with four wheels attached held it up, a sofa was placed atop this and the whole contraption was surrounded by a shell of welded metal. It faintly resembled a wagon in some places, but there was no place to harness the animals. Instead, another block of iron spewing pipes and pistons jutted out from the back. One especially thin pipe curved around the side of the machine and attached to a steam whistle stuck on the side. The roof slid back into place, and the voice reappeared. \"It verks! It verks!\" It belonged to a wiry, little old man standing in the hayloft, his hand on a lever in the wall. His messy hair and neatly trimmed beard and mustache were equally gray, his suit was a shabby brown and a pair of spectacles with thick lenses balanced on the tip of his nose. Sliding down the ladder, he stumbled through the clutter to his visitors. \"You haf come to see it, yes? Or do you require somesink fixed?\" Sheriff Hedley rolled his eyes. \"Doc, the people here got enough reasons to be scared already. You said you were gonna lay low.\" \"I haf! But allowances must be made for strokes of inshpiration!\" Dr. Wechsler answered, gesturing to the machine on the platform. \"It came to me last night; zee image of a karriage vithout zee need of horses to pull it! Its power is contained vithin, and it moves of its own accord! Is zee thought not vonderful?\" \"I don't believe you,\" Phineas said with a sneer. \"It looks more like some sort of explosive. Where was that noise coming from?\" \"Oh, zat vas only zee vhistle,\" Wechsler said as he tapped the object in question. \"No matter vat I do, zee engine overloads venever I blow it. Here, I vill demonstrate — \" \"You already did, Doc.\" \"...Why don't you just not use a whistle, then?\" \"Vat did you say?\" Dr. Wechsler demanded, his neck swiveling about in search of the voice. Albino Pirate rose up from behind the vehicle. \"Maybe you could use a bell instead, sir. They're very loud, and you wouldn't need your engine to use it!\" \"Don't help him, boy!\" Phineas snapped, but it was too late. \"Goen!\" the inventor exclaimed, clapping his hands. \"Vy did I not sink of it in zee first place? How did you sink of it, Kind?\" Albino Pirate shrugged. \"It reminds me of the engine that makes our boat go on land. Captain says we shouldn't make it too tired or it wouldn't work anymore.\" Wechsler's eyes bugged out. \"You haf a boat zat sails on land?\" \"The captain does, and I'm part of his crew, so I suppose I do.\" \"Do tell me of it!\" \"Well, there's an engine like yours belowdecks that hooked up to these wheels, and when you press a button, the wheels come out the bottom and when you press another button...\" Wechsler grabbed some paper and pencils and started to scribble, while Phineas and Jennifer grabbed Beatrice and slowly backed towards the barn door. Sheriff Hedley stayed where he was, watching the boy and the contraptionist chatter on. \"Say, Doc?\" he asked. \"Weren't you goin' on 'bout wantin' a helper? 'Cause this boy here...what was your name?\" \"Albino Pirate.\" \"He's lost his folks, y'see, an' he needs someplace to stay awhile. You ain't too busy, so...?\" \"James!\" Wechsler looked the boy over. \"Vat can you do vell, Kind?\" \"I can swab and fetch things, and Captain says I'm a source of morale. Whatever that means. Might I be allowed to keep Polly?\" he added, picking up the dodo. \"Of course you may! Let us see, vee shall haf to make some room in zee loft...\" \"I'll leave y'all to it, then,\" Sheriff Hedley said. He saw that the Winters clan had already fled when he turned around, and for the first time that day, he cracked a smile. \"Two undesirables!\" Phineas muttered under his breath as the trio trudged up the path to their mansion on the hill. \"And under the same roof...!\" \"I think it's nice,\" said Beatrice. Phineas grabbed her ear and pulled her along by it. \"You're not to see him again. Either of you.\" \"Do as Uncle says, Beatrice,\" Jennifer said. Rage was quietly stewing within her as she looked down at her dress again. Father will be hearing about this in great detail.[Chapter 5] DISCLAIMER: If you recognize it, I don't own it. Eeeeeeeeee. The branch sagged under the Pirate Captain's weight, creaking out its displeasure with him. When he tried to move, it only eeee d louder and cracked a bit. \"Do you see anything, Number Two?\" he yelled to the upper level of the tree as he attempted to steady himself. \"Not yet, sir!\" his first mate answered. Sighing, he raised his spyglass back up to his eye and kept looking down the river. Perhaps the lifeboat had run aground? If not, exactly how far did this thing go? And what the devil was taking the others so long with the boat? \"Captain? Captain, are you up there?\" He cast his eyes downwards, where Charles and the rest of the crew were staring back at him. Most were out of breath, and they all had dirt-covered boots and drooping shoulders. \"Ah, there you are!\" he exclaimed. \"I want some good news out of you, Chuck!\" Charles was quiet for a moment. \"Er...well...in that case, we've certainly made progress on freeing the boat!\" \"Meanin' that we've moved it about an inch,\" Emma added. Eeeeeeeee. \"Oh, for the love of — \" \"Captain!\" the Pirate With A Scarf shouted. \"I've found something!\" \"What is it?\" \"Looks like we'll hit a lake if we follow the river five more miles. There's a lifeboat on the shore!\" The captain jumped at a branch overhead, trying to climb up. \"Is there anything else?\" \"Hold on...I-I think I can see him, sir!\" \"Wait there, I'm — \" EEEEEEEEEE! With a final screech, the branch snapped and sent the Pirate Captain plummeting to earth. He collided with several more boughs before landing flat on his back with a beard full of leaves and the breath knocked out of his lungs. \"I'm alright!\" he said, jumping up as the others crowded around him. \"No time to worry about me anyway! Number Two's found them!\" With no further explanation needed, he sprinted off down the river while the others followed close behind. Up in the treetops, the Pirate With A Scarf had his spyglass trained on a closer section of the river. What on earth are those? \"Captain?\" he said as he climbed down the tree. \"Captain, there's something else out there...!\" The group was approaching a bend in the river when the Pirate With A Scarf finally caught up to them. \"How far did you say it was, Number Two?\" the captain asked. \"A few miles, but — \" \"Perfect! he answered, leading them around the curve. \"Wouldn't know what I'd do without... Neptune's femur!\" Fording the river and blocking the path was a herd of the strangest animals he had ever laid eyes on. Giant, bulky cow-like creatures with stubby horns and shaggy brown hair, plodding along in a straight line with no acknowledgement of their fellow travelers. Looking back, the captain noted that most of his crew was as befuddled as he. \"Ah...everything's under control!\" he told them. \"It's only some...er...\" \"Bison,\" Charles said. \"Exactly what I was about to say! Nothing to be frightened of. The thing to do is wait them out.\" \"Captain, they're known to move in rather large herds...\" \"We'll see. They can't be terribly large, can they?\" -Several Hours Later- \" ... Okay, perhaps they can.\" The sun was now quite high in the sky, and the line of bison still persisted with no sign of thinning out. The pirates were lying about in various forms of listlessness, and the captain was wearing a rut into the ground as he paced and muttered. There had to be some way of getting them to hurry up. You certainly don't fright easily, he thought as he observed the procession. Roaring had done nothing. Gunshots might have worked if he'd been able to remember where in his beard the gun was. Perhaps something equally loud? After a bit of rummaging through his beard, he pulled out an air horn. Raising it over his head, he pressed the button as hard as he could. The pirates bolted upright screaming and ducked as the bison scattered in all directions, some jumping right over their heads. In a matter of seconds, they had all vanished into the forest. The captain laughed. \"Now why didn't I think of that before?\" MY. T HOUGHTS. EXACTLY. \"Well, come on!\" he commanded, crossing the trail of hoof tracks and continuing down towards the lake. \"They're probably wondering what's taken us so long by now!\" They staggered to their feet and trudged after him. The Pirate With A Scarf was the last to follow, shaking his head and looking at the ground. You know what he's like, Captain. As their footsteps faded away, a big, shaggy head poked its head out of the shadows and stared after them. It had to find out what that noise was. It was noon by the time they finally stumbled onto the shores of the lake. Their lifeboat was still there, but all that remained of their lad was a trail of little footprints. Up the rocks and across the grass they went, ending at an abandoned covered wagon. \"Quite a sight, isn't it, Albino Pirate?\" the captain said as he stepped inside. \"Plenty more to do, so come out now.\" The only sound came from the wind chimes tied to a beam. \"Now I know you like hide and seek, but it's time to be on our way.\" Noticing a barrel with a cracked lid, he pulled it open. \"Found you!\" Empty. The Pirate With A Scarf came up behind him. \"Captain...\" \"You said you saw him.\" \"Captain, that was hours ago.\" \"He doesn't wonder off at just anything!\" The Pirate With Gout, meanwhile, had been examining the ground. \"More tracks, Cap'n!\" he exclaimed. They were bootprints now, but the size was still the same. They led away from the wagon and onto a ledge in the corner of the clearing, following a set of bird tracks. The others were already there, peering over the edges. \"See what I mean?\" the captain said, his smile returning as they joined the rest of the crew. \"It has to be something interesting — this is something interesting and not horrible, isn't it?\" \"...Little bit o' both...\" Their jaws all dropped at the sight of the endless plain which spread out below them, and at the bootprints venturing down into it. The ground might as well have opened up and swallowed their lad. \"You're not going to just stand there and fret, are you?\" the Pirate Captain said. \"We still have his tracks!\" His words had barely left his mouth when a wind picked up and, as though Neptune himself was reveling in their distress, began to blow the marks away before their eyes. The corners of the captain's smile twitched violently, but the smile itself remained. \"Alright...I suppose we should get on it, then.\" \"But how are we supposed to start?\" \"We won't get far without the boat, now will we?\" The wheels of the boat had sunk back into the mud an inch, maybe a little bit more. The pirates came close to collapsing at the sight of it either way. \"Oh, could be worse,\" the captain said, putting on a smirk of authority. \"Didn't you use the ropes?\" \"That was Plan A,\" Charles answered as he gestured to the mud-drenched ropes that still hung from the stern. The smirk drooped and vanished. \"Did you stick a plank under it?\" \"Plan B.\" \"Did you push it...?\" \"Captain.\" \"Right, forgetting that. The real problem,\" he continued, \"is the lack of proper force...\" The other crew members were all looking at something behind their captain. \"Sir?\" the Pirate With A Scarf said, a less than subtle tone of urgency in his voice. \"You have something?\" \"Sir, I think you should turn around very, very slowly.\" The captain spun about on his heel. Not much of an... AAAAAHHHH!\" He jumped up a foot and scurried backwards, for centimeters — nay, millimeters — from his face was the largest bison he had ever seen. \"Chuck?\" he squeaked. \"You were around horses at Cambridge or something, weren't you?\" \"Captain, that isn't a horse.\" \"Well, aren't they similar enough?\" The bison cocked its head and continued to stare them. Taking a step towards the Pirate Captain, it sniffed his beard and then his hat. \"Go on!\" the captain told it. \"There isn't anything in there for you.\" The bison evidently thought differently, for it leaned forward, plucked the captain's had right off his head and began to chew upon it. \"No no no no no! You give that back right now!\" he yelled, grabbing the other end of his tricorn. They tugged each back and forth over it until the captain finally managed to yank it from the creature's mouth. What remained of it, anyway; half of it had been ground into a wet, black pulp. The other pirates weren't sure whether to be more worried about their captain or the animal. \"We...we saved you a spare, sir,\" said the Pirate With A Scarf after a few moments. \"We can find it after we've gotten the wheels out.\" \"Oh, what's the point of the wheels? \" the Pirate Captain snapped. \"What's the point of anything today? Is there just some sort of law that the universe simply can't survive if something I plan actually works for once? WELL?!\" The bison started at the outburst and drew back. Had he angered the owner of the noisemaker? Perhaps it had something to do with the great brown thing which he and his fellow strange creatures had been observing. It had surely been there a long time, for there was grass growing off one end. Long, pale and delicious-looking grass. Lumbering past the now-preoccupied pirates, he made his way towards the ropes. \"Sir, this isn't productive,\" the Pirate With A Scarf said as the captain began to stomp around in a circle and mutter under his breath. \"We need to go looking for Albino Pirate. He'd do the same for us, wouldn't he?\" \"He'd say we're at the part where things only look bad fer a bit,\" the Pirate With Gout added. The captain abruptly stopped. \"You mean like that?\" he asked, pointing at the boat. They turned to look back and froze. The vessel was being jerked from the mud a foot at a time by the bison, which was pulling on the ropes as hard as it could. \"...Yes. Rather like that.\" Snorting with exhaustion, the bison spit out the strange grass. Far too tough for his tastes. Where had that chewy black object gotten off to? As if summoned, it suddenly landed at his feet. \"You can have the rest!\" the Pirate Captain exclaimed as he rushed up the gangplank with his crew in tow. The ramp was pulled back up, and it wasn't long before the grumbling of the engine was emanating from the ship's hull. The wheels kicked up mud as they began to spin, but they soon found solid ground. The boat lurched forward with a roar and rolled off, cutting a swath through the forest as it went. The bison watched it go. What incredible things these creatures had in their possession! And what interesting food... Picking up the hat in his teeth, he gnawed on it with content as he plodded after the boat. Wasn't expecting that to take so long. Totally worth it, though. It'll probably be a while before the next chapter goes up, so I'm just gonna say this now; June 10th is the first anniversary of my little writing endeavor here, and I just want to thank all the old sports who've stuck it out with me so far. You guys are awesome. :) See ya! ~ A. Kingsleigh[Chapter 6] YAY! BIRTHDAY POST! ...Just thought I'd get that out of my system. DISCLAIMER: If you recognize it, I don't own it. My Dear Father, I must preface this letter by saying that I had previously hoped our situation here would improve. I now see the folly in such thoughts. I am very unhappy for several reasons, foremost being that the dress you sent me is ruined. The blame for this falls on Beatrice and the unsavory creature she found in the wilderness; a grotesque albino boy utterly lacking in manners and intelligence. Sheriff Hedley should have locked him up when he had the opportunity. Instead, he is now residing with the doctor from Cologne that I wrote to you of. Uncle has forbidden Beatrice and I from conversing with them, but I suspect that she is sneaking off to pay them visits anyway. Father, their combined idiocy will surely destroy all of your hard work. The sights and sounds which pour from that barn every day are insufferable — As if summoned, a BOOM shook the timbers of the house as the townspeople's screams drifted in through the open window. Jennifer crumpled up the letter. How on earth are they not dead yet? she wondered as she stuck her head outside to see purple smoke seeping out through every crack in the barn. \"Uncle, they're at it again!\" She heard no cry for one of the servants to investigate the matter, not even a \"Oh, fine, I'll see to it myself!\" When she went up to his study, she found only a hastily scribbled note lying on the desk. Gone to work site. Urgent matter. Will not be back for a few days. \"Oh, perfect...\" The barn door was ajar, and she pushed it open without a knock. \"Whatever you're doing, stop it at once!\" As the haze cleared, she saw Albino Pirate and Wechsler standing around a table staring at a beaker, from which the smoke was pouring forth. \"And zat,\" Wechsler was saying, \"is vy you never add vater to acid.\" The boy was transfixed. \"I had no idea!\" \"Didn't you two hear me?\" The Albino Pirate looked up. \"Morning, Miss Jenny! Isn't this fascinating?\" \"It's probably poisonous.\" \" Unsinn!\" Wechsler exclaimed. \"I hafe done zis many times! Do I appear unvell?\" Jennifer had stopped listening. Her gaze was focused on a set of familiar brown curls peeping out from behind a barrel. \"...Come out here.\" Beatrice stepped into the open, trembling a bit but returning her sister's stare. \"I just came to say hello — \" She yelped as Jennifer grabbed her by the ear and dragged her towards the door. \"What did Uncle Phineas tell you?\" \"Uncle Phineas says that about everyone who's different!\" \"Well, maybe that's because he has a point. Now I don't want to find that you've been here again. Go play in town if you must, it's far safer — \" Her words were cut off by a shrill, piercing scream. \"They're coming!\" a woman was yelling. \"They're coming!\" \"But nothing's been fixed yet!\" \"They'll tear it all down!\" \"We'll be dragged into the street and shot!\" \"Awright, everyone settle down!\" Sheriff Hedley's voice rang out above the rising hysteria. \"Git inside 'fore they see y'all! An' hurry!\" \"Is there something wrong?\" Albino Pirate asked. Wechsler climbed into the hayloft, flipped up a lever that protruded from the wall and watched as one of the skylights slid open. \"Let's hafe a look, shall vee?\" The barn was about as high as the rest of the buildings, and its steep roof was just high enough to allow a good view over the flat ones of town. Emerging from the hole he had made, Wechsler grabbed the metal loops welded to the shingles and crawled to the top. Albino Pirate came next, then Beatrice, then the struggling Jennifer. \"If I fall off this and survive,\" she muttered, \"I'll have you both hanged...\" \"Hush, girl!\" said Wechsler, who was focused on the scene below. The people of Blue Mud were fleeing into whatever building they happened to be nearest. Doors were locked, curtains were drawn shut and the children who peeked out the windows were pulled back inside by their parents. In a matter of seconds, the street was devoid of souls and an eerie silence had fallen over the town. \"I don't understand,\" said Albino Pirate. \"What are they hiding from?\" Jennifer pointed to the horizon. \"That, I should think.\" A large cloud of dust was moving in from the east. As it came closer to them, the blurred shadows of many men on horseback materialized within it. Bursting from the cloud, they rode into town, whooping and firing their guns into the air. They all had shabby clothes, stringy hair and wicked smiles missing several teeth upon their stubble-covered faces. Up and down the street they trotted for what felt like forever; they shot at windows, tossed rocks through walls, ripped up boards from the skeleton of an unfinished building and dragged them through the dirt. \"What y'all hidin' fer?\" they jeered at the people huddled inside. One especially mangy creature parked himself in front of the sheriff's office. \"Ah know y'all is in there, Hedley!\" he shouted. \"Why don't y'all come out an' shoot me, sheriff? Ah promise Ah'll draw a bit slower this time!\" He and his companions threw back their heads and laughed like hyenas. \"Ah reckon we's about done here, boys!\" he proclaimed after surveying the new property damage. \"Let's git!\" Cracking their reins, the scoundrels galloped laughing out of town and vanished into another cloud of dust that carried them back over the horizon. For a minute, the silence which had preceded the attack fell once more. Then the door of the sheriff's office creaked as Hedley pushed it open and stepped onto the porch, a shotgun in hand. \"Y'all can come out now,\" he said. \"They're gone.\" One by one, the townsfolk stumbled back into the open. Some were examining the destruction, some were whispering prayers, and others were just staring into the distance. The quartet remained on the roof, their eyes still glued to the scene. Jennifer was the first to leave, crawling back down the rungs with her face scrunched up in anger. \"Where are you going?\" Beatrice asked. \"To have an overdue conversation with the sheriff.\" Hedley's shrill whistle snapped the people from their stupor. \"Everyone alright?\" he asked as they gathered around his porch. \"Yes, sir.\" \"Where's the damage?\" \"Mostly on the station, sir.\" \"You said they wouldn't come fer at least another week, Sheriff!\" one woman exclaimed. \"Settle down,\" said Hedley. \"Now I want y'all in the church fer a meetin' at nine tomorrow. That sound alright?\" A few snatches of grumbling rose up from the crowd, but they nodded and gradually scattered. Sighing, Hedley sank into his chair and began removing the shells from his gun. \"Next time, Jackson...\" \"How long has this been going on?\" He looked up to see Jennifer standing on his steps with clenched fists and a red face. \"I didn't think you cared, Princess,\" he snorted. \"Well, someone should! Do you have any idea how much this project means to my family? And you're just going to mess it all up by doing nothing!\" \"Don't y'all start preachin' to me, girl,\" Hedley said coldly as he stood up. \"You ain't got a clue 'bout what's goin' on down here.\" \"I aim to.\" Turning up her nose, Jennifer flounced off down the street. \"And when I have,\" she shouted back, \"my father will hear all about it!\" Hedley glared at her until she disappeared, then started to go back into his office. \"...Mister Sheriff?\" \"What do y'all want now?\" he snapped, whipping back around. It was only Albino Pirate, who shrank back in shock at his outburst. \"I'm sorry.\" \"...You didn't do nothin' wrong. S'pose you got a few questions.\" He nodded. \"Who was the man yelling at you, sir?\" The muscles of Hedley's face tightened, and his empty eye socket began to ache. \"That,\" he said after a few moments of silence, \"is a man they call Yeller-Eyes Jackson. Bandit by trade, 'long with the good-fer-nothins he bosses around.\" \"What do they want?\" \"They think this end o' the territory's theirs alone, far as I can tell. Ain't bright enough to just move.\" \"Why hasn't anyone stopped them, then? You seem like you can!\" Hedley fell silent again. \"I could've once...\" \"What does that mean?\" \"...It ain't fer a boy's ears.\" He looked Albino Pirate right in the eyes. \"Listen. I don't want you to get hurt. If yer smart, you an' Doc'll finish up that machine an' git outta here while there's still time. Understand? Now run along.\" Confused and trembling a bit, Albino Pirate gave him a quick \"Yes, sir\" before scurrying down the steps and back towards Wechsler's barn. Sitting back down, Hedley resumed tending to his shotgun. Nice kid. \"It can't be as bad as he made it sound...right, Polly?\" Leaning back on his cot in the hayloft, Albino Pirate stared up through an open roof panel at the starry sky. He tried searching for a familiar constellation, but nothing appeared. \"Nothing's ever as bad as it sounds,\" he told Polly as he stroked her feathers. At least, he certainly hoped so. The sheriff had been very grave about the whole situation, and the thought of those men still frightened him. What had they done that was too horrible to even speak of? \"...They weren't as scary as Black Bellamy and Cutlass Liz can be, though,\" he said to himself. \"And I bet my face that they aren't half as clever as the captain!\" Come to think of it, any proper pirate would find them no trouble at all. They would just swing down on the men, run them through and blast them to bits before they had the faintest idea of what was going on — That's it! If you guys have ever seen Blazing Saddles, then you probably have an idea of where this is going. But hey, the journey's more fun than the destination! Until next chapter, ~ A. Kingsleigh[Chapter 7] DISCLAIMER: If you recognize it, I don't own it. \"Mr. Hedley! Are you up yet?\" Hedley woke up with a start, falling out of his desk chair and banging his head on the office floor. \"Who's there?\" he demanded as he stumbled to his feet and rubbed his eyes. \"It's only me, sir.\" The Albino Pirate was standing in the doorway with Polly on his shoulder and a grin plastered on his face. \"...What time is it, boy?\" \"Seven thirty. The captain says one ought to get up as soon as sunrise starts, but I suppose it's alright for you to sleep in a bit because yesterday was so troubling and you've got such a long day ahead of you and you've been ever so kind to me since I arrived so I want to help out around here — \" \"Just tell me what you want.\" \"Sir, I have a plan for stopping those bandits.\" The sheriff rolled his eyes. \"Sure you do.\" \"I wouldn't lie about a matter that grave, sir,\" Albino Pirate answered. \"It wouldn't be proper.\" Hedley looked him over. There had to be some signal that the boy was lying. \"Is there something wrong?\" Albino Pirate asked, his smile fading slightly. \"I haven't come too early, have I?\" \"Just need to wake up...\" They both flinched as the front door slammed open. In marched Jennifer, holding an envelope and looking very proud of herself. \"Do you see this, Mr. Hedley?\" she said, brandishing it in the sheriff's face. \"It's a letter to Father.\" \"So?\" \"It's going to tell him everything that's been going on here and how his work is being destroyed! When he gets it, he'll arrange for someone competent to replace you.\" Albino Pirate frowned. \"That isn't very nice, Miss Jenny.\" \"No one cares what you think.\" Hedley coughed loudly while giving the girl a dark look. \"Don't you have your uncle to talk at for this sort of thing?\" \"He's still gone. I will, though, and I'll show it at the meeting!\" \"Y'all do that, Princess.\" The sheriff's expression softened as he returned his attention to Albino Pirate. \"That goes for you too, boy. Alright?\" \"Yes, sir,\" Albino Pirate said, smiling again. \"Thank you!\" With a tip of his hat, he hurried out the door. Jennifer raised an eyebrow as she watched him go. \"You're not honestly going to let him talk, are you?\" \"You got a problem with that?\" Drawing back, Jennifer brandished the letter one last time as she flounced out the door. Hedley locked it behind her before picking his chair back up, sitting down and making a mental note to add \"have Miss Winters put in her place\" to his to-do list. \"Order! Order!\" Hedley shouted, pounding his fist on the chapel pulpit. \"Quit yappin'!\" The dull roar of the gathered townspeople subsided into a scattering of low whispers. Good enough. \"Now I know most of you would rather not be here,\" he began. \"But there ain't no reward in just givin' up.\" \"There isn't one in staying, either!\" a man responded, standing up and turning to address the others. \"Pretty soon they won't be satisfied with tearing down the buildings! They'll start shooting us in the head and trampling us into the ground! Need I mention what they'll do with the women?\" Several ladies screamed and fainted, the fearmonger was challenged and within a few seconds, the room was consumed by its former pandemonium and then some. Hedley pounded the pulpit even harder. \"Order! Order! Shut yer faces!\" He then pointed to his eyepatch. \"Don't make me take this off!\" Everyone gasped, the women who had been resuscitated screamed and fainted again, and terrified silence swept over the group. \"...Thank you. Now listen — you're here so we can talk about plans. Anybody got one?\" A sea of hands rose up from the pews. \"Anybody got one that don't involve runnin' off?\" All hands went down except two in the back row, one of them unnaturally pale. \"Y'all know that boy who's stayin' with the doc,\" Hedley continued. \"He's got somethin' he wants to tell you 'bout.\" Albino Pirate slowly withdrew his hand. \"Now?\" he asked, looking surprised and scared. The sheriff nodded and beckoned. \"Come on.\" Keeping his eyes fixed to the floor, Albino Pirate walked down the aisle and took Hedley's place at the pulpit. \"Hello, everyone...I'm the Albino Pirate...\" \"Oh, just get it over with!\" Jennifer snapped, and some of the others nodded in assent. \"...I've never spoken to lots of people like this before...\" Wechsler, who was standing just beyond the open doorway of the chapel with Beatrice at his side Polly at his feet, smiled and gave the boy a thumbs up. \"...but I'd like to try,\" he finished, smiling back and standing a little straighter. \"Back where I come from, we all learn to do pirate things. Shooting cannons and fighting backwards up staircases and sliding down sails with a cutlass between your teeth, that sort of thing. We have a hideout called Blood Island, and no one's ever been able to attack it because it's got all kinds of defenses and we know how to fight off anyone who comes near. I know you're very frightened of those bandits, but I don't think they'd stand a chance against even one pirate! And the next time they come, we're going to have plenty!\" \"What do you mean?\" someone asked. \"I want to show you all how to fight like pirates!\" Albino Pirate continued. \"Dr. Wechsler can make weapons, and I'll teach you how to use them! The bandits will be so scared of you that they won't dare come near here ever again! Doesn't that sound like a good idea?\" He was answered with only several dozen frowns and not a single word. \"That's an... interesting proposition, boy,\" Hedley finally answered. \"You got Doc on board with it?\" \"Ja!\" Wechsler answered. Beatrice piped up. \"I think it's a wonderful idea!\" Jennifer's jaw dropped. \"How long have you...? Get back to the house at once!\" Storming up to the pulpit, she practically shoved Albino Pirate out from behind it and took his place. \"Now I've heard plenty of hare-brained schemes before, but that has to be the most preposterous — \" Hedley glared at her. \"Did I say you could talk, Miss Winters?\" \"I think I have a more useful solution to this matter than he does!\" She turned to the crowd. \"I propose that we replace Sheriff Hedley and ask that my father arrange to have troops sent here to protect us. Are we all in favor?\" She too received only frowns and silence. \"Princess,\" Hedley said, \"I think they just want to be done.\" He stepped in front of the pulpit. \"Anyone object to Miss Winters' idea?\" \"...It'd take a hundred years fer them folks back east to get anythin' done,\" a man said. \"We ain't got that kind of time.\" \"So how many of y'all object to the boy's plan?\" The adults all began to grumble under their breaths, but they soon fell back into silence. Hedley turned back to Albino Pirate. \"You really serious 'bout this, boy?\" \"Very much so, sir.\" Motioning for Jennifer to step aside, Hedley took the pulpit again. \"Listen up; seein' as we need to do somethin' and these two have the only ideas, I'm gonna let the boy have a month to do what he wants. If that don't work, we'll do what Miss Winters suggests.\" \"You can't leave those two to their own devices!\" Jennifer said. \"Which is why I'm appointin' someone to help 'em out,\" the sheriff continued. A smirk crossed his face as he said, \"You seem interested, Princess.\" \"That is not what I — \" Hedley drowned her out by banging on the pulpit. \"Meetin' adjourned!\" The townspeople filed out of the chapel and spread out towards the damaged buildings, some going to get lumber and toolboxes. Albino Pirate stood in the doorway and watched them go. He was just starting for the barn when a hand grabbed his arm and jerked him back around. \"They know you aren't going to help things a bit,\" Jennifer hissed in his face. \"That's why they don't care.\" \"I really think it could work,\" he answered, backing away. \"To do what? Waste everyone's time? I'll have no part in that!\" \"...Alright, then. What are you going to do instead?\" \"Write to Father, of course. When he hears how you're destroying his work, he'll fix this problem as soon as he can.\" The Albino Pirate began to leave once more, but stopped and looked back. \"You know,\" he said, \"it seems to me that if you really want to fix a problem, you should do more than just write to someone miles away complaining about it.\" \"What's that supposed to mean?\" Jennifer demanded. But the boy was already hurrying away. Ignorant little nuisance. Sinking down onto the chapel steps, she let her eyes wander up and down the street. The people were clearing away the debris and bringing in new materials. Their movements were slow, almost mechanical, and their faces were tired. Some of them paused to stare at what remained of the frame of the train station before shaking their heads and moving on. They'll all give up before you come, Father, she thought. Unless someone can make them stay. Stay tuned for the Halfway Point, AKA In Which I Do My Best To Avoid Being Racially Insensitive! Don't miss it! ~ A. Kingsleigh[Chapter 8] Hey, guys! I was perusing the Internet and found a hidden treasure that I'd like to share with you; an unofficial audio commentary for Pirates made by Gideon Defoe himself! To find it, just go to Soundcloud and search for \"pirates commentary.\" It'll be the first one that comes up. I think it's easier to sync if you have a digital copy of the movie, but using it with a DVD shouldn't be too hard. It might sound off at points, but I think that's because he has a tendency to start talking about things in the film a few seconds before they actually happen. And on that note, here's Chapter 8! DISCLAIMER: If you recognize it, I don't own it. Observations on the appearance and behavior of Bison bison A social animal. Travels in herds. Ostensibly slow-moving but perfectly capable of achieving a gallop. Initially wary of us humans, especially our guns, but has adjusted to its new surroundings. Diet consists mainly of grass... Charles was jerked backwards as the bison clamped onto the edge of his coat and tried to pull off a piece. \"Green doesn't equal edible!\" he squeaked, tugging himself free. The creature snorted in his face and lumbered back towards the boat, contentedly chewing on one of his coattails. ...and the occasional clothing receptacle. \"Here's the plan, lads,\" said the Pirate Captain as he spread out a map on his desk before his crew. \"We'll scour this entire country if it comes down to that, and this is where we'll start!\" They leaned forward to get a better look. \"The Oregon Trail,\" the Pirate With A Scarf read aloud. \"Captain, I'm not so sure about this.\" \"Why not? Albino Pirate can't have missed it. Someone's most likely picked him up by now. It's just a matter of following the tracks until we catch up to him.\" \"Sir, there's a number of stories about — \" \"You can't believe everything you hear, Number Two,\" said the captain. \"Now come along! We're wasting daylight!\" The prairie ground rumbled as the engine was switched on, and the ship rolled away down a wide rut of wagon tracks while the bison galloped behind. Standing in the crows' nest with a telescope in hand, the Pirate With A Scarf looked to the horizon. There they were, just as he had heard — a row of crude gravestones on each side of the road, stretching out as far as the eye could see. \"Alright, so we go ten miles south, then five miles east and...\" The captain looked up from his map at the horse-shaped rock to his right. \"...How the devil did we get this far north?\" Mr. Bobo pointed him towards a nearby circle of dusty covered wagons surrounded by people. Perhaps. They. Know. \"Worth a try,\" said the captain. Puffing himself up, he approached the caravan and picked out one of the men. \"Ahoy!\" he shouted, tipping his hat. The man stared at him for a moment, then swayed and fell to the ground dead. His fellow travelers gasped and remained briefly frozen with horror before one of them pointed at the corpse and yelled \"DYSENTERY!\" They screamed in unison, rushed to their wagons and were driving off like mad before the captain could finish saying \"I'll take that as a no, then.\" He knew very well that most of his ideas were of the sort that were perfectly serviceable only in his head. This one, the captain thought as he and the crew sprinted back towards the boat with guns in hand, really should have made a red flag or twelve go up. Behind them came a very large and very angry brown bear with red eyes and jagged yellow teeth that looked several inches and razor-sharp. The captain spun around and aimed his gun at the creature as it charged forward, roaring with fury. At this distance, it was impossible not to get a shot this time — The roar was drowned out by a deep bellowing as the bison shot out from his peripheral vision and barreled right into the bear's side, knocking it over. When it tried to get up and go after the pirates again, it received a kick in the face for its troubles. Staggering to its feet, it growled a bit before turning and loping off. \"Didn't I tell you coves he'd be useful?\" the captain laughed. \"Good job, Marvin.\" \"...Marvin?\" asked the Pirate With Gout, saying what the rest of the crew was thinking. \"It stuck.\" The river came out of nowhere and was wide enough to stretch out for what looked like quite some distance. \"Which one is this, Number Two?\" the captain asked his first mate. \"I can't seem to find on here, sir,\" the Pirate With A Scarf answered, fiddling with the map. \"Well, how deep is it?\" Emma pulled one of their ropes out of the river and examined the watermark. \"Three feet, give or take an inch.\" \"Oh, let's just drive across. What's the worst that could happen?\" And that was how the crew found itself with a ship lying on its side and a captain ready to start shooting steam from his ears. \"How does that work?\" he yelled at no one in particular while keeping his eyes fixed on his boat. \"How does that even work? What kind of country is this?\" \"One with people, at least,\" said the Pirate With Gout, pointing his crutch at some forms on the horizon. Two men on horseback had appeared and were speeding towards them. \"Hello!\" the Pirate With A Scarf called out. \"You wouldn't know of any towns around here, would you?\" One of the strangers seemed to procure two somethings from behind him, place them together, draw one of his arms back and WHOOSH! An arrow came flying at them and struck Scarf's hat, pinning it against the boat. The strangers galloped up to the pirates and began to circle them, glaring down from atop their horses. They had brown skin and long black hair in braids, and their clothes were made from bison skin. One carried a bow and had a quiver of arrows slung over his shoulder, while the other wore a knife at his side. He was reaching for its handle when the other man abruptly stopped his horse and motioned for his companion to do the same. Marvin had come forward, laying his ears back and snorting at the intruders. \"Er...he's with us,\" the captain said, patting the bison's neck. \"You're the locals, I presume?\" The men simply continued to stare. \"I don't think they speak English, sir,\" the Pirate With A Scarf said. \"Alright, let's see here... we,\" said the captain, gesturing to himself and the crew, \"are looking for our friend...\" He held up a hand to indicate shortness. \"...and we need to get going...\" He made a walking motion with his fingers. \"...so if you could just — \" \"We speak your tongue,\" one of the natives said. \"Really? Oh, wonderful! Do you gents know how to get a boat right side up? Those rivers are such a bother.\" The other native narrowed his eyes and kept his hand on his knife. \"Do you serve the yellow-eyed one?\" \"No...who's that?\" \"That's right, just try an' run!\" Yellow-Eyes Jackson and his bandits cackled as yet another tipi went up in flames, sending its occupants dashing outside and into the growing pandemonium. Women were screaming, children were crying and the men's weapons were being shot out of their hands. It didn't take long for the natives to be herded into a crowd at the center of the village, where the bandits set about tying gags around their mouths and chaining their ankles together. From the safety of an especially thick patch of grass, the pirates looked on in horror. \"What in Neptune's name are they doing that for?\" he exclaimed. \"They will be taken away forever,\" the native with the knife answered. \"Like those before them.\" \"They most certainly will not,\" said Charles. \"We've got to put a stop to this.\" \"Their weapons are too great,\" said the native with the bow and arrows. \"Not with us here!\" the captain replied. \"Now, what we need is a distraction...\" He lost his train of thought as Marvin nudged him from behind, but as he turned around to glower at the bison, a light bulb practically went on over his head. \"I don't suppose they've seen anyone ride a bison before.\" Prolonged exposure to the sun did not sit well with Yellow-Eyes Jackson. \"You fellas done yet?\" he snapped as he tried to shield his face. \"We're on the last one — \" \"Ahoy!\" Coming into the remains of the village was a man with a large beard and ridiculous outfit sitting on a bison. \"Which of you men is the leader of this group?\" Taking aim, Jackson shot the man's hat off. \"That'd be me.\" The man briefly looked peeved, but managed to twist his face back into a pleasant smile as he dismounted. \"What exactly are you doing with these people, might I ask?\" \"Ain't none o' yer business.\" \"Do they live here?\" \"They ain't gonna live here no more.\" \"Who owns this land?\" \"Hell, I don't know! The gov'ment, maybe.\" \"But not you lot.\" \"Aw, jus' git to the point already!\" one of the bandits whined. None of them noticed how the man's eyes occasionally darted behind them, where the natives were. \"You see, the thing is that if the people live on the land, and you don't own the land, then it isn't in your power to do what you wish with the people. That's the law.\" The bandits burst into cruel laughter. \"Do we look like we care about laws, mister?\" Jackson said. \"Well, you ought to. I'm afraid I'll have to report you to the authorities — \" Jackson silenced him with a view down a gun barrel. \"Any last words?\" To his surprise, the stranger smiled. \"Next time you capture someone, do keep an eye on them.\" \"What?\" They all whirled around, but it was too late. The newly freed natives were advancing upon them, accompanied by even more ridiculously dressed peopled. Laughing, the Pirate Captain whipped out his cutlass. \"Attack!\" A variety of items were scattered across the scorched earth when all was said and done; rocks, arrows, teeth, guns twisted out of shape, a bruised squid corpse and the footprints of several frantic men being chased away by an angry bison. The captain picked up the squid, stuffed it in his beard and watched as Marvin trotted back to him. \"Are they gone, boy?\" Huffing, the bison moved his head in a way not unlike nodding. \"Good job!\" said the captain, patting his head. \"Come on. They've saved two spots for us.\" Several lengths of rope had been tied to the boat, with either a pirate or a native at each one. \"Everyone ready?\" the captain asked as he and Marvin took their places. The native with the bow nodded, shouted a word to the others in his language, then they all started to pull. The boat moved almost imperceptibly, then began to rise up out of the water and back onto its wheels. The sails were soaked and the deck was a mess, but before long, it was standing once more. The Pirate Captain dropped his rope with a sigh of exhaustion. \"Well, that went better than expected. Number Two, take the others and do some cleaning up, would you?\" As they climbed up the ropes to the deck, he turned his attention to the natives. \"Best of luck to you!\" \"And to you,\" said the native with the bow. \"One more thing; have you seen a boy anywhere around here? Very pale, always smiling, probably got a funny-looking bird with him?\" They thought for a moment. \"Many days ago. He walked north.\" \"Perfect! Thank you so much!\" When the crew lowered the gangplank, the captain practically flew up it. \"Don't just stand there! We've got to turn this thing around!\" From far away, the grass started to rustle. Up rose the bandits, now sporting bruises and hats full of arrows. \"Who were them strangers?\" one of them asked. Jackson winced as a burst of pain shot through the red hoof print on his face. \"I dunno, but they ain't leavin' these parts alive.\"[Chapter 9] DISCLAIMER: If you recognize it, I don't own it. \"I'm going to town, Jenny.\" \"Jennifer,\" she said, giving Beatrice a quick glance before returning to her book. \"Be back before — \" She did a double take. Beatrice was smiling — not the fake kind she always wore , actually smiling. \"What's gotten into you?\" she blurted before she could stop herself. \"I'll come straight come, I promise,\" she chirped. \"But where are you even going?\" \"To class.\" \"What class?\" \"The pirate class. Aren't you coming too? Albino Pirate said he wanted to talk with you.\" \"You've been down there before?\" Jennifer snapped, shutting the book and advancing on her sister. \"Every day this week,\" she answered, unfazed. \"Does Uncle know?\" \"He's been gone, remember?\" \"...Of course I do,\" Jennifer said, wincing at her own mistake. \"Are you going to come?\" \"For a while. I have some business to attend to.\" How far was it to the work site, again? \"Sorry I'm late!\" Beatrice said as she and Jennifer entered Wechsler's barn. A dozen other children were sitting on the floor in front of Albino Pirate, giving him their full attention. Albino Pirate's smile widened at the sight of the girls. \"Oh, it's no trouble.\" Jennifer stared at the sight before her. \"I didn't think their parents would let them come...\" Anything to get rid of them for a time, I suppose. \"Neither did I,\" Albino Pirate said. \"I think they're warming up to the idea!\" Jennifer rolled her eyes. \"Yes, well, I have to be going — \" \"Can't you stay? We're going to learn about reading maps and catching colossal squids!\" he said while the children cheered behind him. \"You have fun with that,\" she said, sweeping out the door before Albino Pirate could respond. One of the children raised his hand. \"Will there be time for another story afterwards?\" \"I'm afraid not,\" said Albino Pirate. \"Dr. Wechsler and I are going to be very busy this afternoon. Tomorrow for sure.\" The children nodded. It would be worth the wait, they were sure of that. \"Good! Now, before you go catching colossal squids, you've got to have a big jar to put it in...\" Once she was outside, Jennifer laughed aloud. Reading maps and catching squids? What kind of skills were those?The kind that weren't useful by any means, that's what! No matter — Uncle will have put a stop to it by this time tomorrow. Now which way is that work site...? It was utterly beyond fathoming why anyone would want to settle in this country. If the lack of civilization didn't kill you, the weather would. Jennifer's curls were damp with sweat, and every step she took felt as though her feet were being stabbed. When the weight of her petticoats began to drag her down, she submitted to them. Unbuttoning and removing her high heels, she flopped onto the ground and closed her eyes. Uncle Phineas could wait. What did people out here do with their leisure time, anyway? Look at the sky, feel the breeze, hear Dr. Wechsler and Mr. Hedley prattle on about something or other... ...wait, what? \"An' what all does this do, exactly?\" Hedley asked as he helped Albino Pirate and Wechsler unload their wagon. Out came boards, hinges, a coil of rope, a barrel brimming with tar, a tall wooden box with a trap door for a roof and bags upon bags of tiny metal spheres. \"Zis,\" Wechsler said as he patted the barrel, \"vill be zee first trap. Zee bandit steps onto zee pad, and his veight pulls down zee rope. Zee rope makes zee platform go up, down comes zee barrel and wir haben ihn!\" \"I see...\" \"And zis,\" he continued as he moved to the box, \"vill be buried in the ground. Ven zee bandit steps on zee roof, he falls in! Zen vee lift it in and throw him in jail!\" Hedley looked up from the sphere he had been examining. \"So what do these do?\" Wechsler took it in his hand, threw it on the ground and watched the sheriff jump back as it exploded into a cloud of smoke. \"Distraction!\" Hedley tossed him the rest of the smoke bombs and shot him a glare to go with them. \"Hope it goes well for y'all.\" Mounting his horse, he trotted away. \"Will you need help setting up the barrel?\" Albino Pirate asked. \"Qyyn. I vant you to practice your riding, my boy,\" Wechsler answered, detaching his dappled gray mare from his wagon and putting on the tack he had brought. \"Vhen you return, vee vill test these together.\" \"Yes, sir,\" said Albino Pirate. Wechsler helped him up into the saddle, and after a minute of making clicking noises and pushing at the horse's sides, he got the creature to begin an awkward walk. \"No galloping!\" \"I won't!\" Wobbling in his seat, Albino Pirate grabbed the horn of the saddle as the horse turned a corner and disappeared into the rocks. \"Woah, horsie, not so fast...\" \"What are you doing out here?\" \"Miss Jenny? Is that you?\" She had stepped out from behind a rock and was blocking his path, her dress covered in dust and her hair coming undone. \"Jennifer. What are you doing?\" \"Dr. Wechsler said I ought to practice my riding while he gets ready to test our traps for the bandits! What are you doing?\" \"Something far more important. When I tell my uncle what's going on back in town, he'll put it right. Unlike you, you troublemaking little — \" \" — backstabbin' yeller-bellied good-fer-nuttin!\" \"Now, gentlemen, I'm sure we can settle this in an orderly manner...\" Jennifer's eyes widened at the voices drifting in from the distance. \"Uncle Phineas?\" She ran off in the direction of the noise, while Albino Pirate tumbled off the horse and went after her. The ground began to slope downwards into the rock until they formed a little box canyon. Within it stood four men, one of them well dressed and the other three ragged and gun-wielding. \"P-Please, there's been a misunderstanding,\" Phineas stammered as Jennifer and Albino Pirate crept to the canyon entrance and peered down. \"Shut up!\" one of the bandits snapped, tying his hands behind his back and a blindfold around his eyes. \"We oughta have done this a long time 'go.\" They positioned Phineas at one end of the canyon, walked to the other end and aimed their revolvers at him with a simultaneous click. Jennifer gasped. \"Don't!\" she yelled before she could stop herself. \"Jennifer?\" The bandits' heads whipped around, and so did their guns. \"Git 'em!\" Wechsler's horse was still standing patiently where it had been left when Hedley found it. \"Boy?\" he called out. \"You alright?\" He drew his revolver and cocked it when he heard the voices. He recognized Mr. Winters well enough, and the other man sounded like one of Jackson's... \"Don't!\" \"Jennifer?\" \"Git 'em!\" ...and that didn't sound good. Albino Pirate and Jennifer came tearing over the hill, screaming at the top of their lungs. The horse's ears laid back at the shrill noise, and it took off at a gallop. \"Wait!\" they yelled, chasing after the creature. The three bandits ran up the path and followed them, unloading their revolvers over the youths' heads. Now that was something Hedley could process. \"Y'all come over here!\" he barked, spurring his horse to action and going after the men. \"What are we going to do?\" Jennifer screeched, nearly tripping as she dodged another bullet. Albino Pirate's eyes darted around. Wechsler's wagon was back in sight, and the bags were sitting around its wheels. \"I've got an idea!\" he said, racing towards them. Wechsler was climbing down from a column of rock, upon which the barrel of tar had been precariously placed. \"Vat are you doing?\" he asked when he saw Albino Pirate taking out the smoke bombs. \"Testing! Like you said!\" As the bandits closed in on their prey, Albino Pirate threw the smoke bombs. His targets screamed as the spheres landed at their feet and blew up in their faces. One of them sank to the ground rubbing his eyes, while the other two went running off. Wechsler watched them flee. \"I vould not go zat vay if I vere you.\" The bandit had about half a second to register this before the ground seemed to swallow him up as he fell into the box trap. His companion gaped in horror and backed up against the column of rock, his foot falling on a square of wood buried in the dirt. With a creak, the platform holding the barrel tipped upwards and spilled its load onto the unsuspecting man. As the third bandit staggered to his feet, he heard a gun click behind him. \"If ya'll like keepin' your brains in your head, put your hands where I can see 'em.\" Albino Pirate clapped and cheered. Jennifer stared at the aftermath in raised his eyebrows and said \"It did verk on zee first try!\" The arrival of Wechsler and his wagon was not normally an event for the townspeople to gather around, but this warranted an exception. The outsider, Phineas and Jennifer were sitting up front with him, and the latter two looked thoroughly run down. In the back rode three of Jackson's bandits, all of them handcuffed and one of them covered in tar. Sheriff Hedley rode alongside them, keeping his gun focused on the prisoners. \"Keep aside, everyone!\" he said as the wagon stopped in front of his office. \"Y'all can gawk at 'em later.\" They gathered around him anyway. \"We oughta string 'em up!\" \"Let's make 'em tell us where their hideout is first!\" \"How'd you catch 'em, Sheriff?\" \"I didn't,\" he answered, pointing to Albino Pirate and Wechsler. \"They did.\" Dragging the bandits from the wagon, he marched them inside. The people stared in shock for a moment, then whispers began to swarm through the crowd. \"Those two?\" Phineas said. \"Really?\" \"You should have seen it,\" Jennifer answered. \"Quite the display...\" She trailed off as she looked to the horizon. A dark dot had appeared and was quickly moving towards the town. As it came closer, it material into a green stagecoach and stopped in front of the post office. Her face brightened. \"Father? Father, are you there?\" she cried as she hurried towards it. \"Oh, Father, you wouldn't believe what happened today!\" She flung open the door, but the interior of the coach was empty. The driver gently pulled her away as her smile faded. \"Are you Miss Winters?\" \"Yes...\" \"He sent you these,\" he answered, handing her a rectangular box with a ribbon and a letter. \"...Thank you,\" she said, barely looking at them. \"Jennifer!\" Phineas said, stepping down from the wagon and dusting himself off. \"It's time to go home. You're in no state to be in public.\" From the Desk of Senator Averell Winters My Dear Daughter, I am most saddened to hear about the loss of your dress. I hope this replacement shall lift your spirits. I am very busy and cannot write, but I will come when it is convenient. Your Father Well...it was quite pretty. Deep blue silk with cream-colored lace lining the sleeves and skirt. Perhaps I'll wear it when he comes, Jennifer thought as she stroked the fabric. Whenever that is. Sighing, she lay back on her bed. Her feet were still killing her from all that walking. You know, maybe learning to read a map would be useful. Jennifer sat up again and looked at the dress. She knew exactly when she was going to wear it. Tune in next chapter for Character Development! HI-YO, SILVER, AWAY! ...Hey, I'm treating it with more respect than the movie did. ~ A. Kingsleigh[Chapter 10] DISCLAIMER: If you recognize it, I don't own it. The knocking was quiet and hesitant, but Albino Pirate heard it all the same. \"Come in...oh, hello, Miss Jennifer,\" he said as the barn door slowly swung open. She remained in the doorway, wearing a dark blue dress with a sunhat and carrying a small basket. \"Jenny's fine, if that's what you're comfortable with. Um...good afternoon,\" she added, doing a quick curtsey. \"Afternoon! Dr. Wechsler's off talking to Mr. Hedley right now — \" \"I was hoping you'd be here, actually.\" \"...Really?\" Jennifer held up the basket. \"You haven't had lunch yet, have you?\" \"No.\" She smiled in relief. \"It didn't turn out as I'd hoped,\" she continued as she set it on the table. \"All I could find for the sandwiches was some Swiss cheese and ham — \" Albino Pirate's face lit up. \"Why didn't you say so?\" They made a kettle of tea on Wechsler's stove and soon began to chat over the sandwiches and a plate of badly burnt cookies. \"It's all very nice!\" Albino Pirate kept saying. \"Consider it a thank you. For yesterday,\" Jennifer answered. \"So...you like ham, do you?\" \"Oh, I've quite missed it!\" he said in between mouthfuls of his sandwich. \"We would have Ham Night back on the boat, and Captain would always make a show of slicing it up.\" A faraway look came into his eyes. \"I wonder if they've had any more...oh, Polly, that's not polite!\" The dodo had jumped onto the table and grabbed one of the cookies in her beak. \"At least someone likes them,\" Jennifer said, shooing her off. \"...What kind of bird is that, anyway?\" \"A dodo.\" Her eyes bugged out. \"But they're supposed to be extinct!\" \"Mr. Darwin says that, too. He thinks Polly's the last one.\" \"And you and your friends have it.\" He nodded happily. \"She's like our auntie!\" \"...Who are these friends of yours, exactly?\" She had intended to stay only half an hour, but time quickly became irrelevant as some of the strangest things she had ever heard were poured into her ears. Tales of going to London and battling the queen and destroying a warship, exploring islands and hiding in volcanoes. She was told about people in masks who lived in a pyramid, and a funny man called the Doctor who fell out of the sky in a blue box. She wouldn't have believed it if she had been listening to anyone else; he seemed to, however, and his excitement spread to her. When it was finished, all she had to say was \"How on earth are you still alive?\" The Albino Pirate merely shrugged. \"Doc, please tell me y'all are seein' this, too.\" Hedley and Wechsler stood in the doorway, staring at the scene before them with bemusement. \"Didn't 'spect to see you here, Princess.\" \"What time is it?\" \"About three.\" \"I'm sorry, I must be going,\" she said to Albino Pirate as she gathered her things. \"Thank you again.\" \"Will you and Beatrice be coming to class tomorrow?\" he asked. \"...We'll certainly try.\" Hedley shook his head and strolled back outside. \"Now I know I'm seein' things.\" Jennifer looked from the wooden sword in her hand to the children, who were happily clashing away at one another. \"I'm not sure about this,\" she muttered, struggling to hold the weapon right. \"You'll catch up!\" Albino Pirate chirped. \"Just try swinging it.\" She did as she was told, only to trip and fall on her face. \"...I don't think this is going to work...\" \"Sicher nicht,\" Wechsler remarked as Albino Pirate helped her up. \"You cannot fight vile dressed like zat. Vee vill need somesing lighter...\" The sleeves of the shirt were shorter than what she was used to, the loose skirt felt odd, green wasn't her color and the clunky brown boots made her feel short. \"Zey are vorn,\" said Wechsler as he looked them over, \"but zey shall do. I vas going to use zem for scraps, actually...\" \"Yes, yes, now what's next?\" Albino Pirate held up the sword once more. \"Try hitting it.\" Planting her feet, Jennifer swung. When her sword collided with his on the first try, she screamed and dropped it. The sound of Beatrice laughing from across the room made her wince. \"That's better than I usually am!\" Albino Pirate answered, picking the sword up and handing it to her. \"Now try again.\" Jennifer begrudgingly obeyed. \"Perhaps we can do something different tomorrow.\" They certainly did. While Albino Pirate stayed in the barn and showed the children how to use slingshots, Hedley leaned against the outside and watched as Wechsler showed the trembling Jennifer how to aim a shotgun. \"Hold it next to your shoulder und pull zee trigger. I must varn you, it has a bit of a — \" \"OW!\" \" — kick.\" The scream echoed throughout the town, and the people were soon gathering behind the barn. Jennifer was on the ground whimpering, and the target set up had a bullet hole in it a foot above the bullseye. Miss Winters couldn't possibly have made that...could she? Hedley rolled his eye. \"Use a revolver!\" he called out. \"I don't suppose you'd like to demonstrate?\" Looking at the ground, he began to shuffle off. As he walked, one of the men stopped him. \"You know if that boy would let folks watch?\" \"Cannons...barrel traps...them weird box thingies...how long is puttin' all this together gonna take, Doc?\" \"A veek at most. Less if zee rest of zee town vill help.\" \"Shouldn't be a problem, then,\" Hedley answered, glancing out his window towards the barn. A good chunk of the population was either in or around it, and the ones who weren't were off practicing somewhere else. Gathering his blueprints, Wechsler tucked them under his arm and headed for the office door. \"Might I make a suggestion, Sheriff?\" \"Go ahead.\" \"Zee children sink you should learn to use a cutlass. Zey say it vould be fery good for you.\" With a smile and a tip of his hat, he stepped outside. As Hedley watched him from the window, he caught sight of the Winters girls. They were in the street, practicing with their swords — not very well, but he was more impressed by how they actually looked happy to be around one another. Well, whaddaya know. \"Achtung! Three...two...one...begin!\" The children and Wechsler watched as the townspeople stationed around the cannon sprang into action. One cleaned the interior with a sponge on a stick, another pushed the gunpowder and cannonball inside and yet another rammed them in. They scattered as a fourth person lit the fuse. The ground shook as the cannonball shot out and obliterated the wooden target placed several yards away. \"How long did that take?\" Beatrice asked. Wechsler looked at his watch. \"Sirty seconds! New record! Someone get another target, vee must get it down to at least tventy-five!\" \"Does the gen'ral store look alright, Sheriff?\" Hedley stepped off his porch, a cutlass hang from the spot on his belt where a pistol would normally rest. \"Put one more barrel on the roof. Over the front window.\" He strolled down the road, looking around as Blue Mud pulled itself back together. Flaps on the fronts of buildings concealed cannons, tar barrels were perched on the roofs just out of sight and patches of dirt hiding box traps dotted the ground. Throughout it all weaved Wechsler. \"Yes, yes, vheel it in gently...some of you could hide beneath zat porch, perhaps...? No, zat goes in zee oser way. Vith zee flaps facing up.\" The people whose jokes he had been the butt of a fortnight before smiled and answered \"Yes, sir.\" \"Is it goin' alright, Doc?\" \"Fery well! Vee vill finish a day ahead of schedule at zis rate!\" \"Say, you know where that boy's gone off to?\" \"He said something about Miss Vinters, I beliefe...\" \"It's alright, Jenny! You're nearly there!\" \"That only means I'm going to fall that much farther!\" They had found a nice tall rock with plenty of crevices for hands and feet to go. Albino Pirate had insisted that Jennifer learn to climb, but she failed to see the value in it — not with one hand dangling free and a good ten feet between her and the ground, at least. \"Look, I can't do this!\" \"Of course you can! Just look up!\" Taking several deep breaths, she turned her eyes towards the top of the rock. It was about three feet away, closer than she'd thought. She lifted her hand back up, scrambled for a hole and soon found it. Albino Pirate cheered as she made her way up the last stretch and stumbled onto the top of the rock. When she stood up and looked around, Jennifer couldn't help smiling. It wasn't like looking out her window; there was something different to see each way she turned, and being so out in the open gave her an unfamiliar thrill. \"You ought to come see this!\" she called down. Albino Pirate was already on his way up. \"It's just like being in the crows' nest!\" he said when he reached the top. \"Well, almost. You're moving and there's water instead of ground. It's still very fun!\" It certainly sounded so. Two Days Later The clock was close to striking twelve when Hedley came out of his office, a cigar in his mouth and a content smirk on his face. \"Well, boy, your month's up. I'd ask how y'all did, but I don't have to.\" Everyone in town was milling about in the street, clutching guns and slingshots and bags of smoke bombs. They were all whispering amongst each other and anxiously staring out at the horizon. Albino Pirate saw him first and hurried onto the porch. \"I think we're all ready, sir.\" \"We'd better be.\" \"How do you know they're coming today?\" \"They always wait 'til it looks like we're done fixin' the place up. Just after noon.\" \"...Well, maybe they've finally given up!\" The sheriff patted him on the shoulder. \"That'd be nice, boy.\" A silence fell over the town as the clock bells began to chime. Each ring seemed harsher than the last. Nine...ten...eleven...twelve. As the noise died down, the crowd turned to watch the plains. For what seemed like the longest time, nothing happened. Then, almost in a second, the cloud of dust rose up and began to sweep towards them. \"They're coming!\" a woman shouted. \"They're coming!\" Dun-dun-DUNNNN! Ain't I a stinker? To be honest, I wasn't actually intending to end it here. I thought the chapter was getting kind of long, though, and I didn't want to rush through the next part. On the upside, we're gonna start off Chapter 11 with a bang! Well, I gotta go. It's late, and I think some demonic seagulls are about to attack the helpless schoolchildren of Bodega Bay. See ya later! :) ~ A. Kingsleigh[Chapter 11] Well, turned out they were demonic crows. But still. DISCLAIMER: If you recognize it, I don't own it. No gunshots or hollering heralded the bandits' arrival. They simply galloped into town and gathered in front of the sheriff's office, their reins in one hand and their revolvers in the other. \"Y'all know what to do, boys,\" Jackson said as he dismounted and approached the door. His men spurred their horses into motion, and each one headed for a building. \"We're gonna run y'all out fer good this time!\" Jackson shot through the office door. \"I'll know y'all is in there, Hedley! Gimme back my men an' come out to fight, else I'm comin' in there myself!\" The office remained silent, as did the rest of the buildings. One of the men looked about in confusion. \"Why ain't they screamin'?\" Another dismounted. \"Maybe they all packed up 'an — help! HELP!\" His companions whirled around just in time to see him swallowed up by the earth. All at once, the town seemed to explode. White smoke burst up from the ground, creating a haze that made it all but impossible to see. Barrels of tar rained down and trapped the men inside them. A hail of gunfire rang out from the roofs and windows, and the walls opened up to spit out cannonballs. \"I'm hit! I'm hit!\" several men screamed. The horses whinnied in terror, and those who were still carrying riders bucked them off before galloping away. \"Don't just stand there!\" Jackson sputtered through the smoke. \"Go after 'em!\" \"But what 'bout the others?\" someone asked. \"Y'all wanna end up in jail too?\" Jackson snapped before running back out onto the plains. His remaining partners were quick to follow. As the smoke cleared, the people of Blue Mud flooded into the street. Throwing down their weapons, they whooped and danced around. \"That's right, keep on running!\" they yelled at the horizon. \"You ain't gonna mess with us anymore! Three cheers for Doc 'an the pirate boy!\" The sound of their happiness did not sit well on Phineas' eardrums. \"Hmph...\" \"Jennifer, I want to speak with you,\" Phineas said as he opened the door to his niece's room. \"You need to — goodness gracious, Jennifer, what on earth are you wearing?\" Jenny turned from the mirror in surprise. \"What, this?\" she said, gesturing to her green outfit. \"It's practical.\" \"It's unsightly, and you are not to wear it again! Now as I was saying — \" \"Albino Pirate and Dr. Wechlser are having a party at the barn. May I go?\" \"No, you most certainly may not! In fact, I don't want you speaking to that boy anymore. He's a negative influence on you, Jennifer. You and the rest of this town.\" \"What makes you think that?\" He simply turned his nose up and marched out of the room with a huff. \"I expect to see you in something more proper tomorrow. Goodnight,\" he snapped before shutting her door and locking it. Sinking onto the bed, Jenny stared daggers after him. Negative influence? Who are you to be the judge of that? You hardly know him. She had promised him she would be there, too... The sounding of creaking wood got her attention. Her window was not locked, and a gust of wind had blown it open. The corner of her mouth curled up into a smirk. What is a window except another door? Albino Pirate grinned when he saw Jenny stepping through the barn door. \"You made it!\" She smiled back. \"I don't know how long I can stay, though.\" \"That's alright,\" he answered, walking around the room with her. \"Does it look nice?\" \"It looks lovely...\" Gently glowing lanterns hung from the posts, and all the skylights had been opened to allow a fine view of the stars. The tables had been pushed off to the side, creating a wide stretch of floor for the guests to mingle on. The nearly completed horseless carriage was still on its pedestal, though, and many of the people had gathered around it. They whispered excitedly and gasped as Wechsler showed them how it worked and revved the engine a bit. Hedley was the center of another group, chatting with some of the women and looking happier than Jenny had ever seen him. Several people had brought dishes of food, and others were setting up a band. Someone put a bow to a fiddle, and a bright, fast-paced tune began to ring out over the festivities. The guests clapped and sang as they cleared the floor. Some paired up and began whirling around the room. Albino Pirate watched them happily. \"Do you know how to dance, Jenny?\" \"Oh, just a waltz. I'd rather not, really — \" \"Git in there!\" Hedley shouted, pushing them both into the fray with a laugh. At first, they were simply tripping across the floor in an attempt to avoid the other dancers. They soon picked up the rhythm, though, and found themselves spinning around as well. This would never happen back east! Jenny thought as she laughed. None of this would. \"Do you really think Mr. Hedley found a rabbit with antlers once?\" \"I climbed out a window without breaking my neck. Anything's possible.\" Midnight had come and gone long ago, and the two youths were strolling up towards the Winters mansion. \"That invention's coming along well, isn't it?\" Jenny said. \"Looks like it'll be done soon.\" \"Sometime next week. I'll have to leave after that.\" \"...Really?\" He nodded. \"The rest of the crew must be worried sick about Polly and I. They may never find us if we don't go looking for them!\" \"I suppose.\" They walked in silence until Albino Pirate spoke up again. \"Beatrice says you have to go back home for school soon.\" \"School, my first debutante season...why, I might even be married after that.\" Never before had it all sounded so abrupt. A sudden obstruction sprang from the darkness to block her path; they were beneath her window, and she had walked right into the wall of her house. \"Er...goodnight.\" \"Goodnight.\" \"...Listen, I know I haven't treated you very nicely since you came here. I owe you an apology, and I want to thank you for all of this.\" He smiled a bit. \"It is nice, isn't it? Your father can have his railroad now.\" \"Not that. You've...you've made everyone here happy. Even me.\" Having no other words, she simply resorted to throwing her arms around him and giving him a hug. She returned to her senses after a moment and quickly pulled away, blushing. \"Sorry!\" With a hesitant curtsey, she turned and climbed up the uneven brick wall to her window. When she reached her room, she looked out. Albino Pirate stared back up at her for a moment before waving and walking back towards town. She sat at her desk, not the least bit tired. Her fingers were itching for something to do, so she grabbed a pen and some paper. Father would like to hear of this. Another gust of wind blew into the room and scattered her papers. She began to pick them up, but she stopped when she caught sight of what was written on one of them. My Dear Father, I must preface this letter by saying that I had previously hoped our situation here would improve. I now see the folly in such thoughts. I am very unhappy for several reasons, foremost being that the dress you sent me is ruined... Jenny glanced at her wardrobe, where the new dress was hanging. If I never told him, then how did he know?[Chapter 12] DISCLAIMER: If you recognize it, I don't own it. \"Sir, put the spyglass away.\" \"But Number Two — \" \"It's too dark to see anything,\" the Pirate With A Scarf said, gesturing to the circle of light from the campfire. \"We'll keep going in the morning.\" The Pirate Captain sat down next to him. \"Oh, alright. Marvin, stand guard!\" Marvin snorted and trotted off. \"I think he's close by, you know,\" the captain told his crew. \"I can feel it! So, how about a shanty? Or whatever Americans sing, perhaps...\" As the pirates got to talking, they failed to notice what lay outside the campfire. Out of the grass crept several dark shapes, accompanied by the quiet clicking of revolvers. \"We gonna get 'em right here, Jackson?\" one of them whispered. \"Not fer these ones. There's too many.\" \"But I wanna make 'em scream!\" another said. \"Shut up!\" Jackson snapped. \"We's gonna make 'em scream, awright...\" Charles looked around. \"Did you hear that?\" he asked, silencing his friends. \"Hear what?\" \"Voices.\" They listened, but the only noise to be heard was the faint rustling of the grass. \"It's probably nothing, Charlie.\" \"But I could have sworn I heard someone.\" \"Maybe it's a ghost!\" the Pirate With Gout said cheerfully. \"Don't be silly,\" said the captain. \"If it was a ghost, it would pop up dramatically and try to scare us out of our skins!\" \"I think we ought to go back to the boat,\" said the Pirate With A Scarf. \"Just to be safe — \" THWAP! They barely had time to realize that they'd even heard a noise before a large net flew out of the darkness and pinned them to the ground. \"We ain't ghosts,\" a voice shouted as the bandits surrounded them, \"but y'all are gonna be!\" \"Poseidon's pimples, did you keep dead rats in these bags? This is no way to treat your prisoners!\" Jackson poked the Pirate Captain in the back with his revolver. \"Shut yer trap.\" After a moment, the captain leaned over to the Pirate With A Scarf. \"It's not that bad, actually. They ought to go all the way with prisoner torturing or just not bother at all.\" \"Boss!\" one of the bandits shouted. \"Hey, boss! We're back!\" The bags came off, and the pirates blinked in surprise as their eyes adjusted to the lack of light. They stood in the center of a large, wet stone cavern lit only by a few lanterns. Lines of thin, rusty railroad tracks snaked across the ground, and upon them sat mine carts loaded with rocks. \"Who are they supposed to be?\" a voice asked disdainfully. Standing in an alcove carved from the rock and looking at the group was a tall, shadowy figure. \"I thought I told you to prepare for the next raid!\" \"These is the folks that beat us up the other day, boss!\" said one of the bandits. \"I think they's educated types.\" \"I suppose everyone sounds like that to you.\" Jackson stepped forward. \"We ain't stupid, mister. We heard y'all talkin' 'bout what yer gonna do. Yer gonna turn us in an' have us hangin' soon as y'all get what you want, ain't you?\" Raising his revolver, he aimed it at the figure and cocked it. \"At least that's what y'all think.\" The figure backed away for a moment, but he quickly regained his ground. \"Gentlemen, the only reason you haven't hanged already is because I own the law. And I can assure you that you and your men will be hunted down like Indians if you pull that trigger.\" Jackson glared at him, but he slipped his gun into his holster. \"Good choice,\" said the figure. \"Now, I want you all ready by tomorrow morning.\" \"It ain't gonna work no more, boss!\" said a bandit. \"They's gotten all educated, too. That funny-lookin' boy's been helpin' 'em.\" The Pirate Captain looked up. \"What boy?\" \"They'll listen to me,\" the figure said, \"and the boy can be dealt with. Now off you go!\" \"What about these?\" a bandit asked as he pointed to the pirates, who were now struggling to get their hands untied. \"Do whatever you want with them,\" the figure answered as he disappeared into his alcove. The bandits smirked as they surrounded their prey. \"Ya know,\" said Jackson, \"we don't take kindly to folks who make fools outta us. 'Course, we don't have to teach that to all of ya. Isn't that right, little lady?\" His eyes were fixed on Emma's chest as he cornered her, failing to notice that she was reaching for the handle of his revolver. A shot echoed through the cavern, and Jackson's scream reached a most unmanly pitch as he fell to the ground clutching his bleeding foot. \"What're you idiots doin'?\" he yelled as his men crowded around him. \"Git 'em!\" They turned their guns on the pirates and let loose a hail of bullets — bullets that would have hit their targets if said targets had been there. \"Do you even know where we're going, sir?\" the Pirate With A Scarf asked as the crew hurried into a tunnel, tripping on railroad ties as they went. \"Planning it out ahead never works, anyway.\" Charles spoke up. \"Can't we at least have some — AAAHHH!\" He was cut off as he stumbled and fell face first into an empty mine cart left on the tracks. The Pirate Who Likes Sunsets And Kittens could hear the bandits close behind them. \"Everyone get in!\" The rest of the crew piled into the cart, and he began to push it along the track. Before long, the cries of their pursuers were fading away and the track was sloping downwards. The cart picked up speed, and the pirate leapt aboard. \"You know, I think I'll miss those coves somewhat,\" the captain said with a laugh. \"Once you get past the whole 'trying to kill us' bit, it's rather charming how they think they're clever.\" The Pirate With A Scarf was looking ahead, straining to see through the darkness. \"Sir? Sir, I think we might be about to — \" CRASH! The cart sped into another cavern, slammed into a pair of bumpers, flipped over and spilled its occupants out onto a ground of rocks and mud. \"...Well, there you go,\" the first mate sputtered. As the pirates picked themselves up, a voice rang out from the tunnel. \"I can hear 'em! They went this-a way!\" \"...On second thought, a plan is quite a valuable investment...\" \"Up there, Cap'n!\" said the Pirate With Gout as he pointed at the cavern ceiling, where a shred of moonlight was poking through a crack in the rock. Charles, meanwhile, was on his knees examining the mud. \"Interesting...\" \"Not now, Chuck!\" the captain shouted. He and the others were climbing up to the ceiling and clawing at the crack with all their might. The ray of moonlight grew larger until they had poked out a hole through which they could see stars. The captain went up first, looking and listening. \"Coast is clear!\" he whispered. The others quickly followed him. \"We need to cover the hole,\" the Pirate With A Scarf said. \"Where are we?\" Emma asked as the captain pulled several boards out of his beard and lay them down. The moon was mostly covered by clouds, but the faint outlines of buildings were visible through what little light there was. \"What matters is where we ought to be, which isn't here,\" said the captain. \"Let's try getting back to the boat.\" \"We don't know where it is!\" \"I did say we'd try, didn't I?\" He started as a woolly lump nudged his back. \"Marvin? Oh, Marvin, where on earth have you been?\" \"Captain, I think that mud was saturated with — \" \"I said not now, Chuck!\" The captain hopped on Marvin's back, and the crew hurried out of Blue Mud as fast as they could. So that happened. Kind of interesting, I guess. We've got four chapters left, so stick around! ~ A. Kingsleigh[Chapter 13] DISCLAIMER: If you recognize it, I don't own it. Something's wrong, Jenny thought the moment she woke up. Uncle Phineas always came in at sunrise to open the curtains and let the light rouse her. Today they were still closed, and the faint light of late morning shone through the gap between them. When she sat up to look at the clock on her wall, it read half past eleven. Something's very wrong. \"Beatrice?\" Hurrying across the hall, she found her sister still asleep. \"Beatrice, we've overslept!\" she said as she shook her awake. Beatrice yawned, opened her eyes and stared up at Jenny in confusion. \"Where's Uncle?\" \"I don't know.\" They crept up the stairs and down the hall to his study, but it was empty. The window hung open, and the desk reserved for their father had papers strewn all over it. \"You check downstairs,\" Jenny said. \"I'll go into town.\" \"I think you'll have more luck,\" Beatrice answered, looking out the window. Everyone in town was crowded around the porch of the sheriff's office, staring up anxiously at two tall figures addressing them. \"That doesn't look like Mr. Hedley...\" The girls' thoughts were interrupted by a knocking on the front door. When they went downstairs and pulled it open, they found Albino Pirate standing on the steps. Polly was tucked under his arm, and he looked rather nervous. \"Your uncle sent me. He says there's someone here to see you.\" \"Mr. Hedley!\" the girls shouted as they and Albino Pirate elbowed their way to the front of the chattering crowd. \"Mr. Hedley, what's going on?\" \"Wish I knew.\" They jumped as they saw Hedley standing beside them, staring coldly at the figures. \"They ain't been tellin' me anything.\" \"Who's 'they?'\" Jenny demanded. Leaving her friends behind, she pushed on towards the porch. \"Uncle, what's this all about?\" When she heard the voice of the man speaking, however, she stopped. It can't be...can it? Slowly and silently, she walked to the edge of the porch and stared up at a man with features very much like her own. \"And so,\" her father was saying, \"it is my sad duty to inform you that the project is being postponed indefinitely.\" \"What?\" Jenny exclaimed, her cry lost beneath the protests of the other townspeople. \"There's nothing I can do about it.\" \"Whaddaya mean, ya can't do nothin' 'bout it?\" someone shouted. \"Yer in charge of it, ain't ya?\" \"The current costs of the project outweigh any potential gains. We have encountered far too many obstacles during construction.\" Jenny stepped into view. \"Like what?\" she asked, raising her voice. Her father looked down in surprise, noticing her for the first time. \"Jennifer?\" \"What kind of obstacles?\" \"Bandits, mostly. The property damage has been quite extensive, and all attempts to impose justice have proved ineffective — \" \"What's wrong, Jenny?\" Albino Pirate asked as he rushed to her side. \"Who are you talking to?\" Jenny's eyes lit up at the sight of him. \"We've been fighting them off!\" she said, and the crowd shouted in agreement. \"Not this again,\" Phineas huffed. \"Just listen, Father. This is Albino Pirate — I've written to you about him, haven't I? He's been helping us keep the bandits away.\" Her father raised an eyebrow. \"How so?\" \"He's shown us how to fight with swords and guns and build traps and things like that. We sent them running just yesterday, Father! You should have seen it!\" He silenced her with a wave of his hand. \"Phineas, take my daughters back to the house, would you?\" \"...That's your father?\" \"There's no reason to stop the railroad!\" Jenny said as Phineas picked up Beatrice with one hand and grabbed her by the arm with the other. \"We're already building the station...!\" Her protests were drowned out by the crowd as she was dragged away. Albino Pirate started as her father touched his shoulder. \"Come inside, boy. We need to have a talk.\" He wasn't sure what to think. He certainly wanted to be nice to his friends' father, but...he had expected someone nicer. \"That's Mr. Hedley's desk,\" Albino Pirate hesitantly said as Averell seated himself in the sheriff's chair. \"He won't be needing it anymore, I should think. This town is going to shrivel and die without that railroad. Surprising that it hasn't already, actually...so, you're friends with Jennifer and Beatrice.\" \"Yes, sir. We've all been very nice to each other.\" The man had lost interest in him and was rummaging through the desk drawers. \"Hmm.\" \"...Jenny's right about the bandits, you know — \" \"Jennifer.\" \"She said I could call her Jenny, and she's right about the bandits. If we keep fighting whenever they come back, I'm sure we could capture all of them! Then you can keep building the railroad!\" Shutting the drawer, Averell looked him over. \"There's something I ought to tell you. I couldn't say it outside...the children would find it rather disconcerting.\" \"Why, what's wrong?\" \"You see, my stagecoach was supposed to arrive in town yesterday. We ran into a bit of trouble.\" Albino Pirate gasped. \"Did the bandits catch you?\" He nodded. \"They simply came riding up out of nowhere. Looked quite angry. When they stopped the coach, Jackson said he had a message for me. He claimed that this town is in his territory. He wanted it gone, but the people had learned to fight him. If I didn't talk some sense into them, he'd burn this place to the ground once and for all and kill every soul he could find...starting with my girls.\" \"...Oh,\" Albino Pirate murmured, turning even paler than usual. \"I had no idea...\" \"I know.\" \"Is this my fault?\" the boy asked frantically. \"I'm afraid so.\" \"C-Can't I do anything to fix it?\" \"We'll have to dismantle those traps you've set up.\" He headed for the door. \"I'll go tell everyone — \" \"No, no, I'll take care of it. You have another task.\" \"What's that, sir...?\" \"Leave at once.\" Albino Pirate stared at him in confusion and dismay. \"But why?\" \"Jackson will surely be looking for you. Best to get out while you still can.\" \"...I suppose you're right...\" \"Of course I am.\" \"At least let me say goodbye first — \" \"No time for that,\" Averell said, brushing past him. \"I'm terribly sorry, but I must be going.\" He stepped outside, shutting the door in Albino Pirate's face. The boy followed him. Polly was still waiting on the porch, but everyone else had gone. In the sky, dark gray clouds were gathering. \"Time to go, Polly,\" he said as he picked her up. \"We have to find another adventure.\" The dodo squawked and stretched her neck out towards the Winters mansion. \"No, Polly,\" he said. \"I told you it's time to go.\" Putting on his hat, he trudged past the buildings and into the desert as fat, cold drops of rain began to pour down. Sorry this was kind of short. I'm pretty sure that Chapter 15 will make up for it! Which might not be for a while, but still... ~ A. Kingsleigh[Chapter 14] DISCLAIMER: If you recognize it, I don't own it. Averell flinched as the door to his study creaked open. \"Father?\" Jenny asked, her voice rising with worry. \"Jennifer, how many times have I told you to knock before interrupting my work?\" She backed away. \"Sorry. I just thought...\" \"Spit it out.\" \"I can't find Albino Pirate anywhere. Have you seen him?\" \"Half an hour ago, actually. He walked off to who knows where.\" Jenny stared at him in disbelief. \"You mean he left?\" \"I'm afraid so, dear.\" Instead of going away as he'd hoped, she came into the room and sat down next to him. \"Father, there must be some kind of misunderstanding. He wouldn't just take off without saying goodbye — \" \"Yes, well, he apparently would. Now be good and leave me to my work,\" he added, looking back at his papers. Jenny's face fell. \"...Yes, Father,\" she murmured as she stood and walked to the door. Averell turned around. \"I have some good news for you!\" \"And what might that be?\" \"Phineas tells me that you and Beatrice have had quite enough of this dreadful place. We're all starting back for New York today, right after lunch. You'll like that, won't you?\" \"Um...\" \"Of course you will! Why don't you go start packing?\" He turned back to the desk before Jenny could protest. Sighing, Jenny walked back down the hall to her room. Opening the curtains, she stared through the rain at Blue Mud. With the people hiding inside and the water staining the new coats of paint on the buildings, it looked just as it had a month ago. As she began pulling dresses from her wardrobe and tossing them into a pile on the bed, her eyes happened to drift towards her desk. An open letter still sat there. The letter. \"Father,\" Jenny said as she marched back into the study with the paper clutched in her hand, \"I need to talk to you about something.\" The room, however, was empty. She was turning to go search downstairs when she noticed that her father's desk was still cluttered with papers. He never leaves his work unorganized. He would surely be back soon. Sitting at the desk, she stared at the doorway and waited for him to return. As the minutes without a sign of her father, she began to sift through the papers on the desk and place them into piles for him. Business documents filled with numbers on the left, letters on the right...whatever this was left in the center. She could tell it was a letter and written in her father's hand, but that was all. There was no heading at the top, and the words were so hastily scribbled that they were nearly ineligible. She squinted as she gradually made out the words. To Senator Cole Have located a mine sizable for our intentions in the territory. Railroad and digging obstructed by pre-existing settlement. Have enlisted the serivces of a Mr. Jackson to clear it out. I can ensure that we will have a sufficient supply of ore to show the electoral college. Senator Winters \"What are you doing in here?\" She gasped and whirled around, but her shock and fear quickly turned to anger. \"Why?\" she snapped, holding up the letter. \"I don't know what you mean...\" \"Why'd you make a deal with Jackson? What are you clearing out the town for? What's this ore you wrote about?\" He walked towards her. \"Now, Jennifer, this is going to be better for everyone — \" \"Tell me,\" she said, backing up against the open window. He lunged at her. \"Give that back!\" Twisting around, Jenny ducked away from his grasp and tumbled out the window while still holding the letter. She fell for several feet before straightening herself, reaching out and grabbing onto the sill of another window. Hastily stuffing the letter between her teeth, her other hand scrambled for a hole in the brickwork and found it. She climbed down the last few feet as she heard her father shout \"Someone go after her!\" She didn't even bother to pick up her skirts as she ran off through the mud towards town. Everything faded from her mind except who can I tell? Wait — there! The sheriff's office! \"Mr. Hedley!\" she shrieked, bursting through the front door and barely coming to a stop. Hedley appeared from the back room staring at her in confusion. \"The heck's goin' on with you?\" \"You have to show this to everyone!\" she answered, throwing the letter on the desk. \"Show it to everyone now!\" \"What is it?\" \"Could I borrow your horse, please?\" \"He's tethered outside, but — \" She ran back outside as quickly as she had come in. Hedley watched through the window as she hopped onto the horse, flicked the reins and took off at a gallop out of town, kicking up mud behind her. \"Do you think the rain's going to stop soon, Polly?\" As if on cue, the downpour suddenly became that much stronger. Sighing, Albino Pirate held Polly a little closer and leaned against the wall of the cave they had taken shelter in. \"Mr. Hedley said there weren't any other towns around here.\" Maybe they could start walking somewhere and find food along the way. Maybe they would find another wagon. Maybe the captain would find them at last. Maybe they should just stay in this cave forever and ever... Tap, tap, tap. It was a faint noise, barely louder than the raindrops, but there it was. What was it? Putting on his hat, he ventured outside the cave. \"H-Hello...?\" Tap, tap, tap. The noise was moving now, to the other side of the cave. It was like the sound wood made when it hit something, and he knew he had heard it somewhere before. \"Please wait!\" he shouted as he ran after it. He had barely gotten to the other side before he bumped into someone small, stout and leaning on a crutch. \"...Lad!\" Albino Pirate had no time to get any words out before Pirate With Gout threw an arm around him and gave him the tightest hug he'd ever received. \"We've all been worried sick about ya, lad! Why, Cap'n has nearly torn his beard out! Where on earth have ya been?\" \"It would take a rather long time to explain...\" \"You found him!\" The Pirate With Gout pushed Albino Pirate into the arms of the other crew members, who came running up to engulf him. \"Now what did I tell you, Number Two?\" the captain said triumphantly as he lifted the boy off his feet. \"I knew he was around here!\" \"Sir, you were just looking through the spyglass in the other direction.\" \"Alright, so I was hoping he'd be around here. Doesn't matter! I was starting to think we'd lost you for good, lad... so,\" he said, putting Albino Pirate down and picking up Polly, \"are you feeling alright? No broken bones? Ever captured by a giant squid?\" \"I don't think they have those here, Captain.\" \"Good! Come along, then. Boat's this way. We're going back to Blood Island, I've had quite enough of this country. The people are strange and the rivers aren't very friendly — \" \"Albino Pirate! Albino Pirate, wait!\" They turned. A small had appeared in the distance and was quickly coming at them. \"Who's that?\" Gout asked. Albino Pirate, however, had already broken away from the group and was hurrying towards the dot. \"Miss Jenny? Miss Jenny, is that you?\" The horse skidded to a stop as Jenny stumbled off the saddle and ran to him. \"Please, you've got to come back! The whole town's in danger...!\" \"But your father told me — \" \"Father's lied to all of us!\" \"Sorry to interrupt, I really am, but what's this all about?\" the captain said as the crew approached them. \"And what's all over your dress?\" Charles asked Jenny. The hem of her skirts was caked in mud from town. \"It's just mud, it's not important — \" \"Is it usually that color?\" he continued, kneeling down and scraping off a handful to examine it further. \"Yes, what of it?\" \"Captain,\" he exclaimed, standing back up, \"this is the same material that was in the mud I found last night!\" \"Are you still on that?\" \"It's saturated with silver!\" They all looked at him. \"Really?\" \"There's quite a lot just in this bit, and there's no telling how large that mine was.\" \"A mine?\" said Jenny. \"There's a mine near here?\" \"Over that way,\" the captain answered, pointing in the direction she had come from. She was already lost in her thoughts. \"So that's what he meant...\" \"What are you talking about?\" Albino Pirate asked. \"I found a letter Father wrote. He said he'd found a mine and he was going to use it for something. It's got to be right under Blue Mud! He said there was a town in the way and he's made a deal with these bandits to destroy it!\" \"You know, I think we've met them,\" the captain said. \"Horrid coves, aren't they?\" \"But what does your father want with the mine?\" Scarf asked. \"He mentioned something about the — \" BLAM! A bullet came whizzing out of nowhere and knocked the captain's hat clean off his head. \"Why does that keep happening?!\" \"Sir, I think we have more pressing matters at hand...\" \"All of ya put yer hands up or we gonna make sure ya croak real slow!\" The bandits came riding in from all directions and surrounded the group, laughing and firing off bullets. \"Don't waste 'em!\" one shouted. \"Jacky said shoot to kill!\" \"Now, now,\" said the captain, \"can't we work this out like civilized men?\" Nope, he was told by the simultaneous clicking of revolvers. \"Count o' three!\" their leader said. \"Thr-AAAHHH!\" He and his horse were knocked over as Marvin barreled into the circle, bellowing with fury and kicking anyone who dared aim a gun at the pirates. The rest of the bandits were soon scattering and screaming as the bison chased after them. \"Captain?\" Albino Pirate asked. \"What's going on?\" \"It'll all make sense later.\" \"Would someone kill that thing?!\" the bandit leader yelled as he picked himself off the ground. One of the men raised his gun, but it was blasted from his hand by a bullet as the loud, frenetic clanging of a bell filled the air. \"Weg mit dir!\" Albino Pirate cheered while his crew members simply stared at the gigantic metal barrel on its side that came roaring onto the scene. Sparks flew from its wheels, and steam poured from a pipe in the back. In the front seat sat Wechsler. He was wearing large goggles over his eyes, had the steering wheel of the horseless carriage in one hand and a rifle in the other. \"Avay vith you!\" The bandits were more than happy to oblige. \"What are you doing out here?\" Albino Pirate and Jenny asked as he stopped in front of them and took the goggles off. \"Zee sheriff sent me to bring you back! He is getting zee people together to fight your father, Miss Vinters.\" He beckoned to them, and they jumped into the contraption. \"You know how I feel about not being told things!\" the captain said. \"It vould take a fery long time to explain — \" \"Yes, I know. That's why we're coming along,\" he answered as he climbed onto Marvin's back. \"Number Two, you're with me. Think the rest of us could fit in that machine of yours?\" \"Of course! Eferyone inside!\" Wechsler declared as he put on his goggles and revved the engine. \"Ẕw nẕẖwn!\" For extra fun, the finale of the William Tell Overture should be played at this time. If this seems sloppily written, that's because it was done in roughly a day. Yeah, I don't know why. I've just been on a roll lately. It goes without saying that the next chapter's gonna be a doozy, so be there when it hits! :D ~ A. Kingsleigh[Chapter 15] DISCLAIMER: If you recognize it, I don't own it. \"James?\" Phineas called out as he and Averell stepped into the sheriff's office. \"James, are you still in here?\" \"Wasn't plannin' to leave.\" Hedley was leaning back in his chair, his feet propped up on his desk and his hat covering his eyes. \"What are y'all here for?\" \"Jennifer's run off. We're going after her as soon as we get everyone together — \" \"No, you ain't.\" Standing up, he raised a revolver and pointed it at the men. \"I don't quite know what y'all got planned with whatever's under this town. But if it lands you in the White House, it can't be good.\" They stared at the gun, eyes slightly widened. \"Why, you can hardly aim!\" Phineas finally sputtered. \"I can't, but they can.\" The angry shouts of the townspeople drifted in from outside as they surrounded the sheriff's office. \"Come out here or we're comin' in for ya! You got 'em, Jim? Bring 'em out!\" Hedley smiled. \"Wouldn't be right to disappoint my folks, now would it?\" \"...I don't think that gun is loaded, James.\" \"Maybe it ain't or maybe it is. You wanna test that hunch, boys?\" Averell stepped forward, his hands raised over his head. \"I'm sorry it has to go this way, James. I truly am. Mr. Jackson?\" A meaty hand grabbed Hedley by the neck and slammed him down onto the desk while another pried the gun from his fingers and held it to his head. \"You always was hard of hearin', Jim.\" Outside, the people screamed as more of Jackson's bandits jumped down from the roofs and advanced on them. They were waving guns and knives, grabbing children and forcing the adults into a tight circle. Jackson kicked the door open and dragged Hedley onto the porch, his arms tied behind his back. \"Now here's what's gonna happen,\" he said. \"Y'all gonna clear outta this town an' act like you was never here.\" He turned his gun on Hedley. \"An' this is what's gonna happen if y'all don't... shut that bell off!\" \"We don't know where it's comin' from, Jacky,\" one of his men said as the distant clanging quickly grew louder. \"Well, find out where it's comin' from!\" This, however, was not needed. \"Look out!\" someone screamed, and townspeople and bandits alike backed away in fear as Wechsler's car careened around with Marvin right behind it. \"Avast!\" the Pirate Captain shouted as he jumped off the bison's back waving his cutlass. \"Fear us not, good people! Unless you're one of those bandits. In which case, flee in terror!\" \"No offense,\" said Charles as the occupants of the car stumbled out, \"but I wouldn't be particularly disappointed if we never did that again.\" \"Y'all ain't ever gonna do anything again,\" Jackson hissed. He stormed off the porch through the crowd towards the pirates, and his men followed suit. \"Where's that kid?\" They quickly spotted Albino Pirate, but Pirate With Gout stepped in front of him. \"Ye'll have to get through us first.\" \"Much obliged.\" Jackson flinched as a small, hard object bounced off the back of his head. Beatrice still had her slingshot, and she had thrown a rock at him. \"Leave him alone!\" One by one, the townspeople echoed her. \"Yeah!\" they shouted. \"He ain't done nothin' wrong!\" \"Oh? An' what do y'all think yer gonna do when I kill 'im?\" The crowd was more than happy to demonstrate. Screaming, they surged forward with their weapons raised. Averell was still inside, hiding behind Hedley's desk. \"What's going on out there?\" he demanded. Phineas peered through the window. \"Nothing good, that's for certain.\" The bandits cackled as they saw the people beginning to run. The adults fled into their houses, and the children followed through flaps in the walls. \"Where ya goin', kids?\" they teased, kneeling down and trying to crawl after them. \"Ain't this fun?\" They were answered by the sensation of smoke bombs hurled in their faces, being dragged into the houses by their arms and having a shovel introduced to the backs of their heads. A bandit ducked behind a barrel placed between two buildings. Not a bad spot, he thought. Good for hiding, good for shooting from...not so good if you didn't want something breathing down your neck... \"YEOUCH!\" he screamed as Marvin clamped onto his long, scraggly hair and tried to pull it off. \"Get off!\" Pushing the bison away, he tried to flee and ran straight into the barrels of several shotguns. \"I...uh...mornin'?\" \"Come on, come on...\" \"All outta bullets, missy?\" Emma looked up to see two bandits encroaching on her. \"Jacky said we ought to come lookin' for ya,\" they said. \"He's still havin' trouble walkin', ya see.\" They laughed as she pulled a small knife from her belt and pointed it at them. \"What, you gonna kill us with that? You'd have more luck tryin' to throw us 'cross town!\" \"Not a bad idea, that,\" she said, smirking as the Pirate Who Likes Sunsets And Kittens picked them up by the collars of their shirts, banged their heads together and sent them flying through the air. Yellow-Eyes Jackson was not a particularly intelligent man, but he knew what a losing battle was. While his men were being herded into a circle in the center of town, he had grabbed a horse by the reins and was trying to get into the saddle. \"Hold still...!\" A hand pulled him to the ground. \"Can't even bother to look out fer yer own boys, huh?\" \"What do you want, Jim?\" he growled as he struggled to his feet. \"To see this done.\" \"So do I.\" Jackson reached for his gun, but it had somehow slipped from his holster. \"Don't worry,\" Hedley said as he pulled out his cutlass. \"You ain't gonna need that, anyway.\" Jackson briefly backed up in surprise before whipping a long, rusty knife from his belt and charging. He aimed for the ribs, but Hedley stepped aside at the last moment and slashed at his arm. The men slammed each others' blades together, knocking them away. Jackson's attacks came in quick, brutal bursts, and Hedley brushed them all aside with calm, powerful sweeps. The bandit's attacks began to take on a different form; punching, kicking, spitting. \"This ain't fair!\" he finally yelled as the sheriff pushed him back. \"Oh, now y'all care 'bout what's fair.\" Seeing that one of Jackson's feet was bandaged, Hedley stomped on it. Jackson shrieked in pain and fell to the ground, dropping his knife. Picking it up, Hedley held both blades to his opponent's neck. \"...Go on,\" Jackson said, pointing at his left eye. \"Take it. I know you want to.\" \"There ain't no point anymore.\" With that, Hedley hoisted him up and hauled him into the circle to join the rest of his men. \"Is that all of them?\" the Pirate Captain asked as the dust settled. \"Still got two more,\" Hedley answered as he looked to the sheriff's office. The Winters brothers had emerged onto the porch, and the crowd now advanced on them. Averell, however, was focused on the stagecoach which was slowly pulling up to the post office. \"Help!\" he shouted as he leapt off the porch, dashed across the street and flung the door open. \"The people of this town have all gone mad! You've got to... oh ...oh, hello...\" He backed away in horror as an older gentlemen in a neatly pressed black suit stepped out of the coach. \"Hello, Senator,\" the man said, looking over the damage. \"I see you've been busy.\" He strolled past the rapidly blanching Averell and towards the crowd. \"I take it that one of you is the head of law enforcement in this area?\" \"An' who are you, exactly?\" one of the men shouted. \"Martin Van Buren.\" Everyone fell silent, even the bandits. \"I...I'm the sheriff 'round these parts, Mr. President,\" Hedley said as he stepped forward with his hat in his hands. \"Jim Hedley. What can I do for y'all?\" \"It has come to my attention, Mr. Hedley, that Senator Winters has aided and abetted local criminals with the intent of gaining their assistance in his plan to manipulate the presidential election process to his own benefit. I had come to inform you of the situation and apprehend him.\" \"No offense, but we kinda knew already.\" \"If yer gonna arrest 'im,\" Jackson piped up, \"y'all better do it quick.\" \"What are you — \" Two high-pitched screams drowned out all other noises. Averell had picked up Beatrice, Phineas had grabbed Jenny and the brothers were frantically dragging the girls towards the stagecoach. \"Let go of me!\" Jenny was shouting as she struggled. \"Do as you're told and get in the coach, girl — \" \"I am never doing anything you say ever again!\" Wrenching herself free, she shoved him to the ground. He landed on one of the box traps and fell shrieking through the dirt into his waiting prison. Jenny's brief moment of elation was shattered by the sound of the stagecoach door opening and closing. \"Beatrice! No!\" Averell had already locked Beatrice in the coach, climbed up to the drivers' seat and knocked the driver off. With a flick of the reins, the coach rolled off as Beatrice fearfully looked out through the window. While the townspeople began to chase after it, Albino Pirate grabbed a revolver and darted towards one of the buildings. A ladder was propped against the side, and he climbed up it to the roof. \"What are you doing, lad?\" the captain exclaimed when he saw him. The boy hardly heard him. Raising the gun, he aimed it just below the body of the stagecoach and pulled the trigger. The bullet flew through the air and struck a back wheel of the coach right in the hub. The whole thing broke apart, and the coach wobbled before falling on its side and throwing Averell to the ground. Jenny and Wechsler tore open the door. \"It's okay now, you're safe,\" Jenny said as she pulled her sister out and hugged her. Averell spit out a mouthful of dirt as he got back up and stumbled right into Hedley's grip. \"Mr. Winters, it is my pleasure to place you under arrest. You have the right to remain silent. I'd prefer that, honestly.\" Albino Pirate scrambled down the ladder and ran to the scene, the revolver still dangling in his hand. \"Did...Did I get it?\" Everyone stared at him in awe. One of the townspeople began to clap, and the rest soon joined him. It wasn't long before they were all cheering for the boy like mad. \"Hip, hip, hooray!\" The pirates could only smile and shake their heads as their lad was hoisted onto someone's shoulders and paraded around town. Well, would you look at that. One chapter left! Be there for the ASTONISHING conclusion! ~ A. Kingsleigh[Chapter 16] DISCLAIMER: If you recognize it, I don't own it. After that, everything seemed to happen at once. Averell and Phineas spent a night in the jail before being loaded into a stagecoach and sent back east to be put on trial. When their papers were searched for evidence, the people discovered a map which showed the outlines of the silver mine. It was beneath more than just the town, it was the largest in the territory. \"Worth an untold amount, to be sure,\" the President said when he was told. \"You may have all which is located within your city limits. Even that will make you very rich indeed.\" There was no doubt in most minds that Senator Winters would be found guilty. All his property, including the railroad, would be passed to his heir. \"That being you, Miss Jennifer,\" the company lawyer said when he came to sort it all out. As the blood drained from Jenny's face, Wechsler placed a hand on her shoulder. \"Perhaps Miss Vinters would like an assistant to oversee zis business for her? At least until she comes of age?\" \"I'm not sure if — \" \"Yes!\" Jenny exclaimed. \"Yes, I would like that very much.\" Then came the matter of finding a guardian for the girls. \"It will take a while,\" the authorities were saying, \"seeing as they have no living relatives — \" \"I'll take 'em in,\" Hedley said. \"Y'know, if they're okay with it.\" The girls said that they were, and so it was done. After an evening of deliberation, the townspeople announced to Albino Pirate and the rest of the crew that they had agreed upon a proper reward for them: all the silver they could carry from the mine. \"You're the reason we even have it. It's the least we can do.\" Now here they all were. The pirates had found their ship and brought it to town, and the captain was eagerly calculating the maximum number of barrels he could fit inside. The people were helping load them into the hold, Marvin was trying to eat Wechsler's blueprint for a track-laying machine, and the children were standing with Hedley on his porch watching it all. \"Will you go back to Blood Island after this?\" Jenny asked Albino Pirate. He nodded. \"Captain will want to show this to everyone.\" \"Maybe you can come back sometime!\" Beatrice chirped. \"Maybe I will.\" \"Come on, lad!\" the captain shouted. \"It's your turn to man the crows' nest!\" \"Best o' luck to ya, boy,\" Hedley said, tipping his hat. \"Haf a safe voyage, mein kleiner Freund!\" \"We're going to miss you!\" \"Yes,\" Jenny added. \"We all are.\" Albino Pirate hugged them, and they watched as he hurried up the gangplank and disappeared into the boat. Looking up, Beatrice saw that her sister's smile had already faded. \"Are you alright, Jenny?\" \"I'm fine enough...\" As she watched the last barrels being loaded, Jenny noticed that one of them was still open and empty. \"...Beatrice?\" she asked, kneeling down. \"I want you to be very good for me. Can you do that?\" \"Yes, but why?\" \"There's something very important that I have to do, and it might be a very long time before we see each other again. Do you understand?\" \"...I think so.\" \"Good,\" she said, smiling and hugging her sister. \"Mr. Hedley, I'm going to need some straw and a lid for that barrel.\" Hedley nodded knowingly. \"Whatever you say, Princess.\" The Pirate Captain breathed in the salty sea air and whistled a shanty as he strolled across the deck of the Pirate Ship. \"Good to be back, isn't it, lad?\" he asked Albino Pirate, who was sitting at the stern. \"Yes, sir,\" he answered halfheartedly. \"We're all quite proud of you, you know. Thought we'd have a Ham Night to celebrate. Doesn't that sound nice?\" The boy smiled and nodded. \"There's that grin of yours!\" the captain said, clapping him on the shoulder. \"Now, I need you to go take some inventory. Make it quick!\" Albino Pirate let his glumness reappear as he dropped into the hold and began to count the tightly packed barrels of silver. One, two, three...what were his other friends doing right now? And why was that barrel moving? He watched as it pushed itself off the top of a stack, fell onto its side and rolled across the floor to his feet. \"Why won't you open...?\" \"...Miss Jenny?\" A force from inside the barrel pushed the lid off, and out she tumbled. \"Just a little lightheaded, that's all.\" \"What are you doing here?\" he asked as he helped her up. \"It seemed like a good idea,\" she answered, picking straw out of her hair. \"I wanted to be sure I got on board.\" \"Lad?\" they heard the captain call out. \"Is everything alright down there?\" He and the others entered the hold and stopped short at the sight of Jenny. \"I've come to join your crew, sir,\" she said, straightening herself up. \"Er...I didn't get the impression that you were much of a pirate, miss.\" \"I'm not much of what I used to be, either, and I'd rather not go back to it. I know a bit of fighting. I can earn my keep, I promise you that.\" The captain was still trying to process what was going on. \"Are you quite sure...?\" \"Yes.\" \"...Well,\" he finally said, \"I see no reason why you can't come along. Are we all in agreement?\" The others nodded, Albino Pirate most enthusiastically of all. \"Then welcome aboard! Number Two, remind me to set out an extra place for tonight. How'd you like a tour? The hold's not the greatest first impression...\" The boat continued its voyage to Blood Island, its crew failing to notice a certain bison swimming along behind them. |~| The End |~| Wow. I'm having a hard time believing it's finally done. All that planning, all that buildup, and now it's finally done. I actually feel a bit empty inside now... On a happier note, I'd like to thank all my friends who have followed me on this ride. I have to plan out the next story and school's going to start in a few weeks, so it may be a while before the adventures continue. Until then, happy trails, y'all. -puts on Stetson and rides off into sunset- ~ A. Kingsleigh ","Summary":" YEE-HAW! Howdy, partners! It's time to saddle up, grab your ten-gallon hats and ride into the sunse"},{"Movie":"Winnie the Pooh","Title":"Ashdown High","Author":"ErinMilne","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10795650","Passage":"[Chapter 1] September A CD of forest sounds gently lulled Winston \"Winnie\" DePuh out of dreamland. It can't be 6:30 already , he thought as he woozily opened his eyes and stared at the display of his clock-radio. \"Yep, it is,\" he then murmured aloud as he hit the \"stop\" button and rolled, still sleepy, out of bed and wandered toward the clothes he'd set out the night before. It was his favorite outfit - a simple red T-shirt and a pair of yellow pants. Paired with Winnie's golden complexion and blonde hair, it looked great. And today, of all days, Winnie wanted to look his best. It was the first day of Winnie's sophomore year, and he needed to set a good example for the freshmen. Winnie trotted down the stairs and into the kitchen, where his mother had set out a plate of scrambled eggs for him. He discreetly slid into his chair, grabbed the honey bottle, and began to drizzle the contents over his meal. Winnie loved honey in every way, shape and form, and it had to be included in every meal he ate. Both his mother and father found this habit strange, but put up with it anyway. As Winnie began to hurriedly devour the eggs, his mother asked over her shoulder, \"Did you sleep well, honey? Don't want to fall asleep in class today...\" \"Yeah, I slept well. What time does the bus get here?\" Winnie asked his mother. \"In about half an hour,\" she replied. \"Plenty of time to get ready, so eat slowly, Winston, please!\" Winnie muttered, \" Please don't call me Winston, Mother,\" and finished his breakfast more slowly. After putting on a pair of loafers, he went over to the bathroom, where he did a few exercises in front of the full-length mirror - mainly touching his toes - and tugged a comb through his bedhead. After packing his lunch, a PBH - peanut butter and honey sandwich - with a few carrot sticks and some yogurt and making sure his backpack contained all his notebooks and an after-school snack, Winnie said a quick goodbye to his parents and headed out the door to the bus stop. On the way, he composed a piece of poetry, as he so often did, specifically for the occasion. It went something like this: Although the summer has been fun, It's time for school once more. With teachers, classmates, books, and tests, It sometimes feels a chore. But there are also fun times, too, Like dances, games, and fairs. The other schools cannot compete, But we don't put on airs. It wasn't exactly Longfellow, but Winnie liked it. He arrived at the bus stop just as the bus was pulling up. Joining the small crowd, Winnie boarded the bus, found a window seat, and mentally recited his poem the whole way to school. Ashdown High School was your typical high school, hosting ninth through twelfth grade. Winnie swept through the double front doors of the school, searching for the principal's office. During the course of his freshman year, he had memorized the locations of all the important places on campus, including the place he was looking for. As he headed down the crowded main hallway to Principal Milne's office, Winnie was suddenly knocked down flat and found himself looking into a familiar face. \"Winnie! How ya doin', ol' pal?\" said Winnie's attacker excitedly. Winnie grinned and responded, \"Nice to see you, too, Tyler.\" Tyler McBounce was the same age as Winnie, and the two were best friends. Most bystanders couldn't understand how the overly energetic and uber-athletic Tyler and the quiet, artsy Winnie had ever become friends, but the two both had a fondness for the sort of \"everyday adventures\" that so often occurred at Ashdown High. Tyler was on every sports team Ashdown High had - he was a Tiger through and through, although he often mispronounced the teams' names as \"the Tiggers\". Dressed in an orange-and-black track suit, Tyler helped his friend up and asked him, \"You goin' to see ol' Prince Apple to get your schedule?\" Winnie responded, \"Why, yes, I am! Would you like to come with me?\" Tyler didn't answer verbally, but dragged Winnie towards the principal's office, his fiery red hair looking like a meteor among the other clumps of students. Winnie was out of breath by the time they found the office, but Tyler was as jumpy as ever. The two sophomores joined the line extending outside the office and waited for their turn. It took the longest time, but eventually, Winnie and Tyler found themselves standing in front of Principal Milne's desk. The principal greeted them warmly - \"Winston! Tyler! Did you two enjoy your summer?\" Winnie spoke for both himself and his friend when he responded, \"Oh, we did. Anyway, we need to pick up our schedules.\" \"Oh, yes,\" said Principal Milne, pawing through a file cabinet. \"Let me see... Ah, here they are. Winston DePuh and Tyler McBounce. Looks like you share a few classes this year - and you both got the electives you signed up for.\" Handing Winnie and Tyler each a piece of paper, the principal sent them off with, \"Have a good year!\" and a wave. Looking over their schedules, Winnie and Tyler discovered that they were in the same math and science classes. Winnie was also enrolled in a fine arts class, while Tyler had chosen P. E. as his elective. Tyler then ran off to his locker, calling back to Winnie, \"TTFN! Ta ta for now!\" Winnie waved at his friend, chuckled, and headed off to find his own locker. Once Winnie found his locker, he opened his backpack and began to place his notebooks and folders inside. Out of the corner of his eye, he noticed Edgar Thistleton, a fellow sophomore, with a small student, likely a freshman. Winnie knew Edgar well, though the two weren't exactly friends. Edgar was the pessimistic type, always focusing on the worst in other every person and situation he encountered. Winnie, who was more of an optimist, now stepped toward the two students to see what was going on. \"You don't seem to be in the right wing of the school, little freshman,\" Edgar, wearing baggy grey clothing, was saying to the pink-clad freshman, who was clearly shaking in his shoes. Winnie knew where this would go, so he interrupted, \"Well, Edgar, why don't you show him over to the freshman lockers? I'm sure our little friend here would be glad for the help.\" Edgar's eyes opened wide in surprise, but the black-haired student didn't say anything. Instead, he stepped away, mumbling something to himself. Winnie turned to the freshman and said, \"Edgar's like that all the time; don't worry about it. Would you like help finding the freshman lockers?\" The freshman replied, \"Y-y-yes, I-I-I would,\" but didn't say anything else. As the two walked, they shared some light words. Winnie learned that his new friend's name was Percy Squealer, that he was very bookish and had few friends, and that he lived at 5555 Beech Lane, just a block or two away from Winnie's house at 4132 Sanders Way. The two arranged to meet in the library during lunch to chat some more and do what homework they had received by then. Once Percy had found his locker, Winnie waved goodbye to him and headed back to his own locker. On the way back to the sophomore lockers, Winnie noticed a girl surrounded by other students. Winnie hadn't seen her before, but she looked to be about his age. The girl wore a silvery fur coat over a white blouse and a gray velvet skirt, and had long, luxurious brown hair and piercing golden eyes. \"My name is Lottie von Rivers,\" she said to the crowd. \"My family is very rich, and we know all of the best people. I have high expectations for my experience here at your little public high school.\" I certainly hope she's not in any of my classes this year, thought Winnie. She's too stuck-up for my liking. Winnie's first period was science, taught by Mrs. Austers. She was an amazing teacher, helping any student who needed it. Both Winnie and Tyler liked her immensely. Next was literature with Dr. Strigiform - extremely boring; Winnie found himself only paying attention to about half of what he was saying (mostly about himself and his famous family). Third period was math, and the teacher was the strict Mr. Bunton. Both Winnie and Tyler found themselves disliking this teacher, as did Lottie, who happened to be in this class as well, to Winnie's distaste. After eating his lunch, Winnie met with Percy, as the two had planned. The two chatted about their days thus far. Percy had met a very nice girl in a few of his classes, named Kessie. However, he was too shy to get to know her. Winnie, in turn, told him about Lottie. After lunch was a language class - in Winnie's case, German. Then came his favorite class, fine arts. Winnie immediately liked the teacher, a Ms. Hedgeting, and her method of asking what the students' \"specialties\" were. After fine arts was history and Mr. Robin. Lottie was in this class, too, and attempted to butter up the teacher, but Mr. Robin didn't care. He didn't even mind Edgar being excessively negative. Winnie knew that this was a good teacher. After the final bell, each student was given a handout about extracurriculars and community service. As Winnie read the handout, he decided on Poetry Club for an extracurricular. Well, he thought as he stepped on his bus, this is going to be an interesting year, I can tell![Chapter 2] October It was the day every student at Ashdown High found exciting. The day of the first track meet of the season! This was all the students could talk about in the hallways; the teachers had a hard time keeping students on task; general excitement filled the school. However, when Winnie heard the announcement over the intercom, excitement was replaced with dread. \"Will Percival Squealer, Winston DePuh, and Tyler McBounce report to Principal Milne's office immediately? Thank you,\" crackled the loudspeaker. Whenever a student was asked to come to the principal's office \"immediately\", it usually meant something bad. Winnie and Tyler were glad to leave Mr. Bunton's class early (Mr. McBounce, control yourself! And Mr. DePuh, please pay attention!), but both had pounding hearts as they walked down the hall to the principal's office. When Percy joined the pair, Winnie noticed that even he was more apprehensive than usual. Inside Principal Milne's office, Percy blurted out immediately, \"Are you going to expel us, Mr. Principal?\" Principal Milne laughed out loud; the threesome was confused. \"Of course not!\" the principal said. \"I just want you to walk over to Ashdown Elementary and hand out stickers to spread awareness of the track meet tonight. Do you think you can do that?\" Tyler shouted, \"You betcha!\", Percy nodded shyly, and Winnie shrugged and said, \"You can count on us, Mr. Milne.\" After getting the stickers from the secretary and surprising the janitor, the bucktoothed Mr. Diggins (S(whistle)houldn't you kids(whistle) be in class(whistle)?), the threesome walked the short distance from Ashdown High to the nearby elementary school. As Tyler and Percy stared in awe at the bright, colorful murals adorning the front office, Winnie explained their mission to the desk person, who let them on their way. Each boy took a sticker sheet and headed down one of the three hallways protruding from the office area, where still more artwork awaited them. Winnie's first stop was a second-grade classroom. He knocked on the door, which opened with ease. Twenty-two pairs of tiny eyes immediately turned on him; the teacher remarked, \"Well, it seems we have a visitor. Please make this quick, young man.\" Winnie recited his hastily prepared speech - \"Hello, I'm from Ashdown High, and I'd like to remind all of you to come to the track meet tonight. Go Tigers!\" The kids continued to stare at him blankly, so Winnie started handing out stickers. This generated a bit of excitement, but the teacher still seemed a bit annoyed. Winnie did his best to ignore the expression on her face as he worked. One student Winnie gave a sticker to looked a bit familiar. He was wearing shorts and a blue tee, and the name tag on his desk read, \"Ryan\". Winnie recalled Mrs. Austers talking about her son during some class downtime, but decided not to dwell on it and continue working. He soon had given each student a sticker and left the room, much to the teacher's pleasure. Outside the doors to the cafetorium, Winnie, Percy, and Tyler reunited. Each boy was down to the last third of his sticker sheet. Percy had figured out that a lot of the older students were eating lunch, so the three entered the large room and handed out the rest of their stickers. On the way back to Ashdown High, Winnie, Percy, and Tyler shared their experiences giving stickers in the classrooms. Tyler revealed that he had \"sorta kinda accidentally on purpose\" knocked over a bookshelf in a third-grade room, Percy related getting bothered by some fourth-graders (\"Th-th-they were taller than m-m-me!\"), and Winnie told about Ryan and the nasty second-grade teacher. By the time they returned to school, lunch was almost over, but the buzz about the meet had not died down. It wasn't going to, either - not until the big event itself. That night, the bleachers were packed with students from all over the Disney Unified School District. Athletes were stretching before the events; fans were chatting and cheering alike. The usual rivalries were already playing out - students from Toontown and Ashdown were arguing over whose team would score in the most events, Seventh Hillsies and Pridesters were competing to see who could cheer the loudest, and the Chernabog people were just badmouthing everyone. As he and Percy attempted to find a place to sit in the din, Winnie started thinking about a poem: Some people are fans, some people are not, But all are here for fun. Even if competition gets really hot, All are here for fun. Winnie recited his work to Percy, who liked the poem as well. As they continued, the two recited it together, Winnie taking the changing lines and Percy whispering the \"All are here for fun\"s. Eventually, the two found a pair of empty seats with a good view of the track and sat down. As they were making themselves comfortable, Winnie heard a cheery voice say, \"Hiya!\" he turned to one side and saw a boy and a girl sitting to the immediate left of him and Percy. Both kids had black hair and *ahem* rather large ears. The boy wore a white shirt with yellow buttons and red pants, while the girl wore a deep turquoise blouse and a red skirt with white polka dots, with a deep pink bow on a headband in her hair. \"Hello,\" said Winnie. \"Who are you?\" The boy replied, \"I'm Mitchell Rodentin, but I go by Mickey. That's my twin sister Minnie. We're sophomores at Toontown. And you are...?\" \"Winston DePuh, but I prefer the name Winnie. This is my friend, Percy Squealer. He's a freshman and I'm a sophomore, but we both attend Ashdown. So, are you just here to watch the races?\" asked Winnie. \"Well, yeah,\" Mickey said, \"But we're also looking of a pal of mine. Horace Horsecollar. He's a senior. Most athletic person I know. He's on all the Beaver teams and he's president of our Key Club.\" Winnie replied, \"Sounds like my friend Tyler McBounce. He's only a sophomore, but he's a Tiger through and through.\" The two chatted until a voice from the announcer's booth cut through the crowd, proclaiming, \"Ladies and gents, welcome to the first Disney Unified track meet of the school year! Our first event - the hundred-meter-hurdle. Let's see who's competing for each school, shall we? First up, representing the Toontown Beavers, Dexter Goof!\" A tall, skinny kid in a red-and-blue uniform ambled to the starting position. Mickey buried his face into his hands and murmured, \"We're gonna fail this one.\" Winnie asked, \"How do you know? Dexter hasn't even jumped yet.\" Mickey looked awkward. \"Well, ya see, Dexter is one of my best pals, but he's not very good at sports. To be honest, he's not very good at anything. I just hope he makes it this time.\" The announcer continued, \"Representing the Ashdown Tigers, Tyler McBounce!\" Tyler, wearing forest green and gold, raced into position behind Dexter. Winnie joined his schoolmates in cheering for their champion, and even Percy managed a \"yay\". \"Representing the Palace Wolves, Pocahontas Powhatan!\" A copper-skinned girl with black hair, maybe a junior, in pink and white stepped confidently into line. \"Representing the Chernabog Demons, Gaston LeGrand!\" A muscled, black-haired senior boy swaggered into place, showing off his black and red uniform. Everyone except the Chernabog students let out a loud boo! \"Representing the Seventh Hill Chargers, Sven Bjorgman!\" A kid with messy brown hair, probably a sophomore, looking a little uncomfortable in the brown and white uniform, slowly stepped into place. Winnie could have sworn he heard a few cheers among the Palace people, but decided to watch the meet first and investigate later. \"And last but not least, representing the Pride Lions, Bambi Deerson!\" A small, brown-haired, doe-eyed freshman in gold and red tiptoed into position. Dexter was first to jump. He took a running start, but ended up stuck in the first hurdle. As the Toontown coach stepped up to help Dexter, his score was given: zero. Mickey sighed and said, \"That's Dexter for you.\" Tyler jumped next. He was able to clear three hurdles at a time, easily making it to the finish bar. His score was a 9.5. Winnie smiled. \"That's Tyler for you.\" Pocahontas's score was a 9, Gaston received a 7.5, Sven scored 8.5, and Bambi got an 8. Tyler was the clear winner of the event. As his name was announced, the crowd went wild. Mickey and Minnie clapped right alongside Winnie and Percy. By the time the meet was over, Winnie knew that he had gained a new friend in Mickey - the kind of friend that's a true kindred spirit.[Chapter 3] October/November It was that time of year again. Election Day was coming up, and Ashdown High used the same day to elect student council members. Classes hadn't started yet, and Winnie was holding a heated discussion with Percy and Tyler. \"Do you two think I should run this year?\" asked Winnie. \"Sure!\" said Tyler. \"The whole school knows and likes you. I just know you'd come out numero uno!\" Winnie responded, \"True, I do have a lot of friends. But I've never done anything like this before. I don't even know which office to aim for.\" Tyler shouted, \"Easy-peasy-lemon-squeasy! You should be the president! I'd run with you as the vicer.\" \"I c-c-could be your campaign m-m-manager,\" Percy added shyly. \"I've already thought of a slogan - 'Winnie DePuh and Tyler, Too'. It's got historical significance and a nice ring to it.\" \"Well...\" Winnie paused. \"I guess I'll try. With friends like you working with me, what could go wrong?\" The campaign was in full swing. Winnie's opponent for student-council president actually turned out to be Edgar, with a freshman called Jeremy Nuttings as a running mate. Winnie knew he had his work cut out for him, since Edgar was a better student than he was by far. But Edgar was also a bully whom no one enjoyed being around, whereas Winnie was friendly with everyone and quite popular. The hallways were plastered with posters announcing, \"Vote Thistleton If You Really Care\" and \"Winnie DePuh and Tyler, Too!\" Hallway debates over which candidate was more likely to win ranged from quiet discussions to full-fledged arguments. The candidates themselves took very different approaches to campaigning. Edgar told anyone who asked that he would \"change things\" at school, but didn't say how. Winnie and his team, on the other hand, ran a positive and active race. Winnie made occasional speeches on demand for anyone who asked; they often rhymed. He and his friends set up clear goals - building the school's sense of community, making sure everyone had a chance for an A in every class, and making sure the arts had a predominant role in the curriculum. As the day of the election drew nearer, all the student body could talk about was \"Winnie or Edgar?\" Finally, finally , the day arrived. Before first period, most students were crammed in the cafeteria, casting their votes or waiting to do so. Winnie was not one of them. Instead, he waited outside Mrs. Austers's science classroom for the bell. Student politics had taken its toll on the sophomore. He was worn out, and his grades were starting to show it. At least his friendships had not been affected by the pressures of the campaign. Edgar walked by, hood over his eyes, studying for his own first period. Winnie waved and said, \"That was a great campaign. I think you're going to win.\" \"Probably not,\" grumbled Edgar. \"Student government isn't that fun anyway. I'm going to lose this election for sure.\" With that, Edgar walked away. Winnie shrugged. Edgar would always be negative, complements aside. Whether that was a good thing or a bad thing, Winnie didn't know. He expected he never would. The votes were in. Edgar had won the election by a reasonably-sized margin. Winnie was, honestly, glad. Tyler wasn't. \"What happened? We coulda won that!\" Tyler asked Winnie as they walked down the hall from science. Winnie's response was, \"Tyler, that was fate. Edgar and I had equal chances of getting the office. Besides, I don't think I'm cut out for student politics.\" Tyler shrugged. \"At least you tried it out. Hey, wanna hit that new coffee shop downtown after school?\" \"Sure!\" Winnie smiled. Honey scones were better than campaigning any day. A. N. Feel free to offer suggestions for future chapters. I have some in mind, but I am open to any ideas you guys might have.[Chapter 4] November Winnie stared at the poster that had appeared overnight on the cafeteria wall: Ashdown High Players Present: Seussical the Musical! Auditions take place on Friday, after school in the theater. Talk to Mrs. Hedgeting for more details. \"Seussical?!\" Tyler cried, beginning to bounce up and down. \"Do you have any idea how awesomely amazingly stoomedous that play is?!\" Winnie did know. He'd always enjoyed Dr. Seuss as a kid - the rhyming, the funny pictures, everything had captured his heart. Once he'd figured out there was a play version, he got the CD as soon as he could. Seussical was still one of his favorite shows. Winnie turned to Tyler and said, \"Mrs. Hedgeting is my fine arts teacher. I'll talk to her before I make any decisions, but I would really like to do this.\" Tyler wasn't really listening, though, he was still bouncing off the walls. Winnie sighed and shook his head, a small smile appearing on his face. This is going to be fun, he thought. \"Well, looks like that wraps up our lesson for today,\" announced Mrs. Hedgeting. \"Free study period!\" Some of Winnie's fine arts classmates got out homework from other classes, while some chose to chat amongst themselves. Winnie had a certain purpose in mind today, though. He stepped up to the desk at the front where Mrs. Hedgeting kept her things. \"Mrs. Hedgeting?\" asked Winnie. \"I wanted to ask about the school play.\" The fine arts teacher smiled. \"Seussical? Are you interested in trying out?\" \"Of course,\" said Winnie, smiling. \"So what would I have to do to get the part of, say, Horton?\" \"Horton? That's a lead role, but I think you'd be great in it. Let's see... every audition has to show that the actor or actress can 'become' the character in both singing and speaking. You'd have to perform the 'I say, how confusing' monologue and, for singing, the first part of 'Alone in the Universe'. Think you can handle that?\" \"Sure,\" smiled Winnie. \"By the way, a friend of mine wants to do the Cat in the Hat...\" \"That character's opening lines and the first verse of 'Oh, the Thinks You Can Think',\" was Mrs. Hedgeting's answer. Winnie told her, \"Thank you. I guess I'll see you there on Friday,\" returning to his desk. \"Winnie DePuh, you're up!\" called Mrs. Hedgeting. Winnie took a deep breath and stepped onto the stage. He'd been practicing the part in all of his spare time, and now he could put it to the test. \"Do the monologue first,\" suggested his teacher. Winnie took a deep breath and began, \"I say, how confusing! I've never heard tell of a small speck of dust that was able to yell. So, you know what I think? I think that there must be someone on top of that small speck of dust!\" He paused for a second (for effect, of course) and continued, \"Some poor little person who's shaking with fear that he'll blow in the pool! He has no way to steer!\" He sighed. \"He's alone in the universe...\" \"Nice job, Winnie!\" called Mrs. Hedgeting, who then called to the sound booth, \"Cue the music for 'Alone in the Universe - start at the first key change!\" As the music drifted onto the stage, Winnie took it in for a moment, then began to sing: There are secrets on a leaf, in the water, in the air: Hidden planets, tiny worlds, all invisible. Not a person seems to know, not a person seems to care. There is no one who believes a thing I say! Well, I'm fairly certain, at one time or other, Great thinkers all feel this way... He paused for a moment, sighed almost mournfully, and continued: I'm alone in the universe. So alone in the universe. I've found magic, but they don't see it. They all call me a lunatic. Okay, call me a lunatic. If I stand on my own, so be it... 'Cause I have wings! Yes, I can fly Around the moon And far beyond the sky. And one day soon, I know there you'll be - One small voice in the universe, One true friend in the universe Who believes in me... \"Excellent!\" called Mrs. Hedgeting as the music died away. \"I'll have the cast list posted by Monday, at least. Think you can wait that long?\" \"I consider myself very patient,\" Winnie responded. \"I can wait till then. Tell Tyler I said good luck.\" Gathering his books for German, he left the theatre in a very happy mood. Seussical - Cast List The Cat in the Hat - Tyler McBounce Horton the Elephant - Winston DePuh Jojo - Eric Chipper Gertrude McFuzz - Sara Hareling Mayzie LaBird - Lottie von Rivers \"Congrats! You got the part! Horton is, like, the top dog of the show!\" Tyler was clearly excited about the results of the auditions. Winnie was, too, but he chose not to show it. He'd first noticed the list that morning, but Tyler had been at track practice. Winnie felt honored to have been chosen to play Horton. The first rehearsal would be in a week. Winnie couldn't wait. \"Okay, this is it, everyone! Break a leg!\" called Mrs. Hedgeting. It was the big night. The theatre was packed, and the cast was twittering around backstage. Percy had signed on as a member of the stage crew at Winnie's suggestion, so the two were chatting before the curtain opened. \"I'm worried that I'll play the wrong song at the wrong time,\" confided Percy. \"Or that I'll mess up the lights. Or -\" Winnie interrupted, \"You won't. You're a smart kid; you can help make this play a success. I believe in you.\" The two shared a hug just before Mrs. Hedgeting called out, \"Places!\" Percy hurried to his booth, Winnie to the wings. The stage became dark, Eric stepped on, and the play began. \"Now that is a very unusual hat...\" The show was a success. Winnie didn't miss a single cue or line, Sara played Gertrude so well that Winnie found it hard not to notice her, and Tyler stole the show as the Cat. Winnie felt that his memories of the fantastical show would remain with him for all time.[Chapter 5] December It was all over the school - posters and conversations alike. The Winter Formal had been announced. This was the school's biggest event of the year. The administration would rent out the ballroom of the Galleon's Lap Clubhouse downtown for the night, the Social Committee would always provide the perfect music, just enough food, and all the rest. Winnie was looking forward to going with Tyler and Percy; all he wanted to do was have fun (and maybe have a couple honey cakes if they had them). On this particular morning, Winnie was in the cafeteria cramming for a literature test later that day, when Lottie sidled up next to him. At first, he didn't notice her, being so engrossed in Huckleberry Finn . He'd just gotten to the part where the \"duke and king\" were putting on a con show, and considering a rhyme for \"dirty rascals\" (he was making up a rhyme to help him remember the chapter's events), when he heard Lottie's smooth, silky voice whispering, \"Why, hello, Winston. Terribly sorry to have interrupted your reading.\" \"No, you're fine,\" Winnie replied, scooting down the seat. Lottie followed suit. She leaned in so close to him that Winnie thought he might topple over. Lottie continued, \"Your school's winter formal is coming up, if you haven't noticed...\" \"And I have...\" \"Well, I've been wondering if a handsome young man like you would agree to take me to the dance.\" \"Some of us have luck, some of us don't, there you go.\" \"That was a suggestion, not a random thought.\" \"Look, Lottie, I already have plans for the Formal. I'm going with some friends. Some male friends. Besides, I think Edgar's more your speed.\" \"Plans can change...\" \"Look, Lottie, I gotta get to class!\" With that, Winnie stood up and raced out of the cafeteria. As it turned out, a monkey wrench was thrown into Winnie's Formal plans. Percy had managed to work up the courage to ask Kessie out to the dance, and Tyler had been asked to babysit for Mrs. Austers, an offer he couldn't refuse. Winnie had considered going on his own, but Lottie had continued to pester him about taking her. Finally, he had caved and purchased a ticket for her as well as himself. After weeks of preparation and anxiety, the big night arrived. Winnie, taking advantage of his newly acquired driver's licence, slowly parked his father's car on the curb outside the von Rivers mansion. The mere size of the house was imposing enough, but the decor almost made it too much for Winnie's eyes. The boy inhaled and exhaled, patted down his neatly combed hair, adjusted his chartreuse necktie, and stepped up to the door. The elaborate golden knocker hung down at eye level. With some difficulty, Winnie lifted and released it. The door opened, revealing an immaculately tuxedoed butler, who said with a crisp British accent, \"Welcome to Fortitude Hall. Your name and business?\" Winnie offered his hand for a shake. \"I'm Winnie DePuh,\" he said, \"and I'm here for Lottie. We're supposed to go to the Winter Formal together.\" \"Ah, yes, Miss Lottie is in the parlor waiting for you. Her parents are with her. Please follow me.\" The butler turned on his heal without shaking Winnie's hand and stepped into the corridor. With a small sigh, Winnie followed him. The main hallway of Fortitude Hall was brightly lit with candled chandeliers and plastered with portraits and tapestries. Winnie couldn't help gazing at the luxury around him as he walked behind the butler. Lottie's family really was rich! Eventually, Winnie and the butler arrived at the parlor. Lottie was sitting on an embroidered armchair, wearing a silver lame dress with a fur necklet draped over her shoulders. Winnie hoped he looked just as presentable. On a nearby sofa sat two adults whom Winnie assumed were Lottie's mom and dad. Apparently, her hair and eyes had been inherited from her parents - both traits were present in both. Winnie felt sweaty all over, his heart beginning to pound. \"Ah, hi... Mr. and Mrs. von Rivers... I'm Winnie...\" Apparently, Lottie's parents weren't very keen on conversation, making their meeting short (which, in Winnie's opinion, was a good thing). At quarter till eight, Winnie and Lottie got in the borrowed car and left for Galleon's Lap. Lottie spent most of the ride subtly badmouthing the car; Winnie tried to focus on the radio and the road. At last, the two arrived at the clubhouse. \"You have our tickets, I presume?\" Lottie asked silkily. Winnie nodded, fished them out of his pocket, and waved them. Lottie didn't respond verbally, instead tossing her hair and stepping towards the lighted clubhouse. With a sigh and a roll of the eyes, Winnie followed her. The two entered the ballroom in the middle of a fast-paced song. Just like Winnie's memories of last year, the room was glorious. Bathed in thick, almost honey-like light, it seemed almost like a sunny summer day, except for the glittering decor strung everywhere. Already, the room was crowded with kids dancing, chatting and/or snacking, many of whom Winnie knew. It was almost something out of a dream. Lottie almost immediately ran off to chat with some friends, so Winnie was left on his own. He decided that he would spend some quality time at the food table. Winnie was about to dive into a delicious-smelling honey cake when something in the far corner of his vision snagged his attention. Was that Tyler messing around with a kid nearby? Winnie stepped over to investigate, but before he could say hello to Tyler, he found himself on the floor. \"Glad you made it, buddy-boy!\" exclaimed Tyler. \"The night's still young, and the action's just begun!\" 'What are you doing here, Tyler?\" inquired Winnie. \"It's nice to see you and all, but I thought you were supposed to be babysitting for Mrs. Austers. She's chaperoning!\" Tyler laughed. \"Oh, I know that, Win. I told her that I really wanted to go to the dance, but sitting for Ryan here would get in the way, and she said I could take Ryan! How cool is that? Mrs. Austers is awesome!\" \"If that's the case, then what are we waiting for?\" asked Winnie with a chuckle. Ryan piped up, \"I know you! You gave our class stickers for the first race of the year.\" \"That's right.\" Winnie smiled at Ryan. \"I thought you looked familiar that day. Your mom talks about you a lot, you know.\" \"Yeah, Mama's so nice,\" answered Ryan. \"And Tyler is the best babysitter ever!\" \"Aw, thanks, pal!\" cried Tyler, starting to blush. The tree continued to chat for a while before moving on to the dance floor. Tyler was rather energetic and wild, Ryan tried to copy Tyler, and Winnie wasn't bad at dancing either. They even ran into Percy and Kessie after a while. Winnie had never met Kessie before, and she seemed like a nice person. She was small, like Percy, dressed in blue. Winnie was surprised to learn that Mr. Bunton was her adoptive father. They all got along smoothly, and soon a new addition to their group had been made. Eventually, a slow-dance song came up. The lights dimmed, and kids scrambled to find partners. Percy paired up with Kessie, of course, and Tyler with Ryan. Winnie was left on his own - until he felt a hand on his shoulder. Lottie's. He sighed, but turned around and took her hand, and the two swayed gently back and forth. Occasionally, Lottie leaned in with puckered lips, but Winnie quickly leaned away before a connection could be made. At last, the slow dance was over, and the night was beginning to wind down. Winnie was starting to get sleepy, and wanted to head home. Fortunately, his date had the same opinion. They headed out to the parking lot and got right into the car. \"Not the best formal dance I've ever been to,\" declared Lottie as they drove away, \"But not completely undesirable, either.\" Winnie said nothing in response. He was too busy thinking about all the great memories that had been made tonight. One thing was certainly for sure - this had been one of the best nights of his life. Despite his overly conceited date, of course.[Chapter 6] January That cloud looks like a porcupine. I wonder, what rhymes with porcupine ? Such were the thoughts passing through Winnie's head on this particular morning, as he daydreamed out the bus window, Percy seated beside him. The sun was shining, the birds were singing, it was a lovely day. Unfortunately, this perfect day was about to be shattered. The bus creaked to a halt for the - what was it, ninth? - time that day, letting the usual crowd on to find seats. Winnie watched this intently, as the scenery was getting boring. He was surprised, though, to see a pair of new kids walk down the hall with the ones he knew. A girl and a boy. The girl was large, but it seemed to be from equal parts muscle and fat. Her hair was curly and the color of rust. The boy, on the other hand, was skinny, with shifty eyes and a mop of dusty brown hair. Winnie couldn't quite place it, but something about these kids made him nervous. The boy sidled up to Percy. \"Hey kid, got any cash?\" he whispered huskily. \"No,\" Percy whimpered. Winnie said nothing, but looked on, ready at any moment to defend his friend. \"Oh, that's too bad,\" replied the boy. \"Ellie and I were really hoping you'd have some on you...\" \"That's okay, I do!\" interrupted Winnie. Grabbing his wallet from a backpack pocket, he reached inside and pulled out a dollar. \"Will this be enough?\" he inquired. The girl looked Winnie directly in the eyes. \"Don't think this nice routine will hold us off for long,\" she growled. \"Because it won't. Mark my words, Blondie. You will pay with more than cash.\" With that, the two kids left for the back of the bus. Percy looked at Winnie with apprehension. Winnie knew exactly what his pal was thinking - those kids could only mean one thing, and that was trouble. \"So, who are they?\" Kessie inquired. She, along with Percy, Tyler, and Kessie, were sitting together at their usual spot to one side of the Ashdown High cafeteria. Their conversation had started out with more conventional topics - i.e. opinions about teachers, questions and comments about homework, and so on - but the interest quickly spread to the new kids. \"I dunno about that boy,\" Tyler answered through a mouthful of pepperoni pizza, \"but the girl's in my P.E. class. Name's Ellie Heffers. Coach says she transferred from Cherna. She was tripping people left and right during the warm-up run. I managed to jump out of her way before she hit me.\" Percy whimpered, \"The b-b-boy's name is Wesley Wooze, and he's with Kessie and me during study hall. He kept g-g-glaring at me and the other kids, like he was going to do something awful to us.\" \"Come on, you guys,\" Winnie argued. \"We can't judge these kids on their first day here. Maybe they can be nice; we just don't know it yet. Let's give them some time to adjust to Ashdown.\" Tyler and Percy looked at Winnie dubiously. Winnie continued, \"Look at you and Kessie, Percy. You two are great friends, and super smart. Would Tyler and I have known that if we'd completely ignored you on your first day here?\" Percy seemed very interested in his shoelaces. Tyler said, \"Right as always, Winnie. We'll make e'm proud to be Tiggers!\" \"That's Tigers,\" the rest of the group corrected Tyler. Unfortunately, Winnie's hypothesis proved false. Ellie and Wesley proved to be nothing but bullies. No matter how Winnie and his friends attempted to show kindness, they received nothing for their efforts but harsh words and, on several occasions, blows. They wanted to try talking to the principal, but could never get a chance to see him. The teachers they spoke to about the issue seemed mostly oblivious to the bullying. Older students were either friendly with Ellie and Wesley, or too scared to fight back. School was starting to become a nightmare, and there was nothing Winnie's group could do about it. \"Okay, I admit, I was wrong,\" Winnie groaned as he held an ice pack to his bruised arm. \"They're just mean-spirited.\" Tyler clapped Winnie on the back and assured him, \"You had the bestest intentions, Buddy Boy. This idea just wasn't your... what's the word?\" \"Brightest,\" Percy sighed. \"I don't know what we can do about Ellie and Wesley.\" The kids sadly went off to their respective classrooms. Winnie was still trying to find a way to keep those bullies in check as he sat down in his chair in the history room. Mr. Robin was passing out last week's quizzes as the students continued to chat, and provided feedback on each, as usual. \"Excellent as usual, Daniel. Nice job on the matching questions, Rachel. Mike, you could have done a better job, but there's always next week! You may want to work on your handwriting, Mary, I can't make heads or tails of these short answers. Ah, Winnie!\" Winnie looked up at his youngish history teacher. \"I saw the little poems you wrote in the margins,\" Mr. Robin told his student. \"They evidently improved your memory for these facts and figures. Do you mind if I share them with the class?\" \"Not at all,\" Winnie sighed. \"Is something wrong, Winnie?\" inquired Mr. Robin kindly. Winnie looked his teacher in the eye and let all his worries about Ellie and Wesley spill out of his mouth. He'd been needing to get it off his chest, and felt he could really trust Mr. Robin. Winnie told all, from the moment he'd first bumped into the two on the bus until the present moment. At the end of Winnie's rant, Mr. Robin was silent for the moment. The student and the teacher looked at each other for a moment. Mr. Robin placed a hand on Winnie's shoulder. \"I can tell you're a little stressed about Ellie and Wesley. A lot of my students are. I'm just glad you trust me enough to talk to me about it.\" Winnie nodded, and Mr. Robin continued, \"You're one of the most creative kids here, Winnie. More than creative enough to solve this problem.\" At that moment, the bell rang. With a wink, Mr. Robin turned to the front of the class. \"All right, take out your books, class. We're moving on to a new unit today!\" Winnie just barely paid attention to the lecture about the French Revolution. His mind was still on the bullies. Mr. Robin had pointed out his creativity as an outlet to a solution. How would creativity beat two kids who weren't afraid to resort to physical violence? At that moment, the big idea came to Winnie. Once classes ended for the day, Winnie gathered his friends and told them his plan. \"I'll compose a song that targets Ellie and Wesley,\" he explained. \"Once I do, we'll teach it to everyone who rides the bus with them. Then, next time they start picking on someone, everybody will start singing. With luck, it'll deter them from bullying any more!\" \"But won't they get mad at us?\" Percy stammered. \"Hopefully not,\" Winnie answered. \"Think of it as aversion therapy.\" \"It's a crazy plan,\" said Kessie. \"I like it.\" About a week later, the plan was ready. Winnie and Percy sat next to each other, as usual, trying to pretend nothing odd was going on. Then, the bus came to a halt, and Ellie and Wesley sauntered on. Today, Ellie started by picking a kid up by his shirt collar. Winnie burst into song at the top of his lungs: They're black, they're brown, they're up, they're down! They're in, they're out, they're all about! Ellie and Wesley stopped and stared at Winnie. Other kids started to chime in: They're far, they're near, they're gone, they're here! They're tricky and slicky and insincere! By this time, everyone except the bullies was singing along: Beware! Beware! Beware, beware, beware! The Heffalump and Woozle Are very confusle Why is it that they pick upon us all? \" All! All! All! \" chanted a few students in the back of the bus. Do they find greater power In making us cower, Or do they do it just to make us small? \" Small! Small! Small! \" It's extraordinary, But we still bewary Because they make things difficult at school! \" School! School! School! \" Whatever is their motive, We all find this notive: They're acting rather like a pair of FOOLS! Beware, beware, Beware, beware, BEWARE! All eyes were on the bullies once the song was over. Ellie and Wesley looked at each other, then at Winnie. They then slunk, defeated, to the back of the bus. Percy beamed up at Winnie, and Winnie smiled back. That plan had gone better than he'd expected! Mr. Robin was right - his creativity was useful![Chapter 7] Yes, I know there's already been a November chapter, but this was the best place for this idea. November \"Mail's here!\" Winnie called out to his parents. Hefting the slightly heavy bag (the mailbox had gone unchecked for a few days) onto the kitchen table, he began the task of sorting. The mail mostly consisted of advertisements, bills and political junk - his poetry magazine had yet to arrive this month. Then there was a single envelope hand-addressed to Winnie, apparently from Mickey. Winnie carefully opened it. It appeared to be some kind of invitation - a cream card with inky cursive letters: You are invited to Mitchell and Minerva Rodentin's sixteenth birthday party! November eighteenth. 1928 Clubhouse Drive. RSVP 555-6724. There was writing on the back, too, in more colloquial script: Win, the party isn't as formal as this invitation makes it out to be. Don't think you have to wear a tux or anything - just what you normally wear in public. And bring your dancing shoes! Minnie and I can't wait to see you! Mickey \"Anything interesting?\" inquired Winnie's dad as he picked up the pile of enveloped addressed to him. \"Not much,\" Winnie admitted. \"I did get an invitation to Mickey and Minnie's birthday party.\" \"Sounds fun. When will it be?\" \"The eighteenth. Looks like I'd better get working on a gift!\" Winnie waved goodbye to his father and pranced up the walkway to Mickey's front door, wrapped gifts in hand. He'd given Mickey a call as soon as he could, and his Toontown friend seemed eager to introduce him to his other friends. Percy, Tyler, and Kessie had been excited for Winnie as well, even going so far as to help him shop for gifts. Winnie sincerely hoped Mickey and Minnie would appreciate them. Winnie could hear energetic dance music through the door as he knocked. The door opened to reveal a smiling Mickey. \"Hey, Winnie!\" Mickey greeted him with a warm handshake. \"Come on in - you're right on time!\" \"Happy birthday, Mickey,\" Winnie responded as he was led inside. \"Your place looks great!\" Colorful lights had been strung in every possible place, blinking festively. There was a small crowd dancing in the living room, to music playing from a stereo. The kitchen table had a variety of appetizers and other food, with gifts piled on one side. Winnie carefully placed the presents he'd brought on the top of the pile. As soon as this had happened, Mickey dragged him over to the makeshift dance floor. \"I want to introduce you to my friends,\" he explained. Near the middle of the room, a boy with bleached-blonde hair was yelling indiscernible language at a skinny, black-haired boy that Winnie recognized. Mickey interrupted the chatter with an introduction. \"Don, Dexter, this is Winnie DePuh. He goes to Ashdown. We met at Dexter's first track meet. Win, these are Donald Foulbody and Dexter Goof, two of my closest friends.\" Winnie grinned and extended a hand. \"Nice to meet you both,\" he said. \"Mickey's told me all about you two.\" There was a pause as the kids took a look at each other. Donald had on a blue sailor-style jacket and matching hat - Winnie thought this was a good look for him. Dexter's clothing was a bit baggy, but Winnie didn't think oddly of it - Dexter was as thin as a rail. As soon as Winnie had processed this, Donald exploded, yelling words Winnie couldn't understand in Mickey's direction. From Mickey's reply - a defensive, \"Geez, I can make friends around if I want to!\" - he guessed that the words were probably insults to Ashdown and Winnie himself. Winnie chose to move on. Before leaving the dance floor, Winnie bumped into a girl about his and Mickey's age, with honey-blonde hair and sad blue eyes. \"Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to run into you,\" he apologized. \"That's fine,\" replied the girl. \"It happens. Oh, my name is Cynthia Ellen Perrault, but you can call me Cindy. I'm one of Minnie's friends.\" Winnie took her outstretched hand and introduced himself. \"I'm Winston DePuh, but please call me Winnie. Mickey invited me, but after meeting one of his other friends, I figured I wasn't very popular. Did I mention I go to Ashdown High?\" \"I attend Palace Academy myself,\" Cindy revealed. \"Mickey and Minnie have friends in every school in the district. They're very friendly.\" \"I noticed.\" After talking with Cindy for a bit, Winnie moved on to the snack table. There, he ran into Simba King, another friend of Mickey's from Pride, and Jiminy Crickster, from Seventh Hill. Simba was tan and buff (he revealed that he played on Pride's football team), with reddish blonde hair. In contrast, Jiminy was slight and smaller, and wore glasses. Like Winnie, they had met Mickey at sporting events. Suddenly, the party-goers fell dead silent as the door opened and an older kid stomped in. He was about twice as big as anyone there, and clearly unhappy to be there. Most of the people there seemed to recognize him, but Winnie didn't. Winnie managed to make it over to Mickey's side and inquire, \"Who's he?\" \"That's Pete,\" Mickey explained. \"Toontown's biggest bully. Nobody likes him, and he reciprocates.\" Pete, for his part, glared at nearly everyone. Someone let out a shriek. He doesn't seem that bad , Winnie thought. I'll just go up and introduce myself. As Winnie approached Pete, he could hear other kids whispering and see them staring at him like he was crazy. One comment he heard clearly was, \"He's gonna get pounded! What is he thinking?!\" Winnie ignored the comment and continued until he was right in front of Pete. \"Hi,\" Winnie said, extending a hand. \"Nice to meet you. My name's Winnie.\" \"Whadar you up to?\" snarled Pete, leaning in close to Winnie so that their noses were touching. Winnie stammered, \"I, uh, I just wanted to say hi?\" The next thing Winnie knew, he was leaning against the wall with a sore stomach and throbbing head. He could hear Pete stomping away, but his vision was too fuzzy to see anything clearly. \"That was amazing!\" Mickey raved. \"I've never seen anyone stand up to Pete like that! You're a hero!\" Winnie smiled weakly. \"Oh, it was nothing...\"[Chapter 8] February It was a typical Monday morning in the DePuh household. Mrs. DePuh was making coffee, Mr. DePuh was on the phone while reading the newspaper, and Winnie was about to fall asleep in his bowl of Honey Nut Cheerios. \"Did you get enough sleep last night?\" Mrs. DePuh inquired of her son. Winnie shook his head. \"I was up late last night doing math homework, and I still can't understand those logarithms. I'll have to ask Percy for help once I get to the bus stop.\" \"Or you could get some help from your cousin Winnipeg once she arrives,\" Mr. DePuh mused as he hung up and turned a page. Winnie sat up straight when he heard those words. \"Did you say Peggy's coming over?\" he inquired excitedly. \"Your Uncle Harry is about to get started as a soldier,\" Mr. DePuh explained. \"Stationed in England. He's Peggy's only legal guardian, and she can't go with him, so she'll be staying with us. You'll see her right when you get home from school today. She'll even be taking classes with you.\" A smile lit up Winnie's face. Winnipeg was his favorite cousin. She was about his age, and they had known each other since their elementary school years. Winnie's uncle, his mother's brother, had adopted her as a baby after she lost her parents in a fire, so there was little family resemblance. However, the two cousins shared taste in many things, including a sweet tooth. Winnie had a large grin plastered all over his face as he headed off for the bus stop. Percy, who was already there with his book, looked up at him. \"Is there something I don't know about, Winnie?\" Percy inquired. \"Oh, nothing,\" Winnie answered. \"It's just that my favorite cousin is coming to stay with us! She'll even be going to Ashdown with us. You'll love her, Percy...\" I can't wait to see Winnipeg tonight , Winnie thought as he watched the clock. Just half an hour left before lunch... \"Mister DePuh!\" barked Mr. Bunton. Winnie say bolt upright. \"Oh, uh, here!\" \"Were you even paying attention to a word I was saying?!\" \"No,\" Winnie said with a shrug, causing giggles from a few of his classmates. \"And why is that?\" Mr. Bunton continued, crossing his arms. Winnie quickly came up with an excuse. \"See, I got this piece of fluff caught in my ear, and I couldn't hear your lecture, sir.\" \"Would you like me to repeat it, then?\" \"That would be nice.\" \"From where would you like me to start?\" \"From the moment the fluff got in my ear.\" \"When was that?\" \"I don't know. I couldn't hear properly.\" The laughter around Winnie grew louder. Mr. Bunton shook his head. \"As I was saying when we were so rudely interrupted, the equation for changing the base of a logarithm is as follows...\" Winnie instantly found himself daydreaming again. At long last, the bus pulled up at Winnie's stop. Winnie joined the crowd exiting the bus, waved goodbye to Percy, and joyfully walked home. The moment he opened the door, there stood the person he'd been looking forward to seeing all day. Long, licorice-black hair framing an olive-skinned face. Black jeans and an army jacket. \"Hey, cuz.\" Peggy immediately embraced Winnie, and the gesture was gladly returned. \"It's so awesome to see you again, Winston,\" she snickered. \"Is it just me, or did you get taller over the summer?\" \"I was just about to ask you the same question,\" Winnie said with a smile. \"I've been looking forward to seeing you all day. So much so that I got in trouble in math class...\" \"I'm not even going to ask,\" Peggy snickered. \"So, rumor has it I'm going to school with you...\" Next day, Winnie and Peggy walked together to the bus stop. Percy, again, was already there, reading. \"Percy?\" Winnie said to get his friend's attention. Percy looked up, and his eyes widened. \"Oh, y-y-you must be Winnie's cousin. Nice to meet you. I'm his friend Percy.\" The smaller student extended a hand to shake. Peggy took and shook the outstretched hand. \"So you're the famous Percy,\" she said. \"Winnie's already told me so much about you. You can call me Peggy. Two Winnies are confusing.\" \"We learned that many family reunions ago...\" Winnie added with a smile. Percy nervously returned the grin. \"Okay, P-p-p-peggy. I hope I'm not looking nervous...\" As the three walked into school, Winnie explained to his cousin, \"First thing you'll need to do is visit Principal Milne's office. Down that hallway, first door on the - \" A flash of orange and black, a loud thump, and Peggy was on the ground, having been surprise-attacked by Tyler. \"Hey there!\" he said excitedly. \"Aren't you Winnie's cousin? I'm Tyler - T I L Errr!\" Peggy smiled. \"I guess I should start getting used to this?\" Winnie couldn't help snickering. The Valentine's Dance. Another Ashdown tradition, one that openly celebrated the friendships the student body formed. Romance wasn't encouraged, but accepted. The point was to go with a close friend. Exactly why Winnie surprised Peggy with two tickets the Thursday before. Needless to say, Peggy was speechless. \"You value me this much?\" she gasped. Winnie explained with a soft smile, \"You're like a sister to me, Peggy. It was the least I could do to show just how much I care.\" The cousins engaged in a warm embrace. Out of nowhere, a voice called loudly, \"Now kiss!\" Winnie shouted back over Peggy's shoulder, \"Tyler, please don't imply anything!\" The night of the dance arrived at last. Percy and Kessie had made plans to go as a couple, and Tyler was allowed to take Ryan. Winnie volunteered to take everyone there after hearing that Tyler had wrecked his own family's car. Since they all lived relatively close to each other, it was a simple task. The last stop before the school was the Austers' house. Winnie pulled up on the curb, but Tyler opened the door and zoomed out before he'd even parked. With a couple of bounds, he was pounding on the door. \"Tyler!\" Ryan squealed as he lept into the older kid's arms. \"Hiya, Ry-boy!\" Tyler laughed. \"You ready to go dancing?\" \"I am!\" \"Have him home by bedtime, Tyler dear,\" Mrs. Austers advised from the doorway. Tyler saluted, cheeks turning red. \"Don't you worry, Mrs. Austers, ma'am!\" He took Ryan's hand, and they raced back to the car. \"Did you hear that?\" Tyler whispered as he strapped himself in. \"She called me dear!\" \"Sounds like someone's got a crush...\" Peggy told Kessie, who giggled in response. A few hours later, the car was silent except for some sleepy breaths. Most of the passengers had fallen asleep upon buckling up - even Tyler. For now, the only ones awake were Winnie and Peggy. \"Did you have fun?\" Winnie asked in a whisper. Peggy whispered back, \"Yeah, I did. Best dance I've ever been to.\" \"I'm glad you enjoyed yourself. I had fun, too.\" Silence, as Winnie approached the neighborhood. Peggy mentioned, \"I think I'm going to enjoy Ashdown life.\" \"Oh, I don't think so,\" Winnie countered. \"Really?\" \"Yes. I know you will.\"[Chapter 9] March \"Careful with those chemicals, Tyler,\" Winnie advised. The two were performing a lab in their science class, where they had been studying acids and bases. The experiment entailed working with hydrochloric acid and sodium hydroxide, so all students were required to wear rubber gloves, goggles, and lab aprons. Winnie had happily complied, but Tyler refused to don the gloves - he claimed they would \"get in the way of my fancy fingerswork\". Tyler laughed as he poured the acid into their flask, \"Careful is my middle name, Winnie boy!\" Winnie looked confused for a moment. \"You told me last week your middle name was School Spirit. And the week before that it was Studying. And I've heard your mom call you Tyler Gregory…\" \"Shut up and do the lab,\" Tyler interrupted hurriedly. Winnie nodded and turned the little knob on the buret until sodium hydroxide began to drip into the flask. Tyler yawned, \"Can't we do this any faster? I'm gonna fall asleep!\" \"Mrs. Austers specifically said to go slowly at first. What's that liquid level?\" Tyler wasn't listening. At the mention of their science teacher, he had drifted into dreamworld. Winnie waved a hand in front of Tyler's face. \"Tyler? Are you listening to me?\" Tyler blinked and said, \"Wait, what? Oh yeah, more liquid!\" He turned the knob until the stuff was pouring out in a steady stream. Winnie quickly fixed the buret once more. \"Sometimes I don't know why I put up with you,\" he snickered. \"Are you two doing all right?\" Mrs. Austers inquired as she came over to check on the pair. \"We're fine,\" Winnie replied as he sketched down some notes. \"Thanks for checking up on us.\" Mrs. Austers replied with a soft smile, \"Of course, dears. I want all my students to do well. Keep up the good work.\" With that, she moved on to other table. Tyler sighed as he watched her go. \"She's pretty, ain't she?\" He sighed wistfully. \"Yeah, and she's a Mrs.,\" Winnie reminded him. \"Come on, let's keep going with this.\" \"... and thus concludes the meaning of the final chapter of A Tale of Two Cities . Any questions?\" Winnie blinked and stared down at his blank notebook page. The moment Dr. Strigiform had started using five-syllable words, he had zoned out completely. It was like this every day, and Winnie had reason to suspect his classmates felt the same way as he did. Exactly the reason he raised his hand. \"Yes, Winston?\" \"What does all that mean again?\" Most of the class laughed. From her seat a few rows down, Peggy rolled her eyes. Winnie simply gave a shrug in her direction. \"Tyler, please refrain from sitting that way in your chair, please,\" Mr. Bunton sighed. \"I don't want to have to tell you again.\" Tyler scoffed, \"Come on, Long-Ears! How are we ever gonna learn this stuff if we can't relaxicate?\" He leaned his chair back even further than it had originally been. \"That's Mr. Bunton to you, young man!\" the teacher snapped. \"Any more disrespect and you are going straight to the principal's office.\" Winnie's hand shot up into the air. \"Mr. Bunton, I'd advise that you leave Tyler alone. He didn't get a lot of sleep last night…\" Mr. Bunton glared at Winnie. \"That is coming from someone who has failed to complete any homework this past week…\" \"Really? Who?\" Winnie caught Peggy's glare immediately after saying this, as the rest of the class laughed. The bell rang suddenly, saving Winnie and Tyler from further inquisition. As Winnie passed Mr. Bunton's table, he could hear him saying to himself, \"Three months, two weeks and four days until summer vacation...\" \"You're just looking for trouble, aren't you?\" Peggy sighed as the threesome walked to their lockers. Winnie promptly retorted, \"I'm not looking for anything. I'm just trying to get through that class so I can eat lunch.\" \"Mm, thif phoney-glafed shickn ith great!\" Winnie said through a full mouth of food. Peggy clarified, \"Are you saying the honey-glazed chicken is great?\" After swallowing, Winnie replied, \"Of course I said that!\" \"S-s-so anyway,\" Percy continued, \"Kessie and I are having trouble with our English teacher. She's making the essays impossible to write!\" \"It's true,\" Kessie chimed in. \"She keeps changing the rules and guidelines, and docks lots of points for tiny errors.\" \"Why don't you ask your big brother or sister for help, Little Guy?\" Tyler suggested. The group had often discussed family matters at lunch, so they were well aware that Percy had an older brother and sister, Tyler had a brother in college, and Winnie, Peggy, and Kessie were all only children. Percy countered, \"Ollie's n-n-never around. He has a new j-j-job. Same with Hen Wen.\" \"I have to ask,\" Winnie interrupted, \"how come your parents gave you guys such long names? I mean, Percival, Oliver, and Henrietta Winifred? Really?\" Percy simply shrugged his shoulders. \"All right, class!\" called Mrs. Hedgeting. \"Take out your sketchbooks. I want you each to draw yourself and either your friends or your family, but different from how they look in reality. Give your drawings an imaginative spin. Ready? Go!\" Winnie tapped his pencil on his lip. Just how imaginative should he be? He knew that his drawings would have to look like the people they were based on. He supposed he'd start with himself and go from there. \"Think, think, think,\" Winnie whispered to himself as he thought, thought, thought. He remembered the teddy bear he'd carried around when he was little. His pet name from his parents, Winnie Bear. Inspiration suddenly came to Winnie - he could draw himself as a bear! Winnie's pencil flew over the paper, producing a sketch of a short, pudgy bear, standing on two legs, with a gentle grin and a t-shirt similar to the one Winnie always wore. The boy used his colored pencils to make the bear version of himself a golden-yellow color, and the shirt red. Winnie also managed to add a honey pot to the picture, held in the bear's arms. Winnie had decided to draw his friends, and was now ready to do Percy. Small... liked wearing pink... I'll make him a piglet, Winnie decided. The resulting sketch was of a little pink piglet, shyly staring down at his own feet. Tyler was next. Since he was on every sports team in school, the choice was obvious for Winnie. He's a tiger... No, no. A Tigger! Apparently, a Tigger had the same black stripes as a tiger, but had a springy tail which it used to bounce on, according to Winnie's imagination. Once Winnie got started with the drawings, he could hardly stop. Edgar became a gloomy grey donkey with a droopy tail. Kessie was shown as a bluebird. Lottie's character was an otter. Peggy was a black bear. Mickey was a mouse. Winnie even decided to draw his teachers: Mrs. Austers as a kangaroo (with Ryan as her joey), Dr. Strigiform as an owl, Mr. Bunton as a rabbit, Mr. Small (Winnie's German teacher, so he was usually called Herr Klein) as a beetle, and Mrs. Hedgeting as a hedgehog. Winnie paused before moving on to Mr. Robin. What sort of animal would he be? Winnie's history teacher was younger than any of his other teachers, with a young-at-heart spirit that came through in every lecture. Eventually, the drawing that Winnie made was of a young boy. The bell rang just as Winnie finished the coloring. Joining the single-file line of students, he dropped his sketchbook off at Mrs. Hedgeting's desk, gathered his things, and made for the door, smiling. Fine arts class was his favorite class, and with good reason! \"Who knows anything about Napoleon?\" Mr. Robin asked of his sixth-period history class. This was usually how he started lectures, by asking his students what they knew about the topic. The name Napoleon sounded familiar to Winnie, so he raised his hand. \"Winnie?\" \"Wasn't Napoleon the one who nearly took over Europe after the French Revolution?\" \"Yes, exactly! Good on you. Now, Napoleon is kind of a controversial figure. Who else knows who Napoleon is?\" About half the class raised their hands. Edgar kept his hands - and his head, for that matter - firmly on his desk. \"And who thinks Napoleon was a good guy?\" Half the hands stayed raised, including Winnie's. \"Okay, looks like it's time for a debate!\" Mr. Robin announced. The students stood up and began to rearrange their desks in a circle. This was another common event in the class. Mr. Robin highly preferred letting his students figure things out for himself, and letting them debate was one of many ways he did it. The ensuing debate was active and fun, and the kids learned some interesting factoids about Napoleon that they might not have otherwise. As the bell rang and most of the students exited the room (Edgar was, surprisingly, out the door first), Winnie approached Mr. Robin and asked, \"Have I ever told you that history is my favorite class?\" Mr. Robin smiled. \"I think you have,\" he replied, \"but I appreciate the compliment. Have a great afternoon, Winnie!\" \"See you tomorrow,\" Winnie called over his shoulder as he left the classroom. Bonus points and a shoutout to whoever can guess where I got the names of Percy's siblings from. Your hint: both names come from Disney animated films.[Chapter 10] Congratulations to roxygoth for guessing the sources of Percy's siblings' names! I'm not revealing them here, so as to keep the mystery up. April Mr. DePuh hung up the phone and turned to his son and niece. \"Looks like school's out for the day for you two,\" he reported. \"Someone was messing with the electrics, and they can't figure out how to get the power back on. And they found graffiti glorifying Toontown School near that room, so one more problem to deal with.\" A sleepy Peggy yawned, nodded, and stood up, mumbling, \"I'm going back to bed.\" Winnie, on the other hand, was curious. Graffiti about Toontown? Maybe he could figure out who had performed the mean-spirited prank, since he had a friend at Toontown. \"Do you mind if I get on the computer?\" Winnie asked his dad. \"I'd like to contact some friends.\" Mr. DePuh nodded as he picked up his newspaper. Winnie wiped the honey from his mouth onto his arm and stood up. Soon he was logged on to the computer that was shared by the family. Technology was pretty confusing to Winnie, but recently Percy had taught him how to IM. This was how he was going to contact Mickey. hunnylover24 : Mickey? Did you hear about what happened at Ashdown? Winnie only had to wait a minute or so before a message from Mickey popped up. SteamboatW : No, what happened? hunnylover24 : Someone was messing with the electric stuff over there. Apparently they found graffiti nearby about Toontown. School got canceled :) SteamboatW : Wtf?! Literally the same thing happened at Toontown, except the graffiti was for Ashdown! hunnylover24 : You gotta be kidding! SteamboatW : Saw it myself. \"Tigrs Rool\" and that kind of thing. hunnylover24 : so... Beavers couldn't have pulled the trick at Ashdown...? SteamboatW : And I guess the Tigers didn't do that to our school. I'll pull in some of the kids from other schools. Another couple of minutes passed. Winnie found himself absentmindedly drumming his fingers on the keyboard and humming a random tune when unfamiliar usernames appeared on his screen. Lionroar93 : Got your invite, what's the issue? littlevoice : I already heard the news, so sorry. Star2Rite : Mickey, my man! hunnylover24 : Sorry, who are these? I only have Mickey on my contacts. SteamboatW : Oh, sorry. This is for all: hunnylover is Winnie DePuh (Ashdown), Lionroar is Simba King (Pride), littlevoice is Jiminy Crickster (7th Hill), and Star2Rite is Peter Pan (Hero Valley Academy). littlevoice : That makes only four of the six DUSD schools, what about Palace and Cherna? SteamboatW : Minnie's on the phone with Cindy Perrault, from Palace. I think she's calling a pal from Cherna next. Lionroar93 : WILL SOMEONE PLEASE TELL ME WHAT IS GOING ON?! Star2Rite : Yeesh, Simba, take a chill pill! hunnylover24 : Someone pulled a nasty prank on both Ashdown and Toontown. Something about the electrical stuff and graffiti. littlevoice : Yep, happened at 7th Hill, too. My freind Tink said she saw Pete do it. Star2Rite : I am gonna KILL her! I was nowhere near your school! hunnylover24 : Little harsh? Star2Rite : Jk , I just won't talk to her for a week ;) No news about that at my school. Lionroar93 : Wait, if your school didn't get sabotaged, how are you IMing? littlevoice : Peter, you didn't play hooky again, did you? Star2Rite : I'm at computer class! Duh ;P hunnylover24 : You guys have computer class? Lucky! SteamboatW : Sorry I disappeared, Pluto wouldn't stop barking. Woah, 3 out of 6 DU schools pranked? Lionroar93 : Make that 4, one wall of Pride is now covered with 7th Hill hoopla. The one next to a sabotaged electrics room... littlevoice : Now that is a little unnerving. SteamboatW : This just in: Palace got it too! Star2Rite : Sounds like something's going on... hunnylover24 : Cherna. It had to be Cherna. Lionroar93 : You sure? hunnylover24 : Think about it: there are six schools in the district. Only district schools got pranked today, if we go on Peter's word. And none of our schools were the instigators. Plus this sounds like just the kind of thing Demons would do. littlevoice : *facepalms* Why didn't I think of that?! Star2Rite : SO OBVIOUS once you put it like that! SteamboatW : Yep, Cherna was not pranked! I'll have my dad give the superintendent a call. Thanks, Win! hunnylover24 : Glad I could help. ;) See you round! *hunnylover24 has left the conversation* \"I wouldn't be surprised if every one of those kids is expelled,\" Peggy told Winnie over lunch. Winnie shook his head. \"I didn't want them expelled, I just wanted to help.\" Peggy replied, \"Well, you sure did it. You can be pretty smart when you want to be, Win.\" \"Have you seen my grades lately, Peggy?\" \"I said when you want to be, fluffhead,\" Peggy snickered. \"Oh, stop...\" Winnie couldn't help laughing himself, though.[Chapter 11] May \"A talent show?\" Winnie said in complete surprise. \"Between all the schools?\" \"Yeperoodles!\" Tyler shoved the poster into Winnie's face again. \"They're looking for all kinds of talent to fill up the program. Everyone from the DUSD goes to Fantasia Center for the Arts to watch it next Friday!\" \"That sounds complex,\" Winnie mentioned. \"It does sound like a lot of fun, though. You think my poetry would count as talent?\" Percy shyly nodded, but Tyler exclaimed, \"If your poetry doesn't count as talent, I don't know what does! You should totally sign up!\" \"I know just the poem,\" Winnie replied with a gleam in his eye. For what seemed like the millionth time, Winnie reread the words he'd printed out that morning. The talent show organizers had wanted his poem to be memorized, but he was having trouble getting the words exactly right. This particular poem was one he'd started years ago, but abandoned due to a lack of an appropriate end to the fifth verse. Even now, he kept getting the individual pieces of the verses he had previously completed mixed up. Winnie felt lucky that they were allowing him to take the paper onstage. Tyler tapped Winnie on the shoulder, jolting him away from his worries. \"Would you look at those lovely ladies?\" He was pointing at a small group of chatting girls. Winnie recognized Cindy, so he assumed that those were her friends from school. Tyler continued, \"I think I'd better give them a big ol' how-ya-doin'. Be my wingman?\" \"Well, I don't see why not.\" Winnie followed Tyler to the girls. First, Tyler approached a girl with fiery red hair. It literally looked like a bonfire was burning atop her head. Tyler tapped her on the shoulder and said with his ladykiller voice, \"Hey babe, whatcha talkin' about?\" The girl's first response was a punch to Tyler's face. \"I think she likes you,\" Winnie commented before having to duck to avoid getting punched himself. The girl started yelling something in a thick Scottish accent that Winnie had trouble understanding. He was about to duck and cover again when an intercom announcement rang out through the auditorium: \"All performers please report backstage!\" \"Sorry, Ty,\" Winnie called over his shoulder as he raced away. \"Thanks, Cruella, for that... ah... entertaining magic act,\" Mickey announced. His talent show audition had impressed the judges so much, they had asked him to MC the entire show. He'd been doing a good job at it so far, Winnie thought. \"And now for something for you word lovers out there - poetry recited by Winnie DePuh of Ashdown High!\" Winnie nearly fell out of his chair with surprise, but stood up and briskly took the podium. The audience's applause released a few of the butterflies in his stomach. He cleared his throat, then announced, \"Today I will be reciting my own composition: \"Weekday Wonderings\".\" He had originally called it \"Lines by a Boy of Very Little Brain\", but (according to his friends) this was much catchier. He cleared his throat again and began: \"On Monday, when the sun is hot I wonder to myself a lot: \"Now is it true, or is it not, \"That what is which and which is what?\" On Tuesday, when it hails and snows, That feeling on me grows and grows That hardly anybody knows If those are these or these are those. On Wednesday, when the sky is blue, And I have nothing else to do, I sometimes wonder if it's true That who is what and what is who. On Thursday, when it starts to freeze And hoar-frost twinkles on the trees, How very readily one sees That these are whose - but whose are these? On Friday - \" Winnie paused. This was the verse he'd had trouble with. He had completely blanked when reciting it to Mrs. Austers and Ryan. Swallowing the lump in his throat, he managed to finish: \"On Friday, when the hail takes aim And freezes sidewalks all the same, It's only then that I can claim I have no wonderings to my name. Thank you.\" Winnie gave a little bow as the entire auditorium burst into applause. He'd done it! He'd recited the poem completely! He was beaming as he exited the stage. \"Wow, Winnie, that was great!\" Mickey raved. \"Now I'm wondering if our next performer can top that. Please welcome Robin Fox of Pride High with a demonstration of archery!\"[Chapter 12] June \"I can hardly believe tomorrow is the last day of school,\" Winnie sighed. \"The first day seemed like only yesterday!\" \"Really? I've been waiting for this day since September,\" Tyler responded. \"But all those tests are taking forever to do! Can you believe Mr. Bunton's?!\" \"Ten pages of questions was overdoing it,\" Winnie recalled, \"even for him. At least Mrs. Austers is having us do a presentation instead.\" \"Mrs. Austers...\" Tyler sighed. \"Y'know, I'm really gonna miss her and Ryan this summer.\" 'You'll see her next year,\" Winnie comforted his freind when the five-minute bell rang. \"We'd better get to class,\" he added. Tyler was already halfway down the hall. Winnie shook his head and chuckled. \"The recipient of this year's Teacher of the Year award is a kind, gentle soul, always ready to lend a helping hand when students need it,\" Principal Milne read from his papers. \"He never turns down an opportunity to reassure his pupils, who can all agree that his sense of wonder and enthusiasm for learning is infectious.\" Winnie smiled discreetly. He knew exactly who this award was going to, and applauded vigorously when the principal continued, \"It is my great honor to present this award to Christopher Robin!\" Mr. Robin stepped up to the podium and shook hands with Principal Milne. He then took the principal's place at the podium and pushed down some papers he'd gathered. \"Thank you, Alan. Well, what can I say that hasn't already been said to every one of you throughout the course of this year? Nothing. All of you sitting in this gymnasium today have every skill, talent, and tool it takes to succeed greatly in this world. Some of you just don't know it yet. Some of you may doubt your potentials. Always remember this: you're braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think. Thank you.\" A moment of silence filled the auditorium. Then the student body began to clap vigorously. Winnie leapt to his feet, and others soon followed. The noise was made almost deafening when the bell rang immediately afterwards, signaling the official end of the school year. Winnie could see Tyler bounding out the door and longed to follow him, but there was something he wanted to do first. Carefully, Winnie made his way through the crowd of students until he noticed Mr. Robin. He'd already gotten a yearbook signature from his history teacher, but felt he needed to say goodbye proper before leaving for the summer. \"Mr. Robin?\" he asked shyly. The teacher turned around. \"Oh, hi, Winnie!\" \"I just wanted to say thank you for everything you've done this year,\" Winnie said. \"You deserve that award you got.\" Mr. Robin looked like he had tears in his eyes. \"Oh, Winnie...\" he said. \"Y'know, I'm gonna miss you.\" \"Same here,\" Winnie assured him. \"Have a great summer!\" \"You too, Winnie. You too.\" Winnie smiled as he exited the gym, trotted down the hall, and opened the front door. The sunshine hit his face like a bear hug. Summer was officially before him. Now, I know what you're thinking. \"What?! This can't be the end! I wanna see more!\" Well, my readers, you are in luck. I don't intend to stop here, oh no sirree bob. I'm gonna revisit the school year, dip down here and there and see what I come up with. I may even detail the vacations of Winnie and pals. It all depends on you guys. Put what you wanna see in your reviews! I have a couple ideas already, put I aim to please. Go right ahead![Chapter 13] December \"Is there anything you want me to ask about tonight?\" Mrs. DePuh asked her son as she put on the brakes at a red light. \"Not really,\" Winnie answered. \"Just don't embarrass me. Please.\" \"You're hard to embarrass,\" Mrs. DePuh replied. \"Anything about your classes?\" \"You could tell Mr. Bunton that I don't mean my poor performance...\" \"I know you don't, Honey Bun. It's gonna be hard not talking during this, isn't it?\" \"Not really. I can just pretend I'm taking notes in class.\" Admittedly, Winnie was a bit nervous about the upcoming parent-teacher conferences. At Ashdown, sophomores had to sit in on their own conferences. At least, Winnie kept telling himself, it wasn't like the situation with the juniors and seniors, where they actively participated. He could just pretend he wasn't there. Which, knowing some of his teachers, he might want to do. The school looked different as Winnie and his mother arrived. A little more empty than normal. Winnie was positive that, if he said something in the front lobby, it would echo. He was almost tempted to try, but got distracted when he noticed some of Percy's friends waiting at a table. James and Charlie were seemed nice enough, so Winnie struck up a conversation with them. They were identical twins, but people told them apart thanks to their behavior. \"Basically I'm the evil twin, the rebel,\" Charlie explained. \"James is usually in his seat two minutes before the bell rings, and I saunter in the split second after.\" James added, \"That's why people sometimes call us Early and Late.\" Winnie was about to respond when Mrs. Austers approached his mother. \"Alexandra DePuh? I'm Katherine Austers. I teach Winnie's chemistry class.\" I didn't know her first name was Katherine, Winnie thought. L earn something new every day, indeed. Once they entered the lit classroom, Winnie learned the full names of his other teachers as well as they introduced themselves to his mother: Oliver Strigiform, Richard Bunton, Teresa Hedgeting, Alexander Small, and Christopher Robin. They all sat down at some desks pushed into a circle. Winnie found a place at a table on the far side of the room, and the conference began. \"Winnie's a great student,\" Mr. Robin began. \"I find his sense of wonder much more developed than most of my other students.\" \"I beg to differ,\" Mr. Bunton countered. \"I rarely find Mr. DePuh participating in my class at all.\" Winnie's mom explained, \"Winnie's told me he doesn't really see the real-life application in any of the lessons you teach. Do you have any advice for how this could be fixed?\" \"Perhaps if he asked questions during class,\" Mr. Bunton answered. Winnie scribbled down on his notebook paper, Note to self: ask ?s in math class . \"I agree with you there,\" Mrs. Austers concurred. \"Winnie does like to help his fellow classmates, even when he himself doesn't understand the material.\" \"He has a remarkable habit of using meter and rhyme to commit his lessons to memory, however,\" Dr. Strigiform added. Mr. Robin nodded. \"He uses it for my class, too. I'd encourage him to keep that one up.\" More hums for lessons et. al., wrote Winnie. The conversation continued. Overall, Winnie's teachers seemed to want him to keep up his good work, but put a smidgen more effort into his classwork. Winnie was pretty confident he could handle that. I think I may even get all A's this next quarter, he thought to himself with a grin.[Chapter 14] April Winnie shrugged off his backpack and sat down at his accustomed seat. The bell had already rung, but it was Thursday: the day of Poetry Club's weekly meetings. Winnie loved being a member of this club, where students got together once a week to discuss favorite poems and even write their own. An informal setting, but Winnie always enjoyed it. Jack, the unofficial president of the club, sat down next to Winnie. Jack was a junior, and he and Winnie knew each other relatively well. \"Hey,\" Jack quipped. \"How was school today?\" \"Fine,\" Winnie replied. \"Mr. Bunton is really loading us down with work. He gave us a lecture about how 'insensible' we are.\" \"Ah, don't worry about it,\" Jack assured Winnie. \"I had him last year. He is abusive and manipulative. Don't let him get to you.\" \"I never do.\" \"Good. So, is everyone here?\" Lucy, a freshman girl, announced, \"Chester would have come, but he's sick today. I think Milo had tutoring.\" \"Alex had to go home right after school,\" added Lisa, a fellow sophomore from Winnie's fine arts class. \"I think he's grounded.\" \"Sounds good. Er, bad. Anyone else out?\" \"No, I think we're all here,\" reported Griffin, a senior. At that moment, the door creaked open and in walked Edgar. \"The meeting's started already, hasn't it?\" he asked gloomily. Winnie shook his head. \"No, we were just about to begin. Here, you can sit by me.\" Jack gave Winnie a confused look, but Winnie simply shrugged. Edgar wasn't nice to him all the time, but that didn't mean he had to reciprocate. Edgar slumped into the seat on Winnie's right, and Jack announced, \"Okay, I guess we can begin. Would anyone like to begin today?\" Lucy's hand shot up like a rocket. \"Lucy?\" The girl stood and explained, \"I had to write a Shakespearean sonnet for drama class, and I want to see what you guys think of what I have so far.\" Winnie urged, \"Let's hear it!\" Lucy stood and read her sonnet straight from the paper. She used a lot of similes, sticking strictly to the structure, and had written about anger and how strong relationships could help through it. Once she was done, the other kids in the room all clapped politely. Except Edgar, who groaned, \"I can't understand a word she's saying.\" Winnie ignored his downer companion and told Lucy, \"You state your point really well, I like that.\" \"Yeah, nice jobs with those rhymes, Lu,\" Jack added. Lucy shyly curtsied and blushed before returning to her seat. \"Who's up next?\" Jack called. To Winnie's surprise, Edgar stood up. \"I wrote what I think is a poem,\" he announced. \"Let's hear it,\" Winnie urged. Edgar rolled his eyes, cleared his throat, and read off his paper in a monotone voice. Winnie winced a little once he heard the first half-rhyme. Edgar continued to rhyme words with themselves and worse. Once Edgar was finally done, Winnie clapped politely. \"Pretty good,\" he shrugged. Edgar muttered something inaudible and left the room. The entire membership of the Poetry Club breathed a unison sigh of relief.[Chapter 15] I know this descends into meta territory, but I read something online and could not resist... for more, skip to the bottom. July A chime jolted Winnie into clarity. Must have been daydreaming in front of the computer again, he decided. With his parents out at a company picnic or something and Peggy shopping with some girlfriends, Winnie had been left home alone for the day. It was too hot and muggy to go outside. Winnie had tried - it had felt like he was swimming through the air, a sensation he did not particularly enjoy. He'd tried to read, but the book he had picked was less than interesting. Somehow, the idea had popped into his head to use the family computer to compose some new poems, utilizing the internet to find interesting rhymes and synonyms. Now, someone had sent him an online message. Tyler, it appeared. MCBOWNSR12: Winny i just found this articl u will LAF UR TAYL OF! XD Winnie chuckled to himself as he typed out a reply. Tyler tended to forget to use conventional grammar when he got excited, which was considerably often. He'd gotten a C in English for that exact reason, although his teacher had admitted that, beyond the typos, his essays were always written passionately. Plus, he was probably writing from his smartphone, as the McBounces were on vacation at a famous amusement park. hunnylover24: I'll check it out right away. Btw, have you considered Grammarly? Winnie clicked on the link that Tyler had enclosed in his message. According to the article, the president of China had a distinctively cartoonish look about him, causing many Chinese citizens to post cartoons online depicting the president as a teddy bear. This practice had been outlawed in the country itself, but the international online community had run with it. The art in question was actually really good, including other members of the Chinese cabinet and other heads of state as other cartoon animals. Once Winnie finished scrolling through the article, he returned to his virtual conversation with Tyler, who had posted while he was reading. MCBOWNSR12: WTF S GRAMMERLY?! hunnylover24: It's basically an app that checks your grammar and spelling and stuff. It's mostly free. hunnylover24: Read the article. Interesting news... *whistles 'Proud To Be An American'* MCBOWNSR12: I no rite?! U could run w/this... MCBOWNSR12 : also i will look 4 grammerly hunnylover24: Ty, what on Earth are you talking about? MCBOWNSR12: remember the cartoon u did in art class u showd us? hunnylover24: The one with me as a teddy bear? hunnylover24: Wait... hunnylover24: Tyler, NO WAY MCBOWNSR12: Cmon Win, youd get pepl evrywr hyped! hunnylover24: It's illegal, and besides, I can't handle anything more complicated than Google MCBOWNSR12: 1, we aint n China, 2, all u need 2 do is draw it & email it 2 me! hunnylover24: Well, when you put it like that... expect the drawing before the end of the week. MCBOWNSR12: Goodgoodgood! MCBOWNSR12: GTG BOUT 2 GT N DA THRLLR TTFN Winnie closed the IM tab, shut down the computer, and left to find his sketchbook. This day just got a lot more interesting... \"Huh... that's weird,\" Peggy observed from her post at the computer a week or so later. Winnie looked up, his eyes just barely peeking over the pages of his poetry magazine. \"What is it?\" he inquired as innocently as possible. \"There's a cartoon of the Chinese president as a really cute teddy bear that's been making waves on the net,\" Peggy explained. \"Someone traced it back to Tyler. I didn't know he could draw!\" Stick figures, sure, thought Winnie, but he only said, \"I'll bet he's loving his internet stardom.\" Peggy nodded, then peered closer at the cartoon on the screen. \"Hey, this looks like your drawing style...\" Winnie shrugged. \"It was his idea, and he did the actual posting. All I did was draw it and recommend that Grammarly app.\" Peggy shook her head. \"He's crazy, you know.\" \"Not as crazy as the meme-thing I saw surrounding your nickname... Might want to call yourself And Peggy when out and about.\" \" What?! \" Peggy started typing frantically. Winnie lowered his eyes and inwardly smiled. Crisis averted... This is all based on real life. Apparently, Winnie the Pooh has been completely banned from Chinese internet, due to too many comparisons to the president. There are some negative associations they want to avoid, and there actually is a law against making fun of heads of state in China. You can read more if you Google \"winnie the pooh china\". And before anyone asks, yes, And Peggy is a Hamilton-based meme that and search for Hamilton pictures will show. ","Summary":" September A CD of forest sounds gently lulled Winston \"Winnie\" DePuh out of dreamland. It can't b"},{"Movie":"Independence Day","Title":"Independence Day: Counterattack","Author":"Dark Cronos","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12063271","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Last thursday I saw Independence Day Resurgence and I must say that even though is not being well received and is not making much money I liked it and also it has encouraged me to write more fanfiction after a year of nor writing anything, I will also like to tell the people following my other stories that my two other major stories of Star Wars and TMNT will be continued. That being said I hope you enjoy this new Story. LD: I do not own Independence Day all the rights and merit go to their rightful owners. (((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) Jake woke up as Patricia began to move on her sleep, throwing a quick glance at his fiancée he knew the girl was having a nightmare. He sighed it was nothing new, for the last year the girl had been having recurring nightmares about the deaths of her mother and father, well not the actual deaths but she experienced them dying in different ways. David had offered her to seek professional help, even Doctor Marceaux had offered her help, but Patricia had refused choosing to confront her own demons on her own, with little help from even Jake, who was only allowed to confort her when she woke up from one of those horrible nightmares. \"Jake!\" Patricia shouted as she rose up clearly panicked as she looked everywhere for him. Jake looked confused for a second she had never screamed his name on one of her nightmares. Putting his arms around her soothingly Jake sushed her. \"Right here babe\" he whispered calmingly as she held onto him for dear life. They remained like that for a few seconds before she began calming down. \"Another nightmare?\" he asked kindly and rhetorically. Patricia nodded as she sand her hed into his chest and tightened her grip on him. \"Yes but this one was different.\" She told him, \"In this one you died, you died in the trap set by the queen when we launched our retalliation attack.\" \"I'm right here with you babe\" he told her as he kissed her head. \"We won I escaped that trap andI'm not leaving your side.\" Those words seemed to calm Patricia a little. \"Sorry to have woken you.\" She said softly as she sobbed a little. \"Shush, it's ok babe everything is going to be fine.\" He comforted as she wrapped his arms more strongly around her and laid with her on the bed. \"Now we need to sleep, tomorrow is gonna be a very long day.\" \"You are right\" she said as they snuggled closer together and a comforting sensation of safety and relief washed over her body. ((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) David Levinson stood in front of a screen as he was on a videoconference with main UN HQ in Geneve, especifically with the Secretary General of the United Nations, Bob Johnson, a British-American man on his early fifties, with light blue, greying hair sharp facial features and a military complexion he had built to enter the british armed forces and later the SAS. He'd served during the war of '96 and survived the second destruction of New York, where he had been Britain's embassador to the UN, and had been chosen by the UN to perform a really difficult task one even more difficult than the first time, the reconstruction of the destroyed cities and plan a counterattack against the aliens that had attacked Earth twice now. \"So are our \"Friends\" arriving tomorrow as scheduled?\"Johnson asked. \"The sphere is keeping in contact with them\" David replied. \"According to her last information they entered our solar system an hour ago and will arrive in 6 hours\" \"Good\" Johnson said. \"The sooner we can begin our counterattack the better.\" \"The Sphere estimates that we will not be ready for that until 2019 at the best.\" David said and Johnson made a face of displeasure, like most of the surviving humans Johnson was eager to get back at the aliens and like many of those people he considered the preparations were taking too long to complete. \"The Sphere says it would be better if we completed at least the rebuilding of our defenses, according to it the war we are about to declare will take years or even centuries to be won completely.\" \"How is the building Luna 2 and Luna 3 moon bases progressing?\" The Secretary General asked when he heard about the defenses. \"Luna 2 will be operational within 6 months but Luna 3 is a little behind schedule.\" David said. \"We might even have to increase the budget for it.\" \"I will see what the Security Council and the General Assembly think.\" The Secretary General said. \"What has President Adams said about it? Have you mentioned it to him?\" \"I have, he try to get the budget increased if necessary, as you know the reconstruction of the USA's East Coast it's proving challenging even with the UN funds.\" David said. \"What are our options if we can't increase budget on the Luna 3 Base?\" Johnson asked. \"According to the sphere our Planetary Defenses were weak and our bases insufficient during the Second attack.\" David said. \"We will have to increase our bases on the moon and Mars for the time being, there are no other options.\" Johnson sighed and nodded. \"As I said I'll see what I can do with the budget. But I can't do much else, the reconstruction of the US is proving challenging as you said but the reconstruction of the European West Coast is not much easier and for the time being many within the UN want to focus on the reconstruction.\" \"I understand\" David said even though he really didn't. The Second attack had made the UN and Humanity as a whole expecting miracles from the ESD, for example organizing a devastating counterattack against the aliens when they didn't have the resources or the manpower to do so, but when it came to the resources David had to fight for every last bit with the UN and locally the US government still with General Adams as it's head wasn't much more helpful while naturally prioritizing resources for the reconstruction, they were trying to do everything at once and that could lead to delays in both fronts and frustration of the General public. \"Then I'll contact you again tomorrow.\" \"Until then Doctor Levinson.\" Johnson said and the screen cut to black. The few ESD operators in the Control room looked at him as if they wanted to express their support and David was thankful, because even if their responsibilities were different he knew that in their own way they were doing all they could to perform beyond their capabilities and what was asked of them in order to keep the ESD functioning and guarantee humanity's survival with few resources and not much pay. \"Wake me up when our visitors arrive\" He said as he prepared to head home. One of the operators responded with a \"Yes sir\" as David exited the room. Walking through the wholes of the ESD's HQ David came across few members of the personnel who strolled around from place to place performing various tasks. After exiting the main building he mounted on a jeep where a military drived, Jimmy, if his memory didn't fail him, drove him to the housing area of the base. \"Long night sir?\" Jimmy asked trying to make small talk during the minutes the travel took. \"Actually yes\" David replied. \"I'm just realizing I should have remained a satellite tv technician, that way I wouldn't have to deal with bureaucracy at all.\" \"Well at least tomorrow the aliens the sphere was talking about are coming\" Jimmy said. \"And they are going to help us kick some more alien butt. If you were still a tv guy I'm sure you wouldn't have the chance to meet them.\" \"I suppose you are right\" David said chuckling, it was good to find some positive things about his post sometimes. A few minutes later the jeep stopped in front of David's house which he shared with his girlfriend Catherine, a french psychiatrist who'd gotten together with him after the 2016 attack. \"Good night Jimmy.\" \"Good night sir\" the soldier said before driving the Jeep away. ((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) Dylan looked through the internet at the new monument being built on the city of Washington, which was currently being rebuilt itself, for the victims of the Second alien attack. Apparently the big shots in the governments were planning an enormous ceremony to inaugurate it or so most of the newspapers said. The thoughts of her mother's demise rushed back into his head causing him the same level of pain and helplessness as the first time he had seen her fall to her death when the building collapsed after making sure a baby and a mother had been safe from the destruction. \"What are you doing?\" a feminine voice spoke from behind him. Turning around he faced a very attractive brunnete woman with piercing green eyes. It had been a conquest from the bar a few miles from the base, taking advantage of his status as a hero which he secretly didn't believe he truly deserved as he hadn't been able to save the most important woman in his life, however these one night stands were the only things that could help him through some of the tough nights when memories refused to let sleep claim him. They had had sex for an hour and she had fallen sleep for a while afterwards, nothing serious. \"Then why don't you come to the bed for a... third round\" She said seductively as she approached him and put her arms around him and kissing his neck repeatedly. \"I'm sorry but tomorrow I have to be up early.\" He said trying to be as gentle as possible. \"I've already called you a taxi.\" Her expression changed but not to one of anger as it had happened with some of the girls he'd slept with in the past year, in some occasions he'd had to call the Military Police to get them out of the base, more of a disappointment it was clear that she knew this would happen but would have liked at least another round with the now \"Legendary\" Dylan Dubrow-Hiller. \"Well it's been fun\" she said in a more normal tone. \"I suppose I will get dressed then.\" Leaving him alone again to look at the article on the tablet. He wondered if he would be able to attend the inauguration of the new monument, perhaps that would be able to bring him more closure than these women from the bar. But with the arrival of the Alien Resistance the following day their work would surely double or triple in preparation for their counterattack. He decided he would see when the monument was finally done. \"Well I'll be leaving now then.\" The girl told him. Dylan didn't look at her as he nodded and heard her advance towards the exit and his door open and close. Normally he accompanied the girls who slept with him to the entrance but he wasn't feeling all that fine that night, perhaps it was because what was about to happen that what would happen tomorrow would help humanity avoid a third attack, that they would finally bring the fight to the alien, or perhaps just because of the news about the building of the monument to honor the victims, that his memories were more present than ever in his mind and he just couldn't be bothered with courtesy rules with this girl. After a few more moments eyeing his tablet Dylan sighed and closed his eyes, he really needed to sleep, he should probably open his eyes and get to sleep but before he could perform the task as his brain was telling him to he felt his consciousness slipping away as he fell asleep on the couch. (((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) Rain Lao observed her opponent as he observed her both waiting for the other to make the first move. After a few seconds that for rain seemed like minutes the man launched his first attack, a spinning kick directed to her head. She blocked it with her arm although his opponent almost broke her guard, it was a good kick and her adversary followed it with with a punch expecting to get her by surprise, however Rain was ready and moved swiftly to the side and and grabbing the arm of her attacker she twisted it and put it behind his back as she moved to the same position. \"Give up\" She told her opponent who struggled to liberate himself from her grip. \"Never\" he said defiantly. \"Give Up\" She said more slowly and dangerously. \"Is that how you treat the rest of your sparring partners?\" Her opponent asked with a hint of humor on his voice. \"Give Up\" She added as she twister his arm with more strength. \"Ok ok\" The man protested. \"I give up!\" Rain smirked and released her opponent who fell on his knees panting. The man turned to face her with an accusatory look and Rain didn't see her opponent anymore but her boyfriend Charlie Miller. \"Seriously you could hold back a little\" Charlie added. \"You are supposed to like me.\" Rain chuckled as she helped him up and pecked him on the lips. \"You know I do like you. And because I like you I want you to be prepared in case you need to use close quarter fighting.\" She said. It was true she like the boy inf front of her, something Rain couldn't have predicted when she first met him when she arrived at the first Moon Base a year ago just before the second Alien attack and she was honest not even during their first few outings, which Charlie insisted on calling \"Dates\". However his surprisingly tenacious and determined personality eventually won her over although him understanding her losses and his support as she grieved for her uncle helped a lot as he showed her he was one of the kindest men she had ever met. \"If any of the people I will face in close quarters combat are as strong as you I will do my best to avoid it.\" He said laughing along with her and pulling her closer for another kiss. \"If I recall correctly it was you the one who asked me to teach you hand to hand combat\" She said with a smirk. \"Once I'm done teaching you it will be your rivals the ones running away from you.\" \"Can we get to the bed please?\" Charlie asked faking a whine. \"Perhaps we should.\" Rain agreed taking one of his hand and leading. \"And perhaps we could...\" He tried to add sugestively. \"I'm sure you are too tired and beaten up for that.\" She cut his sentence with amusement on her voice. \"Plus tomorrow we have to be up early.\" \"And you are worried that my prowess on the bed would keep you awake...\" He began to say but a slap to the back of his head stopped him doing so. \"Sorry ma'am.\" he said making Rain chuckle as they went to their bedroom. (((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) Dr Okun observed the data the Sphere had delivered to him, to the ESD HQ's computers to be more precise, that week. No matter how many years humanity would pass fighting this war together with the resistance they wouldn't be able to repay the sphere for this information, not in a million years. Some of the main information she had given them had been crutial for the beginning of the Earth's reconstruction. A machine he proudly called the \"Atmosphere Maker\" had been developed and installed in several ships which now patrolled the atlantic, with the intent of repairing the atmospheric damage suffered by the planet. The UN had been really scared when they'd learnt of how the atmosphere was in the area where the ship had landed but to anyone with any basic scientific knowledge it shouldn't really be a surprise. Also the Sphere was teaching them how to protect the Earth's core from further attacks and repairing the damage done by the Harvester. The surprise was that they were actually able to try and rebuild zones like the East coast or Europe's west coast, Asia had been devastated but reconstruction was easier there, or that the death toll wasn't actually higher than 1000000000 casualties, which was terrible but still better than extinction. Humanity had just survived a potential extinction event and was coming out of it stronger thanks to that metallic sphere. \"Dr Okun\" the robotic voice interrupted his thoughts. \"Yeah?\" He asked looking away from computer screens and looking at it. \"You've been awake for the last 72 hours. My acquired knowledge about your species tells me you should sleep at least eight hours every twenty four to be in your best condition. You should rest.\" The Sphere told him. \"I appreciate your concern but I'm fine. I slept through twenty years of my life I believe a week without sleeping won't kill me.\" He said with a small smile. \"Plus I'm waiting for something.\" \"What is it that you are waiting for?\" The Sphere asked and the Doctor smiled wider as he looked at him. \"I've sent Mr Rosenberg on a very important mission to Mr. Umbutu's rebel camp to pick up some results from further analysis of the computer of a downed ship from the war of '96 performed by some of my colleagues, I'm hoping to get some information about this aliens something even you don't know that will help us win this war.\" Okun replied. \"Is Doctor Levinson aware of this mission?\" The Sphere asked. \"Vaguely, David has given me some liberties when working with you and analyzing alien technology.\" Okun said. \"He himself is not stranger to disobeying orders or conducting independent operations.\" He added with a chuckle. \"I recommend you to be cautious when dealing with their Technology.\" The sphere said. \"But why have you sent Mr. Rosenberg there. As far as my knowledge of him goes he is not a scientist. Why didn't you have them send you the information.\" \"That is correct but when working with scientists our own ego can get in the way of the greater good. I wouldn't trust them not to withhold information if they thought they could profit from it on their own, sad I know, almost unbelievable but still true. I warned Umbutu about it to keep that from happening but Rosenberg it's an extra precaution.\" \"The resistance is arriving tomorrow perhaps we could help you on endeavour.\" The Sphere said. \"You and your resistance allies will already provide us with a way to fight those bastards without destroying our planet in the process. Perhaps this is something we could do for you.\" Okun argued \"You will be leading our fight against our common enemy.\" The Sphere countered. \"I will communicate with the ship stating your request for help.\" \"Thank you\" Okun finally said. \"It is not a problem. Whatever they are the things we find on that computer they are of interest to all of us if it bring us closer to defeating our common enemy\" The Sphere concluded. Okun nodded as a call from Rosenberg appeared on the screen of his computer. Okun accepted the call and the image of Rosenberg appeared. He was dressed in a uniform of the ESD combat personnel like he had since the battle against the queen. Although he had continued his wourk as an accountant and helping David with the budget, he'd enrolled and gone through basic combat training and was actually awarded the rank of sargeant for his actions protecting the Sphere. \"Doctor I've arrived at Umbutu's camp.\" The accountant said. \"The Scientists have given me all the information they have gotten so far.\" \"How much have they extracted?\" Okun asked. \"Twenty terabytes of data and information but according to them that accounts to just 0,3% or so.\" Rosenberg explained. \"It seems they encountering alien firewalls and protection programs at every turn so they are proceeding with extreme caution. Also some of the data and information they have gotten are data and information we already had.\" Okun sighed, thankful that he had accepted the help of the Sphere. \"When the Resistance arrives the Sphere has told me it will arrange for them to help with the extraction of information.\" \"I understand. Although do you think it is wise?\" Rosenberg said with concern on his voice. \"The people here have suffered a lot more than the rest of the Planet because of the wars against the alien, I'm not sure those Resistance fighters would be welcome.\" \"Umbutu knows about the Sphere and the arrival of the Resistance.\" Okun said a little confused. \"Why would he not welcome the Resistance?\" \"Umbutu is not the problem.\" Rosenberg said. \"In any case the problem is also his.\" \"What the hell happened?\" Okun not really liking being in the dark. \"It seems some warlords benefitted from his absence a year ago. The planted the seeds of disent among his people\" Rosenberg said. \"Not everyone is loyal to him and there have been a few attempts on his life as well as some attacks on the scientists as well.\" \"Perhaps you should explain the situation to Dr Levinson clearly this time Dr Okun.\" Sounded the voice of the Sphere. \"Yes perhaps I should.\" Said Okun with a clearly worried expression before sprinting out of the lab. (((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))[Chapter 2] Well here is the first actual chapter of the story since the previous was the prologue. I know it's been a little late but I'm actually on vacation and not in my own country so I've actually had to look for time to finish it up. I do hope you enjoy it and I'll try to have the next chapter ready earlier this time. LD: I do not own Independence Day. Chapter 1: Welcome to Earth. \"Dr. Okun I have to say I didn't expect you to come to my home at five AM much less to tell me this\" David said as he looked at the Scientist who was seating on the living room being served a cup of coffee by Catherine. \"I knew you were interested and were trying to extract more information from the downed ship. But you've never told me much about what you were doing, in fact if I recall correctly last time I asked you about it you told me you would inform me properly when you got results. Now you want me to ask the UN Secretary General to deploy more forces to Congo to secure the ship because there is a risk of losing the ship and the information on it.\" \"Something unexpected has come up. It seems Umbutu is not completely in control of his people, some resent him because of his cooperation with the UN, some are spying on the camp, and some seek the information on the ship for their own personal gain.\" Okun said. \"Imagine what one of those crazy warlords could do with the information and technology the ship can offer, you know that on their minds there's only their own benefits and that they see the UN and the ESD as enemies. If we do not prevent that possible scenario we won't be able to prevent similar scenarios in the future we can forget the counterattack against the aliens because for the first time in many, many years our enemies will be human once again not to mention that the loss of the ship and information will a catastrophic event on it's own.\" David sighed, Bracken Okun had a point, humanity had to stand together, there wasn't any times for tribal disputes or rebellions, no matter how long their estimations said it would take them to launch a counterattack, he'd told the Secretary General two years, but it could be less or more time depending of how they played their cards every single day. \"I will see what I can do about it, but it will take time.\" David said. \"Especially with what is happening today.\" \"I understand.\" Okun said and then he seemed to remember something. \"That reminds me, the Sphere has said the Resistance can help us obtain the information from the Ship much faster, perhaps you should also report that to the Secretary General.\" Both men sipped on the coffee as Catherine observed Okun atentively. They had grown very close during the year Okun had been awake. After the attack of 2016 the UN decided that having someone like Catherine around could be really helpful, in fact she was working on a project of how the minds \"touched\" by their alien foes evolved after they had been released from their control and how much information they shared with them during their link. It wasn't all that different from what Catherine had been working prior to the attacks and it helped her original work but she shuddered thinking of what she could or could not include. She had heard some rumours about the plans the UN had of forcing people to connect with the aliens just to extract information and seeing how most people touched by them were affected differently in not necessary a good way afterwards she preferred to delay her research as much as possible. She was now serving more as a therapist for ESD personnel after the war of 2016 although Okun, who had been one of the ones who suffered the most had also been one of the few to refuse her help while not refusing her attempts at forming a good friendship. That was why Catherine felt she needed to chastise Okun for what seemed the millionth time since she knew him. \"How long have you been awake?\" She asked through narrowed eyes. Okun looked at her briefly before averting his eyes. I've been busy, I do not have time to sleep. \"Brackish\" She said sternly. \"You promised me you would go to sleep yesterday after our dinner.\" \"I couldn't I had much to do my dear, as you know the events in Africa required immediate attention.\" Okun tried to defend weakly. \"Don't think I don't know what you are doing\" Catherine said glaring at him. \"You are punishing yourself because of what happened to Milton. You think you are to blame for this.\" \"I think I've told you many times I don't need a therapist Catherine!\" Okun shouted indignantly as he began to head for the door. \"Now if you'll excuse me I have matters to tend to.\" \"Those matters can wait until tomorrow.\" David, who'd been watching the exchange in silence said. \"Now you will remain here and sleep on the couch.\" Okun opened his mouth to protest but he was silenced by a movement of David hands. \"That's an order so unless you want to spend the night on a cell wasting your time I suggest you take my invitation.\" Okun indignantly and mumbled softly. David then looked at Catherine who was smiling at him lovingly. \"Let's go to the bed, I have to be up in two hours and I almost haven't slept tonight.\" He said as he moved himself back to the bedroom with her following. \"Thank you my love\" she said as soon as they were out of Okun's hearing range. \"I'll perhaps find a way to compensate you.\" And for what had to be possibly the very first time in the history of their relationship he refused such an offer. \"Not today, I'm too tired.\" He said as he entered the room leaving her with a shocked expression. It wasn't for long though as \"I'm holding you to that promise tomorrow\" sounded from the inside making Catherine chuckle and roll her eyes before entering the room herself. (((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) The Five members of \"Legendary Squadron\" Dylan, Jake, Rain, Patricia, who'd returned to being a pilot after the tragic death of her father, and Charlie sat in the briefing room chatting amicably among themselves as they waited for the Director of the Earth's Space Defense, to make his appearance. They were used to David Levinson's lack of punctuallity, as director he had much to do and not really being a military man he often forgot he had to brief the pilots, mainly because didn't have many missions that year, only a few training flights and a scare with a stolen alien ship which was flown over the ruins of Washington, with the location being the reason the US government had requested that \"Legendary squadron\" took that foe on themselves even though it turned out to be just a prank in which the perpretators would spend some time in jail. When the director finally entered the room he looked like sleep had eluded him all throughout the night and not because he was having fun precisely. Keeping their thoughts to themselves they saluted him and waited for him to speak. \"Sit down\" He said simply and they all obeyed. He'd given up on telling them it wasn't necessary for them to salute him, because he knew they would argue that he was the Director and their commanding officer. After Adams \"Promotion\" David had been left in charge of both the military and the research branches of the ESD, something he wasn't really grateful for, he had the help of some of ESD Colonels normally, but they usually stood by his side and did little more during the briefings while only acting active during the operations. David pushed all those thoughts aside as he noticed everyone staring at him, waiting for him to begin. Using the computer he had on his desk he passed an image to the screen behind him. Some kind of large ship, long, armed with cannons and several propulsors on it's back. It had what she seemed to be the ship's pertruding from it's main body like a periscope or more like the bridge of a cargo ship, the main body seemed seened like a a giant submarine, three submarines, the main doubling the size of the other two whick were attached to the back half of the main body each at one side or so it seemed from their perspective. It was also colored in a dark grey \"This is the Space Frigate \"Night Huntress\"\" The ship the resistance fighters have come in and is currently awaiting you near the Luna 2 Base. \"Your mission as you know is to serve as escorts to it and bring it down here. The sphere is in charge of communicating with it's crew so you won't have to do so yourselves, besides the frequency their communications operate is not someone your comm systems can reach yet.\" \"Isn't that a little bit dangerous, I mean if we are not careful with our every move they could think we are attacking them.\" Charlie said. The probabilities of that happening were slim but a voice in all the pilots head associated everything alien related with something bad, although given the good the Sphere was doing for humanity as a whole they were willing to give this resistance the benefit of the doubt. \"They are coming with good intentions Charlie if you don't fool around or try to show off your piloting skills to them everything will be fine.\" David said as he threw Jake a pointed look. \"What?\" Jake asked defensively even though he knew what that was about. \"Much is expected from you.\" A voice sounded as a man on his fifties, even though the only sign of age was the greying of his black hair, dressed in a military uniform, a dark blue uniform from the USAF. \"And we know you won't disappoint.\" David looking at the man and his eyes opened wide \"Mitchell what are you doing here?\" \"Nice meeting you again Doctor Levinson\" General Mitchell spoke as everyone looked at him. \"You have been requesting a military officer to help you run this place and you got yourself one.\" He then looked at the pilots. \"What are you waiting for get to your Fighters?\" The pilots had many questions but decided their questions could wait until they returned from their mission. Saluting the new arrival who just nodded the five of them ran out of the briefing room to finish getting prepared. Once alone in the room he looked back at David. \"I've been asking for a commander of military operations for a year.\" David said. \"What made Washington change their minds?\" \"It wasn't Washington it was Geneve. The Secretary General wasn't really pleased with your estimations. Two years is too long to launch a counterattack, he called president Adams who called me. Both of them want to launch the first wave of the Counterattack next year at the most, 2018.\" David huffed, typical political strategy, nodding with your head as if you agreed to everything someone told you and then stabbing that someone in the back. \"The Sphere has adviced us until Earth's defenses are fonctionning again.\" David protested. \"We are in the middle of that we haven't even had time to look at the plans for possible space ships to build most of which require material or technology we don't have yet.\" \"We are already working on that not to worry although I will have to speak to the Sphere and the rebels for them to hurry the delivery of those materials.\" Mitchell said. David processed the words he'd just heard. \"You are already working on the ships?\" David said. \"Why wasn't I informed of that?\" \"The UN security council does not respond before you Doctor.\" Mitchell said. \"You've kept some secrets from the higher ups and conducted independent operations over the years, even right before the second alien attack and during it's aftermath too.\" David looked at the man, it was clear that the UN had at least some knowledge of Okun's activities in Africa. \"Anything else?\" David asked trying as hard as he could not to glare at the man who was supposedly his new colleague. \"We are holding the competition to decide the builder of the new fighter in 8 months.\" Mitchell added and David could swear he was smirking. The New Fighter who would substitute the H-8 was a greatly debated topic between David and the Security Council. With the prospect of Deep Space Battles just the H-8 fighter could not be enough even if they improved it, at least according to the Sphere, so the UN decided that while H-8 would be improved to try and make it usable in Deep space a new fighter would be built, one usable, in deep space battles as well as orbital and planetary battles. So far several enterprises were working on prototypes for this new fighters, especifically two different groups of aeronautical enterprises were working on two different prototypes. However as far as David was concerned neither of those groups were finished even with their prototypes yet. \"It's too soon.\" David said. \"That's not our problem.\" Mitchell said but then he seemed to reconsider. \"I think we could find some incentive, economic perhaps, for them to finish the project in time don't you think?\" This time David did glare he didn't like what Mitchell was saying not only because it went against what the Secretary General, that traitor, had said of prioritizing the rebuilding plan over everything else and not having enough budget for the ESD's demands but also because it was making the same mistake that killed his good friend Steven Hiller. Ignoring his glare Mitchell added. \"Let's discuss this another moment.\" Mitchell said exiting the the room . \"We have some aliens to receive.\" David just glared at him until he managed to recompose himself. It was true that he didn't want to keep managing the ESD without someone like Adams who always turned out to be a great help but he had the sneaking suspicion Mitchell would be more of a pain in the ass. With that thought in mind he followed General Mitchell to the main control room. (((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) The members of \"Legendary Squadron\" flew their H-8 Fighters out of the atmosphere and headed for the moon where their guests waited for them. The control tower informed them that they had stopped their engine near \"Luna 2\" Moon base a few hundred miles away from the old Moon Base. The squadron flew in formation and maintaining radio silence, everyone really alert, prepared for whatever happened. Dylan \"Legendary 1\" Flew at the point of the formation with Jake at his right side and Patricia to his left with Charlie and Rain flying beside Jake and Patricia respectively. \"Be ready guys we approaching the moon\" Dylan spoke through the radio. \"Roger\" responded the rest of the squadron in unison as the allied ship came into view more impressive than how it had seemed on a screen although that wasn't really surprising. The ship turned it's engines on and approached them and like they had practiced the maneuver a thousand times with the aliens \"Legendary squadron\" assumed it's position as their visitor's escorts heading for the Earth. \"Earth Space Defense this is Legendary Squadron\" Dylan reported. Our friends are under our protection I repeat our friends have arrived and are under our protection.\" \"Good Job Legendary Squadron\" Sounded the voice of one of the control tower operators. Escort them back \"Copy that\" Dylan said as he observed the ship. It had to be at least a km front to rear, and the scary part was it wasn't as large as their foes ships. \"Dylan\" sounded the voice of Jake. \"We are entering the atmosphere\" \"I can see that\" Dylan replied with a chuckle \"But thanks for the update.\" He added truly thankful his friend helped him keep his head on the mission. \"Well this was a short and boring mission.\" Charlie said, disappointment clear on his voice as they initiated the approach to the ESDHQ. \"Enjoy them while you can Charlie.\" Patricia said. \"Because once we strike back at those bastards we won't have any of these.\" \"She is right Charlie\" the voice of Rain sounded. \"Plus take into account I intend to turn you into a hand to hand combat master before our counterattack begins.\" Charlie shuddered and made his discomfort clear through the radio making everyone laugh. \"Ok that's enough\" Dylan said with humor still present on his voice. \"Let's break away and go to the hangar, our friends are initiating their descent.\" \"Roger that\" Replied the rest of the squadron again as they maneuvered towards the hangar. ((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) Sometimes first appearances could be deceiving, sometimes things weren't what they seemed and David had always had been a firm subscriber of that saying. However as he looked at General Mitchell he was more and more sure the years had turned a strict but normal military man into a fully developed asshole after spending only little time with him after years of separation. They had spent their time on the control room in silence as the first part of the escort mission took place, thankfully \"Legendary\" Squadron knew what they had to do and not many commands or communication from the control room were necessary and Mitchell didn't do much ordering around, he just observed how things worked. For those few brief minutes until the middle of the escort operations when they decided to head for the jeeps David had almost reassessed his opinion, but that urge didn't last long as they encountered Doctor Okun and the Sphere heading for the convoy as well. And Mitchell decided to speak again. \"Dr. Okun\" Mitchell spoke in a tone of voice that held disdain for the man before him. \"It's nice to see you again when you are not napping.\" He added with no humor on his voice whatsoever David observed Mitchell, completely dumbfounded. He'd known Okun and him didn't get along when he was commander of area 51 but referring to Doctor Okun's 20 year coma as a simple nap was just cruel. Especially when, even if Mitchell didn't know it, Okun didn't sleep much nowadays. \"General Mitchell\" Okun greeted the General ignoring his tone and attitude. \"Nice to meet you again\" he said obviously lying. The General nodded and observed the Sphere who was being carried around by some technicians and protected by some guards. \"So that's the Sphere.\" Mitchell said with only a hint of interest present in his voice. \"That's the name you humans have given me.\" The Sphere replied obviously sensing the hostility Mitchell was emitting. \"Nice to meet you General Mitchell.\" At the sound of the Alien being's voice Mitchell nodded again and continued to walk. \"He is... an interest individual\" the Sphere said and David sighed as he and Okun got moving as well. \"It's a way to describe him\" he said. \"Director Levinson.\" A guard interrupted. \"Our friends have arrived.\" He informed him just as they got out of the complex and saw the ship landing just as \"Legendary\" squadron headed for the hangar again just as a convoy composed of several hammers and military Truck parked near the entrance and they all got in. Okun got on the truck as the technicians loaded the Sphere on it and David got on the first hammer with General Mitchell and after the Sphere was on the truck the convoy initiated their way to meet the aliens. David and General Mitchell were driven in silence, something David was grateful as he cared for small time with the General as much as the General did for small talk with him. After driving for a mile they detected were they were supposed to head as a ramp descended from the ship and touched the ground. \"Dr. Levinson let me do the talking when we arrive.\" The General said in a particularly cold and professional voice that seemed to hide something. \"We actually thought we should have the Sphere do the talking.\" David said. \"Since we don't have any knowledge of their language and the or any translation device available.\" \"I'm not asking you what you planned to do David.\" Mitchell said. \"I've been told by both the Secretary General of the United Nations to handle this meeting and I will handle it as I see fit.\" \"With all due respect\" lied David \"I don't think you can do it without at least the Sphere's translation's skill not to mention she has been the only one in contact with the aliens since planning this meeting.\" \"That's what worries me.\" The General said making David roll his eyes. He had understood that skepticism from the higherups in the days following the 2016 war and alien attack from Anderson and the UN. But a year after it's arrival the only thing that being, that alien had done nothing but help the human race and it was clear the Sphere meant no harm. Although they were those who still saw it as a threat due to it's alien origins \"So what do you propose we do?\" David asked truly curious about the answer. \"It's not like we have a plan B to talk with this aliens for the OBVIOUS reasons I have given you\" Mitchell sighed in frustration after seeing his point just as the cars parked in front of the landing ramp of the ship. Several aliens were seemingly outside already waiting for the human hosts, their appearance seemed reptillian, bypedal reptylians it seemed with tails and all, taller than the humans and all of them wore armors of black metal and what seemed like helmets that covered their head and faces and armed with weapons similar to those of the humans although those closer to the ramps seemed to have large bladed weapons for close quarter combat. At least those were the most prominent for there were several other types of alien soldiers all dressed in similar armors only distinguished by their shapes or some other body characteristics. The human soldiers of the ESD didn't wait any time as they got out of the cars and and observed the new arrivals checking for any suspicious movements and the technicians unloaded the Sphere from the truck. \"Tell the Sphere that she'll act only as a translator then.\" Mitchell said as he got. \"Yes sir\" David mumbled in reply not really seeing the point of continuing the argument and getting out he approached Okun to tell him the news. \"What do you mean he only wants the Sphere as a translator?\" Okun asked angrily as soon as David told him new. \"The Sphere organized this meeting with the Resistance! No she is the Resistance! How do you think the Resistance will take it if they see we have reduced the Sphere into a damn translator!\" \"Keep your voice down\" David said. \"Look I don't like this either but the UN has put him here so for now we will have to follow his rules for a while.\" \"Doctor Levinson is right Doctor Okun.\" The Sphere spoke. \"The General is not the first being to distrust me among the races of the Resistance. For the sake of our victory I will be just his translator today.\" \"Thank you\" David said smiling at the Alien being. \"The representatives are here\" the Sphere spoke clearly moving on from the conversation. David and Okun turned towards the ship to see what she was talking about as the largest yet of the aliens that had come out of the ship, it seemed to belong to the reptillian race. He wore a black armot but his face a mix of a a lizard's, with reptillian eyes sharp teeth and green scales, and a human as it's facial structure a was in the middle between the human and a lizard, oddly similar to one of the villain's that appeared in the amazing Spiderman movies, the only one of the first, ironically called the lizard. Behind him other aliens from other races marched towards the humans, also with their faces exposed, surely representatives of other different races \"It's time\" David said as he reached Mitchell's side with the Sphere and Okun more to himself than anybody else. Mitchell seemed to hear him and nodded, seemingly less confident in himself than before. \"Welcome to Earth.\" He said as he approached the aliens.[Chapter 3] I'm sorry it took me this long to update but as I told you last chapter I was on vacation on a foreign country and I couldn't write as much as I would wanted. I'll try to have Chapter 3 up ASAP but I don't know when that will be. In september I'll be much more regular on the updates and I'll begin updating my other Stories too. Until then enjoy this chapter. LD: I do not own independence day Chapter 2: The Oath The Reptillian alien observed Mitchell who had spoken to him and said nothing. It was as if he was still deciding if he liked this new species they had encountered, the one that the Sphere was claimed was destined to lead them. Mitchell on his part remained very still, all the plans and visions he had for this meeting actually thrown out the window. The reptillian alien seemed was imponent and theGeneral couldn't help but feel a little threatened by his appearance. They kept their positions none moving an inch until the reptillian alien noticed the Sphere. He and the aliens who accompanied him brought their fist to their chest and bowed their heads in respect and the Reptillian alien spoke in a language which the humans didn't understand and the Sphere replied in said language. Suddenly the Sphere turned to observe the General. \"This is Zarhok of the Orwegian race. He has come in representation of the Council, the maximum government body of the Resistance.\" She explained. \"I'm General Mitchell and this gentleman here are Doctor Levinson and Doctor Okun.\" Mitchell said. \"Welcome to earth.\" He said regaining his confidence litte by little. The Sphere translated the words and the Reptillian alien said something on it's language to which it replied. \"What did he just say?\" Okun asked the Sphere earning himself a glare from Mitchell which he ignored. \"He is a little surprised and confused\" The Sphere replied. \"He expected the race who got rid of one of the Harvester Queen's to be more menacing more warrior-like.\" \"And what did you reply?\" Mitchell asked now offended at Zarhok. \"I said you were tougher than you looked\" The Sphere informed him. The orwegian spoke again in his language but suddenly the human realized they began to understand him. \"...In the end all that matters is if you can help us win.\" It said with a raspy yet deep masculine voice. Seeing the understanding on their faces he smiled, or so it seemed to the humans. \"It seems the translators are active. Their language is as primitive as we were warned.\" The General looked at the Sphere silently demanding an explanation. \"There are Several races amongst the members of the Resistance, that's why on each armor there's a translating device, capable of studying, analyzing and translating any language.\" The Sphere said. \"It will make things easier then.\" The General said. \"Are they able to understand us?\" \"Yes we are, the translators work both ways human.\" Zarhok said. \"Good, we have much to talk about.\" The General said. \"Are you the leader of your people?\" Asked a female aliens of almost human appearance, that of a woman on her twenties but features clearly not from that world, white skin blue eyes silver colored hear and pointy ears and of inmense beauty. Like Zarhok she also wore a black armor although Okun and David had trouble imagining her as a warrior. \"Excuse me?\" The General asked throwing her an annoyed look. \"I've asked you if you are the Leader of your people?\" The female alien asked. \"I'm the highest ranking officer of this base. I'm the person you've got to talk with.\" Mitchell said. \"And you are?\" \"Miradine, Princess of Natrole.\" The Sphere introduced her. \"You've not answered my question.\" Miradine said. \"I demand an answer. Are you the leader of your people?\" \"You d...\" Mitchell began clearly about to lose his temper but David was quick to act as he didn't want the General to ruin the meeting and probably a potential alliance. \"No he's not. He and I are what could be considered the leaders of this military base. Our leaders aren't here your highness.\" He intervened quickly and showing respect. He wasn't sure what the costumes with royalty were on other planets but he hoped he could appease the female alien. \"That's most displeasing.\" Sounded a robotic voice as another alien, one seemingly resembling a robot. \"We were hoping to talk with your leaders about your entrance in your alliance.\" \"Excuse me but isn't the Sphere your leader?\" General Mitchell asked curiously. \"The Sphere?\" The female asked in confusion until she put two and two together. Her expression told them he wasn't amused by that name, in fact she glared at Mitchell like he was a heretic of some kind or worse. \"How dare you refer to the Prophet in such a rude manner?\" She asked angrily and for a moment it seemed she was going to hit Mitchell, prompting several soldiers to be prepared to intervene if necessary. However she just stood near him glaring. \"The Prophet is the Saviour of all the races in the Resistance I will not stand by while you insult her in such a manner.\" \"Princess\" Zarhok intervened, his voice laced with authority. \"I think it would be best if you stood down I think he gets it.\" He put a hand on her shoulder and Miradine sighed and nodded. \"I will be in the ship. Call me if my presence is needed.\" She said heading back. Zarhok and the rest of her peers looked at her before he turned back to face the General. \"I'm sorry, she is a good warrior and a good woman but she still young and very hotheaded.\" The Orwegian warrior said. \"As you said the Prophet is our Leader, it trains us, gives us technology and prepares us for the long war ahead. However each of our races has it's own leaders who after the Prophet brought us to the Safe Planet formed the Council, the organ that helps the Prophet lead us in which every race has it's own voice.\" He added exposing the facts. At that moment David and Okun's minds were flooded similar thoughtsof how little they really knew about the resistance and the Sph... the Prophet which made them both ashamed. And how Zarhok despite his appearance and being obviously a warrior seemed to be patient and kind with the General. \"Why is it so important that you meet with our leaders?\" David finally asked as the General only nodded at the explaination from the Alien. \"Because we are going to let you join our ranks we need to meet your leaders and explain to them the duties and responsibilities that implies.\" The Robot like alien spoke again. As such we would like to conduct the process with the leaders without intermediaries. Plus the Princess is a good Judge of Character she will be able to see if your leaders have honest intentions about joining us\" \"I guarantee you we have.\" The General said. \"We are completely honest about joining you and eager to couterattack.\" \"I believe you and so does the Prophet.\" Zarhok said. \"But I could be wrong and...\" He paused for a moment and looked at the Sphere. \"Some members within the council do not like your idea of having this species leading the rebellion. Some of the members believe your judgement has been clouded by a mere struck of dumb luck.\" \"My judgement has not been clouded General.\" The Prophet spoke clearly not liking this test or the council's suspicions. \"And what this species did with the Harvester queen is more than just luck. You of all beings should know very few things rely solely in luck.\" \"It's an order from the council.\" Zarhok spoke. \"If you have any complaints you are welcome to use our communications room.\" \"That won't be necessary\" David intervened this time. \"We can arrange to communicate with our leaders right away. If you need them physically here it will take a little bit more time.\" \"Just a communication will do.\" The robot-like alien agreed and David nodded ignoring the glare coming his way from Mitchell who clearly had sensed he wasn't in control of the situation anymore, as the Prophet was no longer acting as just a translator and David was intervening more than the General thought he should. \"Then you are welcome to...\" David began but the General interrupted him before he finished the sentence. \"Then you will have to wait by your ship\" Mitchell said without hiding his irritation at both the aliens and David. \"I'll send one on of my men to fetch you when we are ready.\" \"That will not be a problem.\" Zarhok replied choosing ignore Mitchell's increasing hostility. Nodding at the alien's statement the General turned around and headed back for the car with David and Okun following him \"I will stay here General\" The Prophet said but the General ignored it and the only response it got was Okun's nod before the three men got in a car and the convoy drove away (((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) \"Do you know what you are doing?\" David asked Mitchell as both man entered the ESD's director's office, David's Office, at least for the time being if the UN didn't decide to give it to Mitchell too. He was making an effort not to shout but his anger was present in his voice. \"You are about to ruin a year of work\" \"If you had let me conduct a negotiation how I told you this would not have happened.\" Mitchell replied also containing his voice although it was clear by his expression than he wanted to punch David or worse. \"You damn fool!\" Okun said. The former Scientific Head of Area 51 was even more pissed than David even if he hadn't shown it in front of the Aliens. \"How dare you come here and begin to ruin everything we've been working for!\" David looked at his colleague as the General glared at him coldly. \"Careful with what you say Doctor.\" He then looked at David. \"I am the highest ranking officer and this is a military base so I can have both of on a cell if you don't behave. I've been tempted do so as you and that fucking metallic sphere began disobeying me.\" \"How did we...\" Okun began but David raised his hand to stop the Doctor from getting himself arrested. \"Listen General.\" David said regaining his composure and sighing. \"I understand that you are here to do your mission.\" Even if it seems you are just being a dick about it he might have wanted to add but herefrained from doing so and continued. \"However us fighting over who is in control of this organization or the negotiation with the aliens doesn't help anyone. The war against the beings that attacked us is far from over and we will need as much help as possible, the schedule you and the UN Secretary General have set depends on it. So let's concentrate on what's truly important, getting ourselves some intergalactic allies because if it's us against the Universe we are not going to survive very long. \"Alright\" Mitchell said sighing and nodding. \"We will contact the Secretary General and the Security Council, they were all awaiting a report on the situation anyway. I'll let you know however that I don't agree with this and if the aliens do something as much as offend them or the negotiation fails I will not cover for you\" He added a warning before stepping out of the room. Once alone Okun looked at David. \"He is even more abnoxious than I remember.\" He said with indignation on his voice. \"You are supposed to be the Director of the ESD can't you fire him or something?\" He asked only half joking. \"You know how long I've been asking for a General to come help me manage this place?\" David replied completely serious. \"They won't understand that I ask for another one if I fire Mitchell, plus he has the support of at least the Secretary General of the UN. We'll just have to learn to coexist and cooperate with him.\" \"I guess so\" Okun reluctantly agreed and decided to change the topic. \"Where is the Sph... the Prophet?\" He asked Okun. \"We could really use it's help to plan a negotiation strategy.\" \"It has remained with the Alien forces.\" Okun replied and David groaned, he was sure the General was not going to like it when he found out. Okun chuckled and added as if he was reading David's mind. \"It told the General but he wouldn't listen and you also ignored it.\" David nodded but still sighed hoping that Mitchell would be too busy with the higher ups to notice before the meeting. (((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) The prophet encountered itself in front of the hologram of a Orwegian, even if the hologram showed him bigger than normal it was clear that it was larger than any of the ones on the ship and, as far as the Prophet knew larger than any member of his species. Council Menber Krangton, was the leader of the Orwegian race and one of the most prominent members of the Rebellion. He was also a being that liked to antagonize everything the Prophet said and yet did so in a way that he rarely offended the other members of the council. \" This test was your idea .\" The Prophet spoke in a way that would have surprised any of her new human allies if they had heard it. It was full a voice full of accusation and not at all robotic. Then again she was speaking in the language of the Orwegian race which was aggressive by nature. \" Wasn't it? \" \" This was a decision made by the Council as a whole. \" Krangton replied with his face and voice not revealing any emotion. \" Although it may have been my idea to begin with. \" \" This is most unusual, you've never tested the willingness of a race to join us. What brought this on? \" The Prophet asked. \" Could it be that you are afraid the humans will take away your race's spot as the Resistance's Vanguard? \" \" Is that your plan? \" Krangton replied with a question of his own although he smiled at the end of that sentence. \" Of course it wouldn't be. I've known you long enough to know that you appreciate all the species in the Resistance. However you seem to think this Human Race is Key to defeating our enemies, to lead us even. As such I wish to see to which lengths they will go for us, we don't need someone who is not willing to fight until the very end, someone that could betray us on our side. \" \" What will happen if the Humans don't pass your test? \" The Prophet asked. \" Will you have this ship leave the planet in peace or will you conquer it \" \" We will leave them in peace. \" Krangton said although the Prophet could tell he was lying. \" It will just mean that I was right and you were wrong. But you shouldn't have to worry it's not a difficult test, just a conversation with Princess Miradine. \" \" We both know it's not that simple \" the Prophet replied but before it could add something else it noticed de presence of Zarhok near the communication's room entrance. The Orwegian saluted the leader of his race bringing his right fist to the left side of his chest and bowed his head before looking at the Prophet. \" We've received word from the Humans, their leaders are waiting to speak with us. \" He told the Prophet. \" We shall see now if your faith on this humans is well placed. \" Krangton spoke. \" I'll await your update \" he added looking at Zarhok who just nodded before the hologram of the other Orwegian disappeared. ((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) David observed as the Prophet, Zarhok and their companions entered the ESDHQ's Control room and then observed the world leaders who had been contacted through Videocall hoping this meeting would go well and without any troubles, for he was sure that without this intergalactic allies the Earth would not, could not, withstand a third attack by aliens. Like they had done when they had first met with David and Mitchell the alien delegation brought their fist to the chest and bowed their head as a sign of respect while the human leaders didn't make a move. They just observed the alien delegation in silence, a silence which was interrupted by the Prophet. \"Members of the Earth's Security Council, I present to you the Representative's of the Resistance for this delegation.\" The Prophet spoke without really introducing anyone to anyone. \"I am Zarhok\" The Orwegian spoke taking a few steps forward. \"And who may I ask is the Supreme leader of this council.\" The Surprise was evident on the faces of the politicians as they observed this being as it spoke to them in perfect english. When someone finally broke the silence at least a minute of each party examining the other had passed. \"I guess I am not the first person to tell you this.\" Secretary Johnson finally spoke. \"But welcome to Earth.\" \"Are you the leader of your Species?\" Princess Miradine asked as rudely as she had done with Mitchell. Or so seemed to think the General who, like David had observed silently since the aliens had entered the room. However he said nothing as he knew it wasn't his place to reply, something David was grateful for since he knew another argument between the General and the Princess could bring these talks to a very bad ending. \"In this case yes I speak for the human race. I am Bob Johnson Secretary General of the United Nations.\" Johnson said politely. \"General Mitchell told us you wanted to speak with us personally.\" \"And who are these other people?\" The Princess inquired and David could swear her eyes were glowing unnaturally as she questioned the Secretary General. \"This Security Council, are they your advisors?\" \"Things don't quite work like that in our world\" President Adams intervened not liking to be only an spectator during this exchange. \"We are the leader's of some of the most powerful nations in this planet.\" \"Nations is the equivalent this planet has of tribes, clans etc.\" The Prophet explained being able to read the Princess's next question. David chuckled and looked around for Okun wondering if the good Doctor was finding this as amusing as he was however the good Doctor was nowhere to be found in the control room, something that seemed weird to David as Okun was one of the people that were most interested in the conversations going well. Before he could wonder further, his thoughts were interrupted by Sebastian Schmidt, an aging german politician, bald with blue eyes and an still imposing body complexion, who was the President of the European Comission that represented the EU, who occupied a place in the Security Council since the death of the last French President and was in charge of rebuilding the most part of the European Continent, with the exception of the countries outside the EU and Britain, which was neither fully in or fully out. \"So why did you want to talk with us directly?\" He asked with a thick German accent but in perfect english. Before the Princess could respond the robot-like alien whose name David still didn't know spoke. \"We want you to swear loyalty to the cause of the Resistance.\" He spoke matter-of-factly as if what he said was the most natural thing in the world. \"Excuse me?\" Asked an aging asian woman of black hair and petite complexion. She was Sakura Taneguchi, Prime Minister of Japan. \"We want to make sure we can trust you to fight against our common enemy.\" Zarhok spoke not at all surprised by the reaction of the world's Leaders. \"We will ask you to swear an oath, from the information that we've gathered it's not that unusual in this world.\" The Orwegian said clearly more informed about Earth than the Princess. \"Just that?\" The Russian prime minister, a bulky young man with military haircut and piercing blue eyes asked with an accent even thicker than the German. \"Just that\" Zarhok confirmed, however he added something that clearly made the World leaders nervous. \"However I believe it's fair to inform you that the princess as well as her whole race can be considered Lie Detectors, those who try to fool her never succeed it may even bring them pain to do so.\" David had to suppress a shudder, as much as a tiny sadistic part of him would like to see the Secretary General try to lie to the alien if only to see him suffer a little for what he had done to David and almost the whole negotiation by sending Mitchell, the larger and most logical part of him knew that the outcome of this alliance rested completely on the shoulders of politicians and what was worse politicians speaking the truth. Looking at the faces of said politicians however they seemed to be more offended than nervous since the last thing Zarhok had said seemed like a thinly veiled threat. \"We accept\" The Secretary General spoke with determination clear on his voice. It seemed the man could be reliable sometimes as the confidence on his voice made David gain some of his own back. \"Very well.\" Zarhok spoke. \"Then repeat after me. \"We the Leaders of the Human Race\"\" He began with the oath that the Council repeated. \" \"Swear in front of the Prophet and the Delegation of the Confederation of Intergalactic Species that resist against the Swarm's aggressive behavior\"\" He continued and the Council continued with him. \"That our species will fight with all our strength and to the last sentient being until our enemy is defeated, with an iron will and unwavering loyalty.\"\" The Orwegian finished and the Council finished with him. David had to admit that the oath the council had just sworn was simple enough, yet powerful and very specific. He also had to admit that he liked the name the Resistance had for the Hostile aliens, The Swarm, perhaps because of their large numbers during their attacks and their hive mind which made them similar to a swarm of insects. Zarhok looked at Miradine whose eyes stopped glowing shortly after the Oath of the Council was finished. \"Well?\" Zarhok asked the Netrolean princess. The young girl, who seemed tired, just as some of Council members seemed too, nodded to the Orwegian who smiled. \"It seems your sincerity has been proved.\" He said looking at them and then at General Mitchell. \"It seems there is much work to be done.\" Mitchell nodded with a smile on his own which surprised David, and some of the operators celebrated, but of course the moment was brief as Catherine entered the room with a clearly nervous expression. David approached his girlfriend who had gotten the attention of every being present on the room as well as the Security Council. \"Catherine\" David spoke concerned. \"Are you alright?\" \"We've received a transmission from Africa David.\" She said. David, Secretary Johnson and General Mitchell, who knew what was going on in Africa, they knew of Okun's clandestine operation, looked at each other worried. \"What happened?\" David asked. \"Dr Okun is talking with Umbutu right now to get the whole picture but...\" Catherine paused for a moment trying to stop panting. \"...Some unknown rebel forces have gained control of the Ship.[Chapter 4] Here is the fourth Chapter of independence day Counterattack. I'm very sorry for the delay but I've been out of my home and without my computer for the last days of August as well. I would like to thank all the reviews and supports I've been getting for you and I would like to tell \"Guest\" some of the answers you seek are in this chapter, yes I will try to update weekly from now on. And the rest of the answers will be at the end of the Chapter. By the way the RNU stands for République Nationale d'Umbutu LD: I do not own Independence day. Chapter 3: The fall of the RNU Rosenberg and Umbutu stood in an office on a UN building on the refugee camp that was the nearest to the République Nationale d'Umbutu in front of the commander of the UN forces in Congo, Colonel Pierre Dumas, a fifty something french national member of the French Foreign Legion with a hard face, deep greem eyes and a nose that had had to be broken more than once who was small for a man on his line of work but commanded respect with every movement he made and who as far as they could take was less than pleased of having to shelter rebels within his base and refugee camp. However the information they had given and the actions of both men during the 2016 war against the alien had made it very hard for him and his men to block them entrance to their camp, well that and the number of occidental citizens they brought with them. \"Have you contacted our friends in the ESD yet?\" Dumas asked Umbutu and Rosenberg. \"Yes we have\" Rosenberg replied, knowing that it was best if he was Umbutu's voice within the camp, after all not so long ago he'd been an enemy of the UN's forces in the area and despite his actions during the latest war that fact could be an impediment to the normal flow of information between them and their, at least for now, protectors. \"I reported it to the ESD's and from what I could gathered they would soon report it to the Security Council.\" \"So they told you they would contact you back.\" Dumas assumed. \"Exactly. I suppose they are coming up with a plan to retake the ship.\" Rosenberg said with a nod. \"And are you going to evacuate you and the scientist soon?\" Dumas asked, not hiding the fact that he didn't like the situation. Umbutu was going to reply but Rosenberg put his hand on his friend's arm and shook his head. \"It is possible that they will require our assistance here and the scientist need to be here also\" Rosenberg explained. \"So I will have to host you here until then huh?\" Dumas asked clearly displeased by this turn of events. \"Yes\" Umbutu replied and the General glared at him although he didn't even make Umbutu flinch. Rosenberg sighed as he could see why there would be tension between the man, however he couldn't have Umbutu getting into a fight with a UN commander nor could he have the UN commander getting a fight with Umbutu mainly because it could need to a huge fight through the refugee camp and he'd rather not deal with that. The Colonel looked at Rosenberg seemingly seeing no reason to continue provoking the warlord due to the inevitability of the situation. \"So how come did you and the rebel forces get expelled from Umbutu's territory?\" He asked. \"I know for a fact the Congolese have been trying to retake their lost province ever since Umbutu Sr took power.\" \"We've been betrayed.\" Umbutu spoke. \"Samuel Massamba's forces struck during the last hours of the night in collaboration with some men I considered loyal and trustworthy.\" \"I thought you told me you didn't know who was behind it.\" Rosenberg said a little hurt that Umbutu hadn't told when he had asked. \"I didn't know when you asked me.\" Umbutu replied sincerely. \"I've just learnt of it talking to some of my men before coming into the tent. They said they had seen the banner of Massamba's men in some of the attackers clothes.\" \"Massamba?\" The Colonel asked losing all the tan he had acquired during his mission in Africa. \"You mean the cultist that believes the Aliens to be the messengers of god who've come to punish is all for our sins. That Massamba?\" \"That's the one.\" Umbutu confirmed the Colonel's fears. \"Well that explains the way they fought and what I heard.\" Rosenberg remembering the events of the attack. (((Flashback))) Rosenberg laid in bed on the room Umbutu had installed him in on the \"Presidential Palace\" of the République Nationale d'Umbutu. He had to say being friends with an african warlord had some advantages like for example being able to sleep on a somewhat comfortable bed when most of the African continent didn't have that luxury. Yet that night sleep seemingly avoided him, the information of a possible revolt of some of Umbutu's man had him nervous. Not because he feared for his life, a year ago he had among other thing demonstrated to himself that he could be a damn tough fighter if the situation called for it, but because of what could happen if Umbutu lost control of the ship. During the year that he had known Doctor Okun he had come to see the Doctor as the very intelligent although eccentric man he was, a man who was very rarely wrong and who had tasked him with the very important task of overseeing the scientist extracting information from the ship and keeping him informed, especially remarking the importance of the operation when he had send him on his way. He seemed to think the information on the ship could be key for the future of humanity and for the war against it's enemies. Sighing he closed his eyes, it would do him well to get some sleep because tired and alert were not things that really went together. However as soon as he closed his eyes he opened them again as he heard an explosion going off too close for comfort followed by the alarmed shouting of the guards and gun fire both laser fire and bullets. It took him a few seconds to put all those sounds together in the same context until the realization came to him. The République was under attack. Picking up his own gun he moved towards the door but stopped himself. This attack was most likely human, and he had never had to kill a member of his own species before. Sure he had practiced with the recruits during his basic training but the first and last time he'd seen some real action was during the Battle of Area 51 against the aliens. \"It's kill or be killed!\" Resounded the voice of the sargeant on his heas that had been in charge of his training the past year, Sargeant Jackson, a veteran of many wars aside from the ones against the aliens and a true military man. That what he shouted whenever some of his men asked him about combat. Nodding to himself as he was reassured he could do well in battle he exited his room and entered a hall where two guards, two of the men Umbutu trusted the most, stood guard, armed wirh laser rifles. They were clearly nervous and he was sure the only thing impeding them from rushing into battle was Umbutu's order to never leave Rosenberg's side. \"What's happening?\" Rosenberg asked the man to the left of the door who had a a radio on one of his hand. \"We are under attack from some other insurgent groups.\" The man replied. \"And where is Umbutu?\" Rosenberg asked. \"He was with the scientists escorting them back to their barracks but he has retreated back to the laboratory they set up near the ship.\" The soldier told him \"Tell him we are on our way\" Rosenberg said as he began walking down the hall. The two soldiers looked at each other and followed him but the soldier without the radio spoke. \"We are being overrun on all fronts\" the second soldier told him. \"The President has ordered our remaining forces to retreat out of the camp\" \"I've been here sent to ensure that the mission to extract information from the ship is going according to plan.\" Rosenberg said. \"At the very least I gotta make sure the scientist make it out alive.\" He said and neither soldier replied which Rosenberg interpreted as they accepting to help him. Of course as it often happened when you overcame an obstacle a bigger one appeared as just as he was about to turn around the last corner and head for the entrance several bullets and laser shots came his way making quickly duck for cover, as his two protectors returned fire. Once safely covered Rosenberg looked at his attackers, about twenty of them occupied the main entrance of the \"Palace\". Once determining he would have to shoot his way out of the palace he pointed his gun at one of the attackers, the one closest to him who wasn't taking cover, in fact he had a crazed expression and shouted as he shot his enemies with his old Kalashnikov. Rosenberg pointed the gun at the insurgent's head and shot. The man fell on his back with a somewhat fierce expression on his face. Rosenberg paused for a moment and took cover again just as his companions took out a couple of enemies as well. He had done it, he had took a human life, and it had been surprisingly easy. \"Concentrate\" He told himself as many shots impacted the corner beside him. \"You will have a moment to listen to your conscience once you are out of here Floyd.\" And with his determination reinforced he continued shooting at the enemies hoping he would have enough bullets to end them all while his companions called for help. A few minutes later only three of their opponents remained standing and taking cover behind some of the columns outside the entrance, sadly Rosenberg had also lost his two companions had run out of bullets and exhaustion was barely being fought back by a rush of adrenaline . Putting his gun away he took one of his companion's weapons and continued firing in a desperate attempt. His enemies perhaps scared by the scream Rosenberg let out as he charged them stepped back to the road in front of the \"Palace\" with one falling to his laser shots. But just as he thought he could win it he was forced to retreat behind the door as an even larger group of enemies began shooting at him. This time Floyd felt desperation taking over him. Closing his eyes he closed his eyes, it seemed his time to die was near, he could only hope that Umbutu had somehow managed to get the scientists out to safety. \"All heretics must die!\" A voice shouted just as more shouts resounded yet none impacted on the door and then silence. Rosenberg looked outside and was surprised to see an small convoy of vehicles with Umbutu and the scientists on board as well as about a hundred République d'Umbutu soldiers. \"Floyd quickly!\" Umbutu said as Rosenberg rushed towards the jeep he was in and jumped on the passenger's seat. A few seconds later Umbutu, Rosenberg and the convoy were on their way to the UN camp. (((End of Flashback))) \"So we will have to hold out here until the ESD decides to help us against one of the most dangerous and definitely the most fanatic warlord from this area.\" Dumas concluded interrupting Rosenberg's trip down memory lane. The accountant looked at him and nodded. \"It seems that way.\" Rosenberg replied. \"I should contact them again and tell them who we are up against.\" Rosenberg was just about to move towards the entrance a soldier entered the tent and saluted them. \"Sir\" the UN soldier addressed Dumas. \"The Congolese government has contacted us.\" He said with a worried expression. (((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) David sat on a chair on the ESDHQ in front of a screen with the image of Bob Johnson on a screen. On the room with him were Okun, Mitchell`, the Prophet, Miradine and Zarhok as well as several colonels from the ESD. The rest of the aliens had returned to the ship on Zarhok order and the security council had other matters to tend to although he was sure the Secretary General would keep them informed of whatever they decided. And as far as the meeting had gone so far it seemed the General consensus was that they had to intervene. However two things had happened that had sent them back to square one. The first one was the Congolese government's claim that the attack had been conducted by their forces to take the territory that Umbutu's rebels illegally occupied. The second one was Rosenberg report that in fact it was conducted not only by rebels but by some fanatics who considered the Swarm to be some kind of God's messengers and Congo's demand to hand over every piece of information they had extracted from the ship. Not only did those two pieces of news send them to square one but also slowed the decision making process greatly. Throwing a look at Zarhok and Miradine he wondered if the aliens were familiar with something similar to Earth's bureaucracy or it's decision making progress and hoped he didn't reconsider their alliance because of this. \"Sir we must act fast\" General Mitchell's voice broke David out of his thoughts. \"God only knows what those maniacs wish to do with the ship but the intelligence reports we actually have of their organization none of the prospects are too bright.\" \"Yet if we act Congo can easily consider it an act of war.\" Johnson said. \"Besides we do not have the Forces in the area to take back the area around the ship.\" \"We could use our bases in southern Europe.\" One of the Colonels said. \"We have several H-8 Fighters and ESD personnel in Spain and Italy.\" \"But Congo will appeal then to the African Union\" Johnson said looking at the worst case scenario \"And the UN still has many refugee camps and UN forces bases in the continent.\" \"Yet letting those lunatics have that kind of technology is crazy.\" Okun intervened. \"We must act now!\" \"Doctor let me be clear with you. Do not let the frustration of your failed illegal operation be impertinent with me because I will have thrown into the darkest hole of this planet\" Johnson said in barely contained anger. \"Gentlemen\" David intervened before the situation scalated. \"We have bigger issues than your bruised ego.\" And then he sighed. \"Perhaps we should wait and see what this Congo Clan's next step will be\" Zarhok said without letting any of his emotion about this show. \"I don't know how things work in your planet but it's obvious that a decisive action is better in this situation.\" Mitchell snapped at the Orwegian. \"If you were going to be decisive you would have already gathered your men and launched an attack.\" Zarhok said keeping his composure. \"Besides I've seen this before.\" \"What?\" Mitchell asked incredulously mirroring the thoughts of those present in the room. \"It's not unusual for those in the planet attacked by the Swarm to believe them to be some punishment by the Gods.\" Zarhok explained calmly. \"Nor is it weird that some of them turn against their own species because of it. Entire civilizations have turned into slaves for the Swarm believing them to be divine.\" A silence fell over the group as they tried to process what Zarhok was saying. If they had heard correctly the Swarm had it's own allies as well which made their two victories over them seem pointless, since it seemed they barely used a percentage of their force against them even if they killed one of their queens. \"It's good to know that Religious extremism exists in other planets as well.\" David said breaking the silence. \"I don't know if I can agree with that assessment.\" Miradine intervened with a somewhat pained expression. \"He was just being ironic\" The Prophet spoke for the first time since the meeting had begun and all of them looked at the metallic Sphere. \"Do you have any ideas?\" Secretary Johnson asked. \"I believe Zarhok's strategy is the most logical right now.\" The Sphere said. \"We will have to wait and see what happens.\" \"Then couldn't we at least evacuate our personnel from the area.\" Okun said clearly displeased with the plan, something Mitchell seemed to share. \"I'll talk about it with the congolese government and arrange for nearby countries to transport them out of Africa.\" Johnson said clearly frustrated with the whole situation. \"Let me know about any developments.\" \"Yes sir\" Mitchell replied professionally before the image of the UN's secretary general disappeared leaving only the men present at the ESDHQ's control room. \"Perhaps we should contact president Adams concerning the evacuation and a possible preemptive strike.\" He said once the Secretary General was gone. \"I believe it's wiser to wait\" David spoke. \"We don't if the president won't agree with the Secretary General on this plus it would create unnecessary conflict between the US and UN. I don't like to wait either but what Zarhok said seems reasonable. Although he could help us evacuate the area with the USAF if the UN's plan fails\" ((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) Samuel Massamba, a tall bulky black man with graying hair and dressed in a white robe with gold symbols knit into it, the High Priest robe as it was known to his followers, walked into what had been the République Nationale d'Umbutu's Presidential Palace. The corpses of his followers and those loyal to Umbutu were still all around the mansion and he stopped to look at many of his followers on his way to the Presidential office where those devilish Umbutu's had made many plans to destroy God's Messenger and from where many plans had been made during their Heretic war. He entered the despicable place and observed the portrait of the dictator who had brought as much pain to his people as he had the Gods before his son had deposed him and his followers executed him. To Massamba that portrait was physically painful he in fact supported himself against a wall to prevent himself from fainting. The more time he spent there the more he was sure he would burn all of this when he left, but unfortunately god had other plans for him. He would have to stay in such a despicable place for a while until his objective was accomplished. He smiled as he heard the shouts of the people, no, not people the heretic beasts that were being purged from this sinful world by his followers and their rifles. Men, women and children all lead towards limbo where they would cleanse themselves and ascend to the heavens, the warriors however would burn eternally in hell. Many had escaped though, too many had found refuge within the confines of the UN camp including Umbutu and his occidental friends. But it didn't matter because soon they would all be purged, purged by his hands, by the divine fire of God's messengers. His thoughts were interrupted as another African man, this one wearing a bussinessman's suit and golden glasses to compensate his lack of sight, entered the room. He was significantly less bulky, his skin was more brown than black, and was younger than Massamba, he also had an air of superiority the religious Leader didn't like. Someone he would have purged already if he wasn't useful and a member of the Congolese government he was using. While the Government of Congo had let him conduct the attack only with his forces without providing help they had sent extra-security to the camp and helped him deal with a possible attack from the United Nations, so he supposed it was a beneficial \"Partnership\". \"Mr Massamba\" the man, Mr Ibaka, Jean Ibaka, greeted him. \"I was looking for you.\" \"Well Mr Ibaka you have found me.\" Massamba replied courtly. \"What is the matter?\" \"This kind of savagery your men are conducting on the civillian population will make the UN be a tougher rival at the negotiating table.\" Ibaka said without hiding his irritation or his distaste for Massamba and his followers. \"If you have come to scold me, I believe your time would be better spent elsewhere.\" Massamba replied politely but with a dangerous voice. \"In Brazzaville perhaps.\" \"I have not come here to scold you but...\" Ibaka said a little intimidated, he knew the reputation Massamba had and what he did to those who crossed him. He reduced his tone. \"I'm just saying that for future negotiation...\" \"Negotiations are your problem.\" Massamba said. \"Did you want anything else?\" \"We have asked the UN for any information they have on the ship.\" Ibaka replied this time almost submissively, that was the effect Massamba had on people, even the fiercest warrior ended up like scared children before him and tried to avoid angering him and Jean Ibaka wasn't even a warrior. \"They would also like to know if you'd let a team of our own scientists in.\" \"My men are searching our temple right now.\" Massamba said referring to the ship. \"Once they are done I will consider your request\" He added lying. \"Anything else?\" \"N-No\" Ibaka stuttered in response. \"Then I am about to begin my meditation\" Massamba said. \"Please leave.\" The young government official just nodded and retreated from the room as quickly as he could. Massamba smirked, those fools in the government thought he would let them do as they pleased with the ship, their temple, the weapon given to them by god to purge in his name. Soon he would dispose of those fools with Ibaka being the first and then he would lead his people to join the cohorts of divine messengers and purge this filthy universe alongside them. (((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) Let's see \"Guest\" to reply to which has not been replied in this chapter. The Princess and whole resistance are interested on the humans not only because it's their first contact but because they are the only species to ever defeat a \"Harvester Queen\" and the princess more so because as I wrote she is young. About the Greys I'm not quite sure what you are referring too, please put it in another review so I can reply accordingly. (Very sorry about that) To the rest of the readers I encourage you to review ask and recommend whatever you want I'll try to answer your questions and I'll surely take your reviews into consideration.[Chapter 5] Hey Dark Cronos here, I'm sorry for the delay and I know I promised you a double chapter this week but the second one is coming alone slower than expected. It should be ready between today and tuesday but I saw no reason to keep delaying the publication of this one. As always thank you for reading following or favoriting the story your support means a lot to me please continue to do so in the future, and thanks to the one reader who reviewed this time. The character you recommended will definitely appear although with a different history. LD: I do not own ID4 nor it's sequel or the expanded universe. Enjoy! Chapter 4: It's always Calm Before the Storm Henry Wang was a chinese man from Hong Kong on his late sixties who seemed like a normal man, almost always dressed as a stereotypical university professor and a man who didn't color his greying hair as if he was ashamed of his age. However the MIT graduate and Doctor was a rare kind of scientist, the one that had managed to give his all for science who also was a strong believer, having been raised as a catholic christian by his family, he was able to take parts of the bible and scientific and history. That was perhaps what made him a perfect target when he lost his family during the war of 1996. Yes, his family, like countless other people was lost to the second contact humanity ever had with an alien species, or the first one if we don't count the Rosswell incident. His wife, his son and daughters had been lost during the attack on Hong Kong which he surprised as he was on a bunker collaborating with other scientists with the Government to defeat the alien threat. After the war was over he tried everything, submerging himself in work and giving in alcoholism as he put the blame on a higher power. It was three years into this certainly self-destructing path when he met Massamba who in just a month, saved him, gave him purpose and revealed to him that his family's cruel demise had been God's will and the aliens were his messengers destined to bring the whole humanity to his celestial kingdom while purging the evil and the heretics. Therefore he should not mourn the passing of his family for surely they were alive in heaven waiting for them to join them, but not before he helped Samuel Massamba with his sacred mission of purifying this corrupt world. That was what, a month ago, brought Henry and several good faithful scientists to the African territory formerly known as the République Nationale d'Umbutu where Samuel Massamba and his forces set their camp to try and repair one of the few intact Alien ships or Temples like Henry and the rest of the congregation knew them. And the month of hard work seemed to be paying off as Henry and all his colleagues were sure they could have it operational again soon taking into account that most of humanity's current technology came from the Aliens. As he and another scientist worked on what seemed to be the Bridge of the ship, Henry felt a pair of eyes observing him from behind. Turning around he saw his leader, saviour and, as far as he was concerned, friend, Samuel Massamba, who observed the scientist work in silence with a small smile. \"Your excellency\" He greeted as he bowed to the High Priest. \"Henry\" Massamba returned the greeting. \"How is our holy work progressing?\" He asked with his impatience perfectly hidden.\" \"It's working according to plan and ahead of schedule.\" Henry replied as he left his work to the other scientist and approached Massamba. \"The ship is not as badly damaged as we thought before coming in, it could be done from two weeks to a month.\" \"Good\" Massamba said smiling at the scientist. \"Because let me tell you brother I'm getting tired of dealing and delaying the Congolese government even if they are useful for dealing with the UN and the ESD and using their hostages as leverage to prevent our enemy from taking action.\" \"Brazzaville will be our first objective then\" Henry commented nonchalantly as if they were talking what they were going to eat that day. \"Patience my brother. They will all be purged.\" Massamba said. \"However I trust you have found a way to act on our own before responding to the calls of the gods.\" The scientist nodded understanding what Massamba was asking despite it would not have made any sense to any other scientist. \"We can block temporarily the call from the nearest Harvester Queen. At least temporarily, Although we can't be sure of how long yet.\" He explained. \"Well, I guess we can always return with the God's messengers to Purge those who escape us this time\" Massamba said as he turned away from Henry. \"It's time for my prayers I will be going now.\" He said as he retreated prompting Henry to return to his work. ((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) Princess Miradine walked along the halls of the ESD's HQ together with the robot-like alien, or as he was now known also by the humans, Tyrion, the science officer on the alien ship, and an Aridian, one of the few alien races of the Confederation who could not survive for long on any atmosphere that wasn't that of his now destroyed planet. None of the other member races of the Confederation knew what he or any member of his species looked like, although on their safe planet there was an mini-ecosystem facilitated by the Prophet and banned to the rest of the Confederation races where they moved around without their life supporting suits. Both of them were seeking Zarhok who had gone to a meeting with the human leaders to discuss for what seemed the thousandth time the situation of the fallen Swarm ship on the continent the Humans called Africa. While the Confederation forces weren't really strangers to slow decision making but the Humans seemed too slow in dealing with what seemed to be a crisis. Normally the Confederation would have dealt with it within a week at most. Plus the situation in Africa was distracting the humans from what was really important. Ever since they had been cooperating things seemed terribly slow. So the only thing they had done was train with the humans in basic forms on combat to study them and see what each, the resistance or the humans, lacked so it could improved, Miradine had to recognize that despite being a somewhat primitive race their Forms of fightings were rather effective. However by this point a human, a high ranking human should have been sent to the Resistance's planet to work as an embassador to the Confederation or so the Miradine and the rest of the Confederation aliens had thought. They also had hoped to begin working to send some technicians to help with the development of new weapons and new devices for the fight against the Swarm as well as helping with the improvement of the ESD's current arsenals and materials which they had started with the information the Prophet had provided for them. But Johnson, the human leader, had refused to send anyone to the Resistance Planet or allow their technicians access to their bases as well until the situation on Earth had stabilized. It had frustrated Zarhok and Miradine to see that this rebellion, was being made out to be something more than it really was. Most of the races had had this kinds of beings who sanctified the Swarm like Miradine had told the humans but so far none of them had stopped doing other things or their collaboration with the Confederation to deal with such an affair. In fact in some cases when a Race entered the Confederation, internal troubles of each species were normally solved by the Confederation of Intergalactic species as a whole. The humans however seemed intent on dealing with this themselves although allowing Zarhok to advise them on their plans. \"I can't believe we are letting those bastards do whatever they want just because the bureaucrats think they are making progress through the Diplomatic channels.\" Sounded a male voice from one of the rooms near the main control room of the base pulling Miradine out of her thoughts. The voice sounded seemed familiar, if she recalled correctly it belonged to Captain Dylan Dubrow-Hiller a pilot of the ESD. \"Calm down Dylan\" Sounded the voice of a female pilot, Patricia Whitmore, if the princess recalled correctly. Miradine headed for the room where the voices were coming from as Tyrion observed her before taking her by the arm. \"We need to find General Zarhok and go back to the ship, the Council is expecting a report on the situation here.\" Tyrion said. Miradine was about to reply but she knew he was right, she was letting her curiosity get the better of her. But she had barely interacted with other personnel from the base that weren't the higher ups and the few times she hadn't learnt much about the humans, which made them more and more interesting as time went by. Pushing those thoughts aside she was about to follow Tyrion out when she heard Zarhok's voice responding to the pilots conversation. \"Your frustration is understandable Captain.\" He seemed to be telling Dylan. \"But a confrontation with your superior is not a way to prove that point. General Mitchell has also been pushing for immediate actions against this fanatics.\" \"That's not the only thing that frustrates me General.\" Dylan replied with a respectful voice. \"Before this insurgence in Africa began the UN was pushing us to begin preparations for our counterattack against the Swarm. Now this situation seems to have slowed those plans down even more because it is another open front. And while we are losing time only god knows if they are preparing for a third attack.\" \"If you truly ended one of their Harvester Queens, I doubt they'll strike back too soon, ever since their war against the Prophet's race no one had ever felled one of those.\" Miradine spoke as she entered the room with Tyrion. Besides the people she had heard from the hall she saw the rest of \"Legendary\" Squadron was also on the room. The human's chief scientist, Dr Okun was also there. Miradine looked at Zarhok ignoring the confused looks from the rest. \"I'm sorry for interrupting but the Council is awaiting a report.\" \"We are also waiting.\" Charlie spoke before Zarhok replied. \"It seems those damn rebels are up to no good.\" Now it was Miradine's and Tyrion's turn to be confused. \"It seems the humans suspects their rebels are trying to activate the Swarm's City Destroyer.\" \"What?\" Tyrion asked. \"How did those savages get the hands on the technology to do so.\" \"I'm afraid they brought help. Out Intelligence services, by that I mean from UN members, have noticed several disappeared scientists on the camp and it seems they are working on the ship.\" Okun told his alien colleague. \"With their technical experience taking, they seem to think it would be possible for them to do so\" Jake said. \"And why are you all here if they are discussing such important things?\" The Princess asked. \"We weren't initially invited to the meeting you see.\" Jake said like a child confessing what he had done wrong. \"At first we were just passing by but then Charlie had to get us caught when we were eavesdropping. And for some reason instead of apologizing we pissed the Higher Ups even more. \"You mean Dylan pissed the Higher Ups, namely Johnson and Mitchell.\" Charlie corrected him and Rain slapped the back of his head. \"What? If I get to be blamed Dylan gets to be too.\" He said as his wingmate and girlfriend rolled her eyes. \"And what are you doing here General?\" Miradine asked curiously. \"Well we are kind of keeping Dylan and Mitchell separated at the moment.\" Zarhok said. \"It seems in this species they don't duel to solve their disputes like we Orwegians do.\" \"Not anymore at least\" Said David as he enter the room from another door in front of the one Miradine and Tyrion had enteredn through. \"Thank you General for offering to babysit.\" David joked. \"Not a problem.\" Zarhok said. \"It's not like General Mitchell or your Leader were heeding my advice anyway. Plus I like being around impetous people, I wouldn't have minded fighting with the boy if he had not calmed down a little.\" Director Levinson laughed a little unsure if it was meant to be a joke or not, which Miradine knew it wasn't. The thought made her roll her eyes at her superior as David spoke again. \"Dylan\" he said turning to the pilot as he spoke. \"You are lucky Mitchell and the Secretary General didn't strip you of your rank and threw you in a cell.\" \"Director you can't possibly agree with this course of action.\" Okun countered. \"For one month we've been trying to reason with fanatics who might have an operative alien City Destroyer in the near future.\" \"I don't like it any more than you Okun, but getting angry and confronting your superiors in such a way doesn't bring solutions. It brings more trouble.\" David said with a tone a of finality. \"That being said I might have some good news for you all. It has been decided that we should be prepared to intervene against this insurgents. And you've been assigned to spearhead the possible assault. You will be sent to an ESD's airbase in Spain and await instructions there.\" \"Do you actually mean to tell us that the Captain's tantrum worked\" Charlie said in an incredulous voice making Jake chuckle. Now that they knew the Dylan was out of danger of being punished they seemed to want to tease him a bit although the timing was a bit off in Miradine's opinion. She looked at Dylan, he seemed less angry and frustrated than before although there were still traces of those emotions in his features which now seemed more martial and professional \"But why Spain?\" Patricia said. \"With our fighters it is possible to arrive in Africa in a short time if they eventually reactivate the ship\" \"I suppose General Mitchell would want to put an ocean between him and Dylan for a while.\" Rain said and Charlie chuckled with a small nod. \"Actually it has been my idea.\" David replied. \"Despite being a supporter of not acting to rashly like General Zarhok said when we first learnt of this situation. Things have taken a turn for the worst. Those Fanatics have grown more dangerous and we still haven't evacuated Umbutu and the rest from the refugee camp, I would rather have you close to the scene in case you are needed there and Spain has one of our closest bases both in the Canary Islands and Andalusia. Also you'll meet an old friend of mine there, the Leader of Scorpion Squadron who along many Fighter squadrons Europe will be supporting you in case of an operation.\" \"When do we depart?\" Dylan finally spoke again. \"Tomorrow afternoon.\" David replied. \"Be sure to be ready.\" He said as he moved to exit the room. \"It seems the most suitable solution has been found.\" Tyrion spoke after everyone spent a moment in silence, and the rest of the beings in the room nodded in agreement, then Zarhok looked at Miradine and Tyrion. \"By the way what are you two doing here?\" He asked. It annoyed Miradine sometimes how her superior could forget some things if something more interesting grabbed his attention. \"You were supposed to give a report to the Council today.\" She reminded him without hiding her annoyance while Patricia and Rain looked at her sympathetically as if they too often found themselves in similar situation with the male members of their squadron. Meanwhile the General took a moment to curse in his native language and rushed out of the room with Tyrion following close behind. \"Good luck on your mission.\" Miradine said before leaving to which the human pilots nodded. She observed their leader for a few seconds as he remained silent and unmoving, deep in thought making Miradine wonder what he was thinking. \"Some humans are really interesting\" Miradine muttered to herself before after she left the room and went to follow her companions. (((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) Colonel Rodrigo Quesada, a bulky brown haired and eyed man, his skin whiter than the tanned people andalusian people often had dressed with a simple t-shirt of the Spanish Air Force and some jeans despite being on his late forties, observed the horizon as the sun was setting over the beautiful city of Seville from one of the bridges over the Guadalquivir river. Being a military pilot rarely gave him the chance to rest or do tourism around the cities of Spain or Europe, especially since the war of 1996 after which he joined the ESD in which some of the most of the iconic cities had been burnt to the ground, so he treasured moments like this one very much. It had taken him three months since he was assigned to Moron Base to finally get the time to explore the city and the man was determined to make the most of it. Then as if to mock him his mobile phone began to ring. Sighing the man picked up. \"Quesada\" He said courtly as he waited for the man or woman on the other line to reply, he didn't really bothered to check who was calling. \"Rodrigo?\" Sounded the voice of an American man Rodrigo instantly recognized as an old friend of his and the Director of the ESD, David Levinson. \"David?\" Rodrigo said letting out a happy laugh. \"To what do I owe the pleasure of you calling me. Are you finally marrying that beautiful french girlfriend you got yourself during the last war?\" He asked teasingly. \"I'm afraid that's not it.\" David said in a somewhat tired voice. Rodrigo knew this call was, unsurprisingly just for bussiness. \"What is it?\" He asked, his voice now professional. \"Tomorrow night, \"Legendary Squadron\" will be joining you at your base.\" David informed him. \"So they've finally decided to put an end to the ridiculous situation in Africa. I've heard these fanatics are about to get themselves a new toy.\" Rodrigo joked. \"They've decided to prepare some countermeasures.\" David said. \"They hope, or at least Johnson, he won't have to order an attack. He believes his negotiations with Congo will be successful and that the Congolese government will retake the ship for us.\" \"I still can't believe he was once a military man.\" Rodrigo said. \"He is a bureaucrat through and through.\" David chuckled at the other side of the line. \"I think Mitchell's thinking the same thing. Although I think matters would be much worse if left only in his hands.\" There was a certain underlying hostility on David's tone and it didn't escape Rodrigo. \"Wow he must be a jerk if even you lose your patience with the guy.\" He teased his friend. \"He ended my patience shortly after coming to the HQ\" David explained without hiding his hostility for the General making Rodrigo chuckle. \"I think you should have a therapy season with your girlfriend David.\" He joked. \"It won't do you any good to make Mitchell your enemy.\" The last sentence was as much of a warning as it was a joke. \"It won't do me any good to do therapy either since Catherine also hates him, he has been pressuring her to continue with her research and has been on her like hawk over the past month. I think the only ones who don't hate him yet are the aliens, that being said I don't think they like him either.\" David replied. \"We are going off topic.\" \"Yeah\" Rodrigo said. \"But it's rare for you to call me these days so I just wanted to know how you were doing.\" \"You wanted to pick on me.\" David said. \"That's a bonus\" Rodrigo replied and both men shared a laugh. \"Anyway I will be expecting \"Legendary Squadron\" tomorrow.\" \"I should be going now.\" David said. \"I have a meeting\" \"What happened to the David that used to skip work to go on little adventures?\" Rodrigo teased his friend one last time. \"You know those weren't adventures but actual scientific research right?\" David replied. \"Call me tomorrow when Dylan and the rest arrive.\" \"Will do.\" Rodrigo said as David ended the call. Putting his cell phone on his pocket the spanish colonel observed the sunset a second moment and walked away in search of a taxi that would take him back to the base. ((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) The flight from Area 51 to Morón Air Base in Spain was relatively calm. Besides the usual chatter and banter between the wingmates communications with HQ were few and far between in the four hour flight. Dylan was glad for that, since General Mitchell had wanted to be the one monitoring their travel as if he thought they were going to go with their Fighters elsewere, like for example attacking the enemy camp without permission. The thought had occurred to Dylan that very same night, the risks and dangers of the mission as well as the possible repercussions not only on himself but on the Hostages, Dylan saw no point in calling them otherwise, and the ESD as a whole made it not worth thinking about twice. \"Dylan\" Patricia's voice snapped him out of his thoughts. \"We are approaching Seville, the control tower to reach you.\" As it turned out it was true, the voice of a control tower operator from the base spoke shortly after. \"Legendary Squadron this is Morón Air Base we have on our radar you are about to enter the air space over Seville please correct your course.\" \"Morón Air Base this is Legendary Squadron\" Dylan replied. \"Copy that.\" As he said that he and his wingmates changed their course, while the base was near the city, no aircraft were allowed to fly over cities, in the military's case unless it was to escort a plane that'd gone off route. After two minutes maneuvering Dylan saw the runway of the base as the operator's voice sounded again.\" \"Legendary SquadronColonel Quesada and Scorpion Squadron wait for you at Hangar Number 5.\" The operator said. \"Roger that\" Dylan said as he and his squadron proceeded to land their plane's VTOL capabilities near the designated hangar. Many members of the ground crew approached the plane and helped them get off beginnign mainteinance on the H-8s immediately. The Legendary Squadron members joined one another on the ground. \"That went well\" Charlie said. \"You say that almost everytime we land lately\" Jake said chuckling. \"After our experience last year I can't but compare every flight with that one.\" He said and Jake nodded knowingly as Patricia and Rain rolled their eyes as Jake slapped the back of Charlie's head making his friend protest as he rubbed it throwing him an annoyed look. Dylan didn't pay much attention to his wingmates as he spotted a group of peoplewho he assumed to be the Scorpion Squadron members near the hangar and approached them with the rest following shortly after. Dylan saluted the oldest man in the group who he supposed was David's friend and the leader of the Scorpion Squadron. Saluting the man with his wingmates doing so shortly after and prompting the same response from the members of said Squadron. The group was certainly diverse and eerily similar on it's composition to the Legendary squadron although most of them seemed except for one, three white people, two men and a woman, an asian woman, the only member on her twenties, and an african man bulky man who seemed to be second in age only to his commanding officer. \"I'm captain Dylan Dubrow-Hiller, leader of Legendary Squadron.\" He introduced himself as he offered his hand to the Colonel. Ending the salute the Colonel too his hand shook it. \"Colonel Rodrigo Quesada, leader of Scorpion Squadron and commanding officer of Morón Air Base.\" He said in a professional and serious voice. \"I've heard you've given some trouble to your previous commanding officer.\" The man added in a serious voice. \"I won't stand for insubordination, I want to be very clear on that.\" Dylan flinched as he heard this. Throughout all his life on the ESD he had been known for a hardworking and disciplined officer, but now it seemed his disagreement with General Mitchell had tarnished his reputation. However the sensation was shortlived as one of the other members of the Squadron, intervened. He had brown hair and eyes with military haircut and and a well built and not too exagerated complexion, he was white and on his early thirties at most. \"Don't tease him too much colonel\" He spoke in a respectful yet amused tone as he smirked, a expression the rest of his squadron seemed to share. Dylan looked at him for a moment, it seemed he was american too. He however looked back at Rodrigo as the man let out a laugh and smiled and Dylan. \"I'm sorry Captain I just couldn't resist but to make a little joke\" He said with a friendly smile now. \"But it seems Lieutenant Casse likes to spoil other people's fun.\" He added as he looked at his subordinate. \"Welcome to Spain Captain and members of Legendary Squadron\" He added looking back at him. Dylan looked back at his wingmates who seemed amused by the superior officer's antics, he then smiled at the man. \"Good to be here sir.\" He replied as he thought that he could get used to working under such a superior in such a seemingly calm and nice place. However as they followed the other squadron to the debriefing room for an introductory meeting he pushed the thoughts aside, he couldn't enjoy himself too much, he had been sent there for a reason, to intervene as soon as the Insurgents made their move for he felt it, he felt that the period of waiting was about to end. For now it was calm but it was always calm before the storm.[Chapter 6] Hey Dark Cronos here. I'm back after a long pause from writing since I've being busy with, well everything, the end of September and most of October. Don't worry I've been working on this story a little and I've got a few chapters done so I should be able to update weekly now. If I recall correctly I owe you two chapters which I never update it. That's why both will be up this week and the next one I'll just update one. Hope you enjoy reading. Also thank you to those of you who reviewed and even those who offered support, I was glad whenever there was some review or even private messages. I will take your thoughts and ideas into consideration. LD: I do not own Independence Day. Chapter 5: The Battle of Africa (part 1) Jake had to admit that the two weeks Legendary Squadron had spent in Spain so far hadn't been bad at all, the routine hadn't been all that different from that they had back in HQ before the arrival of the aliens, they had a good superior officer and their colleagues of Scorpion Squadron were very nice and likeable as well as really good pilots. From what he'd heard from one of the ground crew of the base, Scorpion squadron, which had been formed by members handpicked by Colonel Quesada a three years ago had played a major part in in the defense of the Iberian Peninsula's west coast during the war of 2016. It also seemed that the Colonel had even before that fought against the aliens over the skies of Barcelona during the war of 1996. Both battles had ended with huge civillian and military losses but the fact the Colonel in '96 and the whole squadron in 2016 had managed to distinguish themselves by taking down many alien Fighters and even an alien city destroyer before the enemy's retreat was praise worthy. He looked at Dylan as the leader of the Legendary Squadron passed by his side without stopping to talk as he was on the way to the hangar. His friend had been somewhat alert ever since they had arrived at the base. The nervousness of not doing anything about the crazy extremists in Africa that he had felt all throughout the month the ESD had done almost nothing while waiting on the UN's negotiations to succeed or fail. Meanwhile the rest of the squadron had benefitted from their stay in Spain so far, Colonel Quesada was a kind yet strict military leader who wasn't above praising when someone did something right, scold when someone did something wrong and relax and socialize with his subordinates when the situation called for it. He was definitely a good leader and every member of \"Legendary Squadron\" could see how he and and Director Levinson were good friends. \"Hey\" a male voice pulled Dylan out of his thoughts. Looking at the direction he saw Captain Casse and Major Gómez, the Equatorial Guinea man who was the second in command of \"Scorpion Squadron\". Jake saluted both men and they both returned the salute both grinning at their junior colleague. Captain Troy Casse was a good natured man who was always joking and had done the most to help the members of Legendary and Scorpion squadrons socialize and get along both on the ground and on the air with a certain degree of success. He was the son of the man who had been known to be the last casualty of the war of '96 who had sacrificed himself for the sale of the alien's defeat and had considered it his duty to follow on his father's footsteps and become a pilot. Major Gómez had been born in 1975 on the former Spanish colony of Equatorial Guinea, however when he was just a baby his parents had taken him to Spain where the family had set their new home. He had lost two brothers during the war of '96 and a nephew during the war '16 however he was kind and funloving, as far as Jake could tell, while also being professional and extremely devoted to his job and the colonel as they had been flying together for so many years, since the battle of Barcelona. \"We saw Dylan entering the hangar\" Troy said. \"Is he going to check his Fighter again?\" \"It seems like it\" Jake said. Ever since arriving to Morón air base, Dylan had made a habit of checking his Fighter at least twice a day, not because he didn't trust the ground crew who maintained the Fighters but because, Jake suspected, he was awaiting the order to take off. \"He'll meet the colonel then.\" Troy said with a small smile and Carlos, Major Gómez's first name, nodded with a smile of his own. \"What?\" Jake asked curiously. \"It seems the Higher Ups are up to something, some big breakthrough during the negotiations with Congo and they told the Colonel.\" Said the femenine voice of Scorpion Squadron's youngest member spoke as she approached the group with Patricia, Rain and Isabel, the other female member of Scorpion squadron, a tall brunette canarian with tanned skin and curves that mostly caught the attention of her male companions, who yearned for her but couldn't have her because she was already taken and had a family making the unknown man one of the most hated people in Morón air base. \"Hey Fujiko\" greeted Troy with a wave. \"Isa\" Fujiko Koda nodded. She was a Japanese woman who'd joined the ESD's really young, at 17 years old with special permission from his father, a former japanese embassador to Spain, and had been the genious of the ESD's European Air academy. By all accounts she was considered be destined to become one of the greatest pilots of the ESD. However she had como across a huge obstacle. A superior officer who liked to use his rank to get his female subordinates into bed with him had tried to do the same with her. It hadn't worked and apparently the superior had been sent to the hospital resulting in her almost getting expelled from the academy and not being allowed to join a flight squadron until the Colonel and Isabel, who often worked as the Colonel's assistant, found her and brought her to the Scorpion Squadron where she definitely became it's ace. \"What do you mean?\" Jake said. \"If there has been a breakthrough, doesn't that mean that we will be able to solve the situation without intervening.\" \"Our Colonel always does that when there is good news from the higher ups. He doesn't really trust them so he always checks the Fighters and makes sure personally that they are ready for take off.\" Isabel explained with a small smile. \"I wouldn't be surprised if...\" Before she finished what she was saying a voice resounded through the base. \"All pilots of the Scorpion and Legendary Squadrons are expected to be present at the hangar within five minutes.\" A voice said. \"That happened\" Isabel finished her sentence with a chuckle as the eight pilots rushed towards the hangar where they found Dylan speaking with the colonel. The Captain of Legendary Squadron was nodding in agreement to something the colonel was saying. When they arrived the eight pilots saluted and stood at attention awaiting their orders. \"At ease\" Rodrigo finally said as he looked at them and returned the salute. \"I'm sure some if not all of you know, the UN has struck a deal with the Congolese government to evacuate our personnel, and I'm including mr Umbutu and his in this category, from the UN refugee camp and to allow access to the ship again, taking it from insurgent hands of course. So to celebrate, Captain Dubrow-Hiller and I would like to make a celebratory flight in honor of this historic achievement.\" No one asked nothing, they all knew what he was saying. The agreement with the Congolese government had been reached and the Congolese government was sure to honor it. But the ship was in the hands of the rebels and even though the ship shouldn't be ready to work again yet, if by any chance the rebels resisted until it was or if by some miracle it already was they would have to be ready. Plus there was always the chance they could offer support to the congolese forces in their efforts to retake the ship. \"So where to?\" Charlie asked finally voicing the thoughts of the others. The colonel smiled at them and even Dylan had a small smile on his face. \"Do the Canary Islands sound good?\" (((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) Umbutu observed as the transport planes as they began landing on the congolese air base near the refugee camp. It had been a hard one month and a half for him and his men, specially in the beginning. The UN forces and the refugee camp inhabitants weren't pleased with their presence and more than a fight, fistfights mostly, had broken out, heck he'd almost gotten in a few fistfights as well as most of his first discussions with the commander of the camp Colonel Dumas, specially when the congolese army completely surrounded the refugee camp which somewhat rightfully Dumas blamed on Umbutu and his men seeking refuge on it. However as time passed the people within the camp had seemingly reached a silent agreement. They were all in the same situation and they all had to do their best to survive said situation, as such petty fights between them were harming and unnecessary. While they never became the best of friends and they always kept their distance, Umbutu's men and the rest of the camp learned to coexist with one another, specially after Umbutu and Dumas had sternly warned their own men about continued conflict and reached an agreement themselves not to kill each other through Rosenberg's mediation, which his friend extende to all the camp working himself nearly to exhaustion making sure both sides didn't kill each other and serving as a messenger between Umbutu's men and the rest of the camp, thankfully Dumas and Umbutu developed a begrudging respect for one another and were on speaking terms and that understanding Rosenberg had helped create meant he didn't have to mediate between the two since them. \"I can't believe we are actually leaving\" Rosenberg said as he reached his side. \"Or that they are evacuating the whole camp.\" \"There are other places here in Congo and in neighbouring countries as well where they will be safe. Perhaps the government will relocate them back here when this is over.\" Umbutu absentmindedly. \"Aren't you sad you have to leave your land?\" Rosenberg replied. \"It is a reality I'd come to terms with long ago. Ever since I was a child I always knew that the government, other rebels or the aliens could take our lands and kill us. God knows the aliens tried so far for many years.\" Umbutu said. \"La République Nationale d'Umbutu was my father's dream. For me it was the only reality I knew but deep down I always yearned for moreespecially after he sent me to study abroad.\" He smiled at the shocked expression Rosenberg had at this new information about him studying abroad. \"Perhaps that's why I joined you on your adventure last year, and the cooperating in an intergalactic fight against the aliens isn't a bad adventure either.\" \"I was never an adventurous type back then.\" Rosenberg said as he smiled himself as he got over the shock. Umbutu laughed heartily at that. \"Yes you were.\" He said as he slapped his friend's back. \"You had an adventurer and a warrior inside you your whole life you only had to find them.\" \"Talking about heroes, the colonel asked me to give you his regards.\" Rosenberg said and Umbutu looked around. He hadn't realized it but there were not UN soldiers around, there were only a few congolese soldiers around, from the ground crew and the military police, each doing their assigned jobs, guiding the planes and controlling the refugees. \"Where is he?\" Umbutu asked and Rosenberg sighed. \"The secretary general wants all able hands to help with the recuperation of the alien ship.\" He informed him. \"Dumas and his men have been ordered to back the congolese forces.\" \"I see\" Umbutu said. \"Perhaps we should stay too. I want to pay Massamba and his people for what they've done.\" \"We are just getting out and you want to get back to that hell?\" Rosenberg asked in an incredulous voice. \"We are ESD personnel.\" Umbutu smiled. He wanted to thank Okun for his urging of the United Nations, David and the new ESD's general Mitchell to incorporate Umbutu and his men as ESD personnel. Without mentioning their past services he had argued they would be huge assets in the future and they just couldn't leave them in the hands of the congolese and it had worked. Umbutu and his men had been made an official unit of the ESD's military in a rather unorthodox manner with Umbutu being made major. \"Umbutu\" Rosenberg warned but before he could finish his friends was heading towards the rest of his men to give instruction. Sighing Rosenberg followed suit as his inner warrior urged him forward. (((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) Samuel Massamba had not obtained the pleasure he thought he would out of killing Mr Ibaka. The young congolese bureaucrat had come to tell him of the decision of the congolese government to liberate Umbutu and the refugees. The encirclement of the refugee camp had been left only to the congolese military after, a decision Massamba was regretting now but at the time seemed logical at the time since he needed his men for other things and he hadn't thought twice about then. However the Congolese were letting the first targets he had selected for purification escape, especially Umbutu who was an heretic who'd murdered hundreds of god's messengers, that was worth the death penalty he had executed on the young bureaucrat, who besides had had the nerve to ask him to stand down and cede the control over the ship to the government. That had been what had truly eliminated any doubts he might have had over eliminating him and let him shoot the bureaucrat without remorse several times on the chest and head and leave her dead corpse on the ground of Umbutu's presidential office However as soon as he was finished the sounds of gunfire began sounding on the edges of the camps and his men found himself fighting a defensive battle against the Congolese military. Massamba growled, the ship was almost done, they couldn't afford to lose before they could use it. Everything seemed to be futile though as his men fell easily to the Military's superior fire power and soon he found himself leading his men in a desperate retreat towards the ship as he fought off both the congolese military and the UN forces. As hours passed and more of his men fell, Massamba realized that their only option was to fortify themselves inside the Ship, and hope to god and his messenger that Henry and his scientists could get it to take off somehow. Relaying the orders to his commanders he ordered the men inside the ship to allow them inside. All his subordinates obeyed and a few minutes laters he and his remaining men found themselves entering the ship, forcing the Congo and UN to surround the downed ship and begin bombarding with artillery and combat helicopters, however Henry and the rest of the scientist weren't ones to fail Massamba and had managed to get the ship's shields up and running so the artillery shells and missiles from the helicopters impacter harmlessly on the ship. Massamba moved towards the bridge of the ship as his men found a place to camp and tend to their wounded. Samuel had been on the ship many times but it was only now that he was in a hurry that he realized how huge it was, although not as huge as the Harvester Queen's mothership. Pushing those thoughts aside he increased his speed there was no time to do some tourism around the ship. He had to get to the bridge and talk with the scientists, they should hurry with the preparation, the ship had to take off as soon as possible and get out of the planet, the purging of this impious planet would have to wait until they returned hopefully with a fleet of God's messengers. After ten minutes of walking and planning at least seven contingency plans now that their main plan had been spoilt he arrived at the bridge of the ship where Henry and the rest of the scientist moved around nervously performing different tasks. \"Henry\" Massamba called Wong who turned to see his leader. \"Can this ship get off planet?\" \"Theoretically yes, but there are many things left to do before take off.\" Henry replied. Massamba growled. \"Brother this planet is no longer safe.\" He said. \"We must take off now and go meet God's messengers. If this ship can take off we will take off, you will have to do the rest of the reparations during on route to our destination.\" \"That's incredibly dangerous. We could die!\" Henry protested and Massamba pulled out his gun. \"Either we take off now or I begin killing scientists!\" Massamba screamed a hint of insanity on his voice as he grinned disturbingly. \"Your choice\" He added as he pointed his gun at another scientist, a young taiwanese woman called Li Na, who'd been Henry's protegée for a while. \"Alright!\" Henry said. \"Alright we'll take off. But I'll need at least a day to make sure it won't explode upon take off.\" He explained and Massamba smiled at the scietist lowering his weapon. \"That was what I wanted to hear.\" Massamba said. (((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) David observed the screens of the ESD's control room where the faces of Umbutu, Rosenberg, a UN colonel named Dumas and the Congolese commander in charge of the operation to take back the ship, Alexander Youlou, a bulky young african man who didn't seem to be over thirty yet his look was that of a seasoned veteran fighter. David looked at General Mitchell who was standing at his side. Of course the first comment was to blame or point out another person's mistake. \"Mr. Umbutu, Mr. Rosenberg why are you still in Congo?\" He asked \"Do you know how hard it was to let the congolese government to take you out.\" \"I couldn't leave here without paying Massamba back for the treatment he gave my men and I General. The scientists have been loaded onto the planes with the information they got from the ship and are heading towards your HQ right now.\" Umbutu replied without paying much attention to the General's look. \"My men and I are as of now members of the ESD and if I'm not mistaking the Secretary General has ordered all forces under the UN to aid the congolese forces in taking control of the ship.\" David forced himself to suppress a smirk and as far as he could both Rosenberg and commander Dumas were doing the same. Everything Umbutu had said was technically true so General Mitchell couldn't really argue with him. Clearing his throat to hide his irritation at Umbutu's remarks the General looked at Colonel Dumas. \"How is the battle proceding Colonel?\" He asked the french man who immediately hid his previous expression under a mask of professionality. \"Our forces have gained much ground during our initial assault.\" Dumas reported. \"The enemy has fallen back towards the ship and had fortified themselves there. We are proceeding to bomb it with artillery and combat helicopters but they seem to have the ship's shields up. We are not doing anything to it yet.\" \"My government is willing to deploy more men and firepower to the assault but they won't arrive until tomorrow morning.\" Major Youlou added and Mitchell nodded. \"Do you think you will be able to breach it then?\" Mitchell said. \"We know the enemy is trying to get the ship airborne, we must avoid that at all costs.\" \"Perhaps not\" David interjected and everyone looked at him waiting for him to elaborate on his statement. \"I believe it would be good if the insurgents get the ship airborne. It would work to our advantage in this case.\" \"Could you please stop being so cryptic and explain yourself already Director Levinson?\" Mitchell asked irritated. \"What the director wants to say\" Sounded Okun's voice as he entered the room followed by the Prophet, which had had repaired it's self propulsion sistems by the aliens and now floated around to move around the base pretty much independently. \"Is that if the ship takes off, they will have to reroute much of the power that they are using for the shields right now towards the rest of the systems. And if our calculations are correct the ship will be most vulnerable there as the ship is not fully repaired anyway.\" David nodded with a small smile of his own while General Mitchell glared at Okun and the Prophet. \"How did you know what we were talking about?\" the General asked but both of them ignored them and the rest didn't seem to mind as much. \"So we have to let it take off.\" Colonel Dumas said. \"Should we stop our assault then?\" \"No\" David replied. \"Keep it up until you see it take off, we don't want Massamba to suspect we are planning anything else.\" \"Shall I tell my government to bring AA artillery and guns then?\" Youlou asked and David nodded. \"That's probably a good idea but I believe we will also need the intervention of some H-8s if we want our plan to be successful.\" He looked at one of the Control room's operators. \"Get me Colonel Quesada\" He ordered and the young woman nodded. \"What are you doing director?\" The General asked, clearly displeased that David was undermining his authority but David did not care. The General was the Military leader of the ESD but David was it's equal, or even his superior, he was the director. This thought surprised him, when president Adams was the ESD's general in charge, David had never thought like this even when he didn't agree with him. He realized that in the end most of the time he trusted General Adams and his decisions and even understood why he did what he did when he was wrong, for example when he ordered the Prophet's ship down. However as of now he couldn't trust Mitchell's decisions, despite knowing he was a good military man, or at least he had been during the war of '96. \"I'm solving the problem General.\" He replied ignoring the glare Mitchell threw him \"Director, the people from Morón Air Base have told me that both Legendary and Scorpion Squadrons have departed for Gando Air Base on the Canary Islands, earlier today.\" The operator informed them. David smiled seeing that Rodrigo had already foreseen this situation and Mitchell seemed outraged. \"Under whose orders!?\" Mitchell asked furiously. \"Contact Gando Air Base.\" David simply ordered and the operator got to it ignoring General Mitchell's constant protests while the officers on the screen observed the general with mix of pity and disdain that they hid immediately when he looked back at them and then glared at David again. \"The Secretary General will know about this.\" He said before storming off. Just as he did one previously turned off screen turned off and Rodrigo appeared on screen. \"Gentlemen, to what do I owe the pleasure of your call\" he greeted all of them. \"Could it be that you require my assistance?\" \"Stop fooling around.\" David told his friend sternly as he hid a small smile. \"We will need Scorpion and Legendary squadrons tomorrow, probably as soon as sunrise in Europe.\" Rodrigo nodded without dropping his smile. \"Let me guess, the rebels have not been as obedient as the Secretary General and the Congolese government thought.\" Rodrigo said \"We are currently besieging the ship but they have managed to put the shields up and we doubt that we could breach it.\" Dumas spoke. \"We could really use your help colonel.\" \"So what's the plan?\" Rodrigo said with a more professional air. \"Director Levinson believes that the ship will be more vulnerable after it takes off.\" Commander Youlou explained. \"We would need you and your men's help then to take it down.\" \"I see, I do have one question.\" Rodrigo said, after seemingly think about what the congolese had said. \"Does the ship have it's weapon's systems active?\" \"They are not using their weapons, they have taken a defensive stance\" Rosenberg informed him. \"We don't really know if they are inactive or that the enemy doesn't know how to use them\" \"I see\" Rodrigo said and he looked at David directly. \"How many Fighters will be supporting this operation?\" \"I think your Scorpion Squadron and Dylan's Legendary Squadron will be enough to deal with this. You will have the support fro the ground forces and the helicopters\" David replied and Rodrigo made a face of displeasure \"So our support ends at twelve thousand feet at most if we don't take into account the helis which would be our support which is probably not enough support to take it down huh?\" Rodrigo said. \"Let's hope we can take it down before then.\" \"I had heard that Scorpion and Legendary Squadron were some of the best squadrons the ESD had to offer\" Youlou spoke again. \"Why are you this scared?\" Rodrigo looked at the screen where he was also seeing Youlou. \"Major do you know how I've been able to survive this long in this Profession?\" He asked and Major Youlou shook his head. \"By being reckless when I have to be reckless but never fully abandoning all caution. Even the weakest enemies can give you very nasty surprises and these insurgents aren't weak by any definition of the word.\" Rodrigo explained. \"The Legendary and Scorpion Squadrons might be good or as you said some of the best but even the best squadrons fall sometimes.\" Youlou went silent, clearly ashamed of having practically called Rodrigo a coward and nodded silently. Rodrigo smiled at the man reassuring him that he wasn't angry. He then looked at David. \"Do you want us to fly to Congo now?\" David shook his head. \"It won't be necessary yet. With the H-8's speed you will be able to arrive at the scene in no time. Although it will be necessary that you all report to me or general Mitchell as soon as it seems the enemy is prepared to take off.\" All the military officers nodded and David smiled. \"Ok I'll better let you go now then\" he said and cut the connection with them. \"It's amazing that even after that childish tantrum you think that Mitchell will cooperate with the operation.\" Okun said and David smiled at his colleague. \"He will, he is the ESD's highest ranking military officer and he takes his job seriously.\" David replied as rubbed both sides of his head. \"My head hurts\" \"I expect it will much more stronger headache tomorrow if Mitchell continues to behave like he has until now during the night.\" Okun said chuckling and David groaned. \"By the way Catherine promised me a good dinner tonight, when are you leaving so that we can go together.\" It was David's turn to chuckle then. Ever since realizing that Okun couldn't be trusted to take care of himself, Catherine had made it her mission to make sure he had a good dinner every night and even sleep sometimes. But as he observed his clock he observed that it was barely three in the afternoon. \"It's just noon, why are you already talking about dinner?\" David asked and Okun chuckled. \"Well taking into account the operation could be as soon as early morning in Europe, I believe we won't have much sleep tonight.\" Okun said with a small smile. Since I won't be enjoying such a delicious dinner and we will both need our sleep, I believe it will be better if we organize a midafternoon dinner.\" \"Do you actually intend to be up for the operation?\" David asked. \"You know I could just tell you in the morning here.\" \"Those rebels ruined my operation in Africa to the point where the ship will probably be destroyed and all it's information lost\" Okun said. \"You bet I will be there to see the bastards fall.\" \"Alright alright. You got a point.\" David said knowing it would be futile to argue. He turned and looked at the Prophet. \"Would you mind informing the Resistance of our plans? I know we've worried them with this situation and it would be good to let them know they will finally have our full cooperation.\" \"I will Doctor Levinson\" The alien sphere replied as it exited the room.[Chapter 7] Here is the other chapter I promised today. I hope you enjoy it. LD: I do not own Independence Day. Chapter 6: The Battle of Africa (part 2) Doctor Henry Wong worked tirelessly on the alien ship's bridge trying to get all the systems to function properly before take off. Even though the artillery shells and missiles from the helicopters impacted harmlessly on the City Destroyer which didn't mean the computer didn't the attack alarm always on as the shields were working at full power during the whole time. However Henry Wong didn't really pay much attention to all of that. Insteas in his mind there were only two things, the first one was to get the ship to work as soon as possible since he knew his life and the lives of his colleagues depended on it. The second was finding a way to escape the ship before it took off. He observed Li Na as she worked besides him, there were still traces of fear on her features and her hands were still trembling a little. It was logical, even though in the back of his head his rational self had always told him Massamba was little more than a beast and that what he intended to do was wrong, he had pushedfy those thoughts away and hand decided to follow the man in a blind way. Yes Massamba was brutal and a beast but he had never channeled that brutality towards him or the other scientists. He had treated with kindness, he'd treated them with respect and had rarely threatened them or rose his voice with them, much less almost shoot them. That had helped Henry's faith on his leader to remain strong and unwavering. That had ended now though, now he knew Massamba was not a religious leader he was a madman, a dictator who used the excuse of religion to rule his followers and some sweet talk to seduce and deceive them. Now as he observed his protegée he knew that he didn't really want to be a part of this anymore. He didn't want Massamba to meet up with God's messengers, or as he saw them again the monsters that had taken his family away from him. But he could not do anything about it he could only trust the UN would take it down, in fact he knew there were huge possibilities of the ship being blown up during take off as soon as they diverted the energy they were using for the shields to the rest if the systems. So how was he going to escape before the ship took off. Observing his protegée again he shook his head. How were they going to escape. Li Na was in that mess because of him, he had introduced her to Massamba during her student days when she had being studying in Hong Kong for a year. She was away from home, alone, young and naive, it had been easy for Massamba to convince her to work for him, using her deceased younger sister like he had used Henry's family. He definitely had to get her out of there. He went to the main computer and began observing the map of the ship, the repairs and preparations were almost complete, it would be less than two hours before the ship was ready for take off. Under the guise of checking the systems Henry looked for possible escape routes, however the harder he looked the more difficult it seemed to him. Then he smiled. He was overthinking things there wasn't a necessity for them to get off the ship before it took off. Actually after take off they had more possibilities of getting out even if it was dangerous. He looked at the map of the ship again and located a few of the escape pods and smiled. There was one near one of the ship' main reactor control room and the main reactor was most likely to fail during after take off, the works on it had been done in a rush and they would have to monitor it closely, Li Na and himself could pretend to go there to keep things under control and slip out towards the escape pods as soon as there was a chance. Yes that would work. That would most certainly work and the pods had shields of their own so the risk of one or two of them being destroyed by the UN were almost none a risk he could eliminate completely if he launched more than a pod. Then only one thing remained now, he had to make sure that the UN didn't throw them in jail or at least give them a chance not to be thrown in jail. He had to bring them something. He had heard that some scientists had been working to extract information from the ship's main computer albeit at a rather slow pace. Now that the main computer was fully functional he coul extract some more information much quicker although he wasn't sure how much although he guessed any new information they could give could easily give them a chance of surviving and being free. With this new plan in mind he looked at Li Na. \"Li Na I need a word with you\" he told her. The younger scientist nodded and began to follow him away from the rest of the scientists at the bridge. Once he was sure no one could hear them he explained his plan to her at first a little nervously but as he saw her expression change to a hopeful one he smiled. She was definitely on board with the plan, now they just had to wait. ((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) Colonel Dumas observed as the missiles impacted harmlessly against the ship again and growled. They had been attacking almost nonstop since the rebels had fortified themselves there wasting ammunition without apparent damage. He knew that the plan wasn't for them to destroy the ship but to observe it until it took off. From a military point of view the plan wasn't that bad if it wasn't for all the ammo they wasted and not exactly because Dr. Levinson who'd proposed the plan but because major Youlou's superiors, they were intent on destroying the thing before the ESD got there, Dumas supposed because they thought they could still obtain something from the UN if they did so after the ship who'd been the key to their negotiations was gone. He felt someone approaching him from behind and turned to see Mr. Rosenberg, who he'd been surprised to learn held the rank of sargeant, something he had not say during his and Umbutu's stay on his camp despite the fact that he had been wearing similar military wear to that of Umbutu's men, he'd assumed there was a reason for that but not that he was on the ESD's military. \"Sargeant\" he greeted him by his rank prompting Rosenberg to salute something that didn't seem unnatural to him. \"Are there any news from the men surrounding the ship?\" He asked him although he already could see that the answer wasn't affirmative. Youlou had placed Umbutu, Rosenberg and the remnants of Umbutu's men on the first line keeping watch around the ship for possible external rebel activity. Dumas supposed it was a form of vengeance, since neither he or his men could touch Umbutu or his men due to them being now members of the ESD he put them at the front of the UN forces to fight off any possible rebel attacks and get the casualties of said skirmishes, even though Massamba and his men were very unlikely to come, but still forced them to be alert and fully awake the whole time. \"I'm afraid not sir\" Rosenberg spoke professionally. \"Things have been boring on the frontlines.\" \"And how is Umbutu taking it. He said he wanted a piece of Massamba but chances of that are low.\" Dumas said. \"The major knows the plan and will stick to it.\" Rosenberg said. \"However the same cannot be said from the rest of the men. They are terribly bored.\" \"Figures.\" Dumas said. \"Has there any sign that the ship is taking off.\" \"Aside from the lights being on not yet\" Rosenberg said. \"Well it's already morning and if the sun isn't up yet, let's hope that they fall into our trap soon.\" Dumas said as he turned to look at the ship again. As soon as the the UN Colonel said that the radio came alive and from it came Umbutu's voice. \"There are noises coming from the ship I think they are readying the ship for take off\" the former rebel leader informed. \"Roger that. Fall back Commander.\" Dumas replied. \"I don't know how their propulsors work but let's guess they could fry you if you stand near it when it takes off.\" \"Roger that\" Umbutu replied and the radio went silent. Dumas looked at Rosenberg. \"I'll go inform Youlou of the developments, can you contact the ESD to inform them that we may need that air support now. \"Yes sir\" Rosenberg replied and both men separated to do their tasks. (((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) David, Okun and Catherine entered the HQ's control room where Mitchell was already waiting for them which was surprising since it had only been 10 minutes since they were informed them of the movement of the alien ship and his home was further away from the base than Catherine and David's home. Whatever the case was, David was somehow glad, despite knowing that Okun's earlier warning of a headache caused by Mitchell would likely be true. The General looked at them and it was clear that their presence displeased him. Then he looked at Catherine, a woman he'd been pressuring to continue with the study of the Telepathic conection of certain people with the aliens and how they could use it to their advantage only to be frustrated by her deliverate, or so he suspected, slow pace. \"What is she doing here?\" He asked David. David could have replied but he had an inkling that the response would not please the general since she just had tagged along not admitting David's protests especially knowing the Headache could get stronger with her there. \"I came because such operations can be stressful and some members of Legendary Squadron still suffer from mental problems from the latest war.\" Catherine replied professionally. David did not like that she was using Patricia and to a lesser degree Dylan and Rain as an excuse, even if they had been doing better lately according to Rodrigo, Jake and Charlie. \"I'm here to see if I can help them somehow.\" \"It seems you can do anything\" Mitchel retorted. \"Everything but the job the ESD is paying you for.\" Catherine was ready to reply but David was quick to prevent a fight from breaking in the control room during such an important operation. He should have insisted more for Catherine to remain at home but she said she had slept during the same time David had and she couldn't sleep anymore even if she wanted to. Now he could only deal with the consequences. \"What's the status of the enemy ship?\" He asked one of the operations, prompting annoyed looks from Mitchell and Catherine who seemed overly eager to be at each other's throats. \"It seems that they are heating their engines and preparing for take off sir.\" The operator replied. \"Have you contacted Gando Air Base?\" David asked. \"Yes sir, Legendary and Scorpion Squadrons are airborne and heading towards the target. The estimated time of arrival is T minus 20 minutes.\" The operator replied. \"Director Levinson let me remind you that I'm the highest ranking military officer here, I am the one in charge of this operation\" Mitchell said. \"Then by all means begin giving instructions General\" David said. \"I will shut up as soon as you take charge.\" Mitchell glared at him again but David found that his glares were no longer very effective on him since he had that expression on the whole time. \"Get me Colonel Quesada\" Mitchell ordered and one of the operators nodded as he began contacting the Squadron leader. A few seconds later Rodrigo's voice resounded in the room. \"Scorpion Leader here\" He said, his voice was professional and devoid of any humor. David smiled relieved that his friend was so concentrated on the mission. \"Scorpion Leader this is Base one\" Mitchell spoke. \"What's your status? Over\" \"We are a little over fifteen minutes from reaching the objective sir. Fully fueled and fully armed. Over.\" Rodrigo replied. \"Do you have a plan of attack?\" Mitchell asked. \"We planned to attack as a single group and concentrate our firepower on a single spot until we breach the hull of the enemy ship. Over \" Rodrigo replied. \"Good report to us when you arriver. Base One over and out\" Mitchell said. \"Yes sir. Scorpion Leader over and out\" Rodrigo replied. David sighed, so far it seemed that everything was going according to plan however a City Destroyer wasn't an easy enemy to take out and in the hands of those lunatics it was more dangerous than ever before. He suddered as he thought of the possibility of failure but then pushed those thoughts to the back of his head. They were going to win, the City Destroyer's last repairs had been rushed so it shouldn't be as possible as those from the previous wars, and it was operated by humans who would pilot it for the first time. They were going to win. \"Honey are you alright?\" Asked Catherine pulling him out of his thoughts. David looked at her for a few moments and saw concern on her face, it seemed that his thoughts were visibles and his worries had worried his girlfriend and Okun, if Mitchell had seen him he didn't show it. \"Yeah sorry, I just spaced out for a bit.\" David said smiling softly. Catherine nodded unconvinced and with a look that told him they were going to talk about it later, although they had nothing to talk about, it had been just a moment of worry. \"Sir\" one of the operators said looking at David and not looking at Mitchell. \"The ground troops on Congo are reporting the ship is taking off!\" \"Contact Colonel Quesada and tell him to hurry up!\" Mitchell interjected before David could reply although it was the same order he was going to give, they had to shoot that thing down now. \"Show me a visual.\" David ordered and one of the screens showed him what he wanted, the massive alien ship was rising from the ground once more with the ability to wreck havoc wherever it went. ((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) Samuel Massamba smiled as he felt the City Destroyer go up. The moment of truth was here, the moment to leave this worthless planet and join God's messengers on their heavenly mission to purge all the infidel beings of the Universe. Henry had assured he had worked to undo all the blocks they had implemented on the ship to prevent the main fleet, the Harvester queen, from calling it back since they no longer wanted to destroy cities on their own. The prospect of meeting and offering himself to God's messengers was very interesting to him. The ship shook a little and pulled him out of his thoughts and he observed his men and the several scientists he had manning the bridge. \"What was that?\" He asked annoyedly \"When we took off we had to reroute the majority of the energy we were spending on the shield generators towards the rest of the ship, the repaired reactors have not really gone through the trial runs and we are keeping them at 75% from their full capacity and don't want to risk overheating.\" one of the scientists, a european man spoke. Massamba let out an exhasperated sigh, truth was aside from Henry he didn't really like the scientists. More than once he had been tempted to kill them all but the hongkonger. He looked at the comms operator. \"Contact Dr Wong on the Reactors control room. Ask him if we can utilize full energy yet.\" He ordered as the ship continued shaking. It was clear that even if most of the heavy weapons the humans were using was from the time previous to the war of '96 they were giving them quite the ride. \"Doctor Wong says it's better to wait a little, the generators are working fine now but he says he can't guarantee our safety at full power.\" The operator informed him and Massamba approached his post taking the comm away from him. \"Henry why can't we use the generators at full power?\" Massamba demanded to know. \"We could use the extra energy.\" \"We can't use that energy yet\" Henry informed him as he panted, it was as if he had made some kind some kind of exercise recently. \"The reactors are not fully repaired and are not stable yet, we are still working on them, please be patient.\" \"How long will it take?\" Massamba asked with a sigh. He trusted Henry if the Head Scientist said they needed time it was because it was true and rushing him like he had done the previous day wouldn't work. \"A couple of hours\" Henry replied. \"We will be out of Earth and on our way by then\" The Scientist added and Massamba smiled satisfied with that and returned to his seat giving the comms back to the operator when a stronger hit was felt throughout the ship. \"Can we use our weapons system?\" he asked in frustration. \"I believe we can.\" The scientist from earlier replied, seemingly eager to please Massamba after disappointing him earlier. Massamba smiled and looked at the operator again. \"Contact the weapon's room\" He ordered. \"Tell them to return fire.\" The operator relayed his orders and a couple of minutes later the enemy attacks decreased in intensity, Massamba smiled eve wider, it seemed he'd gotten to purge some heretics before leaving Earth. Suddenly one of the operators looked at him panicked. \"Sir\" Someone has launched the escape pods near the Reactor Control Room. Massamba narrowed his eyes. Some of his followers were deserting him? Abandoning their sacred mission? That had to be punished, punished by death\"How many?\" He asked remaining calm \"All of them.\" the operator said. \"About twenty\" He looked at the operator in charge of the contact with their gunners. \"Shoot them down! Every single one!\" He then looked at the Comms operator. \"Contact the Guards near Doctor Wong's position and tell them to check on the situation.\" The operator nodded and then went pale. \"We are unable to contact any of the guards at the Control room and Doctor Wong doesn't respond either.\" He reported. Massamba growled and let a roar that terrified everyone at the control room. He was having an idea of what was happening and he didn't like it at all. \"Sir we've reported to the second nearest station, they are sending men right now.\" The bridge waited in silence for two long minutes that seemed years. \"Sir the guards at the Reactor Control Room are unconscious and so are the guards, that were near the pods. Doctor Wong and Dr Li Na Lee are gone.\" The Operator reported. Sadly it was the last report he would give in his life as Massamba pulled his weapon and executed him out of anger. Henry Wong had betrayed him! The Bastard! He had dropped out of their sacred campaign to purge all infidels! But he was going to pay! He would make him and his stupid protegée \"Did you gun the pods down!?\" He asked the other operator. \"A-a-all but five sir\" the operator replied completely terrified. And rightfully so, because Massamba was about to kill him too, stopping just at the last moment, reminding himself he was in need of his operators. Holstering his weapon he looked at one of the guards near his seat. \"Clean that up\" he ordered pointing to the corpse of the dead operator. \"And find me another operator.\" He added. The guard nodded and proceeded to obey his orders just as the voice of the radar operator sounded. \"Sir\" The female operator said. \"Now what!\" Asked Massamba angrily. \"Enemy Fighters. Ten of them.\" The woman reported and Massamba couldn't help b ut think that his plan was going to hell fast. \"Wipe them out!\" He ordered sitting back on his chair. ((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) Rodrigo and the members of Legendary and Scorpion squadrons flew towards the enormous enemy ship that was now some thousand feet off the ground. If the radio reports were correct the at least half the allied artillery had been taken out by the City Destroyer while they had not delicered any damageand the rest would without a doubt be destroyed should they fail to destroy it soon. He couldn't say he was surprised since Congo and many African countries lacked some of the more advanced weapon systems created after the war of '96 and aside from laser assault rifles they had almost no modern artillery, helicopters or fighters and if they had some he doubted the bureaucrats at Brazzaville would movilize them. \"Ok guys they hour of truth\" He said as they came closer to the ship. \"On our first passing we will divide ourselves in groups of two and look for a weak spot on that thing.\" \"Roger\" The members of both squadrons replied in unison as they proceeded to do so. Suddenly the enemy ship began firing on them, it seemed they were in range of it's AA weapons. The five groups of two separated and took evasive action. Rodrigo looked at his wingman and he recognized the Fighter as Dylan. \"Decrease your speed Dylan\" he ordered as he saw the young pilot was accelerating to end the first passing. \"Eh? But!\" Dylan protested. \"Our mission on this passing is to find a weak spot on that thing. We have to slow down so we can look more throughly.\" Rodrigo interrupted him. Dylan sighed loudly on the radio and decreased it's speed. Several shots impacted on the fighters but after the war of 2016 the Prophet or the Sphere had helped the humans improve their H-8 Fighters by installing a shield generator on them so they were basically harmless although the Fighter's computer warning signal appeared and the Fighters shook a little. \"They are good\" Dylan said. \"Better than I thought they would be.\" Rodrigo had to agree, whether ther enemy's guns were automatic or were manned they could become a problem if the battle went on for too long. \"How is it going everyone?\" He asked the rest of his wingmates. \"Have you found any weak spot on this son of a bitch.\" \"Jake and I have found something\" Came Carlos's voice through the radio. \"We have found a place where the ship it's damaged. It's energy shields are weakest there.\" Rodrigo observed the ship as Dylan and him finished flying under it. He had hoped that it's weak spot would be near it's laser weapon under it as always. But since it's laser perforer was off it seemed that the usual weak spot was no good. \"Everyone head towards Jake and Carlos's position\" He ordered as he and Dylan maneuvered their Fighters to head towards it. \"Now you can accelerate\" He told Dylan who increased it's speed together with him as several laser shots failed their target. When the squadrons regrouped, Rodrigo scanned the area in search of the spot Carlos and Jake had found. It was easy to find as it was a rather large area and there seemed to be damage of the artillery attack. \"What the hell are you waiting for? Shoot the thing dow\" Sounded General Mitchell's voice through the radio. He had been wondering when he would speak again, he had been oddly silent since the beginning of the flight. He sounded impatient, however Rodrigo paid him no mind. \"Alright\" he finally he formulated his plan of attack. \"The weak spot has few AA guns around it but it would be wise to take them down before they screw us over with those. Scorpion squadron will take care of the remaining guns, Legendary will concentrate their fire on that zone of the ship.\" He ordered before leading the charge. The enemy AA guns concentrated their fire on nthem but they as they were scarce it didn't take them long to get rid of them and finish their first strike, diving under the ship where some other AA guns from other zones of the enemy ship locked onto them and shot, however the shields deflected the shots perfectly and quickly took their distance before going in for another attack. The first few passings didn't seem to have any results, showing that even at it's weakest spot the ship was a tough opponent. Their Fighters however had felt the consequences of several attack rounds, as their energy was one third down and their shields were at half power. To the stress of their little advance General Mitchell decided to add to their stress by shouting unnecessary orders as he grew more nervous and impatient until David shut him up, although Rodrigo didn't know exactly how. \"Ok, let's go again\" He told his wingmates as they flew towards the City Destroyer again. Like the previous times the Fighters concentrated the fire on the target area. This time however their efforts were rewarded as that zone of the ship erupted in a huge explosion, generating several chain explosions on some of the surrounding areas and the ship began to go down. \"Base One, this is Scorpion Leader\" He began his report. \"The City Destroyer is falling. I repeat the City destroyer is falling. I believe the ground troops should get the hell out of there if they don't want to be crushed by it\" He continued with a smile on his lips ((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) Samuel Massamba observed as the alien computers around the ship flared it's danger warnings and alarms went off around the bridge, while the scientists tried desperate to get the ship under control as it descended. It seemed his plans were completely destroyed now and his death was almost certain. Perhaps it was better this way, since ever since this holy weapon had taken off everything had begun to go south. How could he have faced God's Messengers without a victory against the impure humans to his name. \"We should evacuate!\" The european scientist told him. \"They have taken out one of our main auxiliary reactors, the rest are quickly overheating due to being not very stable in the first place and we aren't able to cool them down.\" Without listening to his whining Massamba shot the man on the head with a blank expression on his face. \"No one leaves\" he said in an emotionless voice. \"It is the will of God\" He added. The rest of the people on the bridge looked at him with a terrified expressions. On their heads some of them began to elaborate plans to escape the ship and leave the madman they had adored like a representative of god. However their plans was ruined as the overheated Main Reactor exploded and the rest shortly followed engulfing the whole ship and it's \"crew\" in flames as Massamba smiled as he thought he saw the God he had claimed to be serving accepting him into his Celestial Realm.[Chapter 8] Well here is the seventh chapter of the Independence Day: Counterattack story, I would like to thank the people who reviewed after last episode Guest, Ragnarok666 and Orionastro and then all of you who read my story. I hope you, the ones who haven't done so already, will review and give me your opinion and even ideas as well someday (when you follow or fav is also awesome for me) but until then thank you because knowing that you read gives me reason to keep writing and posting this story. I want to reassure the reviewers that they will soon get the space action they are looking for, although Earth built ships will not be ready yet for a few chapters, there will be some space action before that though. The Character interactions some of you have requested will be happening soon I'm not sure if I will go that route yet though. Lastly I want to thank one of you for a rather enlightening history lesson and character studies about US generals, all you wrote made perfect sense, although Mitchell has another reason aside from that to be like he is now even after the events of '96. Since I won't be updating until after Halloween, allow me to say; Happy Halloween! And enjoy your reading. LD: I do not own Independence Day Chapter 7: After the Battle Bob Johnson sat on his chair at his office, which was decorated humbly in comparison to the Office he'd had in the NY's Headquarter, in the UN Headquarters on Geneva with a worried expression on his face. The events in africa that had happened over the last month and a half had been a rather difficult test for humanity, and even though the City Destroyer had been shot down just that morning and several people were celebrating the success of the operation, Bob couldn't really afford that luxury, because even if humanity's forces had been successful, the UN had without shown all it's deficiencies dealing with situations concerning humanity's defense. While the ESD waited patiently for the UN to decide to take decisive action against the Insurgents in Africa, Johnson had had to deal with the different sides of this conflicts who were willing to negotiate as well as the different Leaders of UN member nations especially those within the council each of whom seemed to have different ideas on how to deal with the crisis. It was thanks to the small diplomatic victory won by the UN negotiators, that had triggered the insurgents to react and the ESD to act to destroy the ship, that the different leaders of the world were not still discussing how to best deal with the insurgency. As a former member of the military, he knew that had to change, undecisive leaders were one of the main causes for lost battles and even wars. The UN needed to have more power, it needed to act as Earth's government, at least concerning the alien issue, if they wanted be on equal footing with their alien allies, and moreover if it wanted to survive more crisis like this one, which was survived thanks more to luck. Of course it wouldn't be easy, neither the democracies nor the dictatorships of the world would accept the UN gaining such a power even if it was for the better defense of mankind. Johnson would have to be very careful if he wanted to carry out such a reform, if he was caught it would be easy that he would be replaced and his action undone by a new Secretary General that would be little more than a puppet of the different governments. He shook his head, he bide his time he would at first do the pending chores he had like choosing an ambassador to go to the Resistance's homeworld as a representative, he would increase the cooperation with the aliens already on Earth as well. Then he would move towards his new objective, Rome wasn't build in a day after all. \"Secretary General\" He heard his personal secretary Claire speak over the interphone. \"General Mitchell wishes to speak with you.\" Bob sighed, he'd sent the man to the ESD in the hopes that he would be able to help Director Levinson, as well as keeping him under controlled and accelerate the plans the UN had for Earth's Defense, he also had wanted to put up a strong leader up front to negotiate with their allien allies. God hadn't that backfired. It had backfired bad. The General had entered the ESD like a dictator and had almost blown the alliance between Humanity and the Resistance, had gained the enemity of the whole organization and did not really keep control of it at all. The only thing that he had not blown was the speed of things since the African incident had put things on hold anyway. \"Put him through.\" Johnson replied as screen descended from the ceiling. It was a rather big screen certainly larger than the ones at ESDHQ. Johnson observed the man, who had a large bruise near his left eye as if someone had punched him on the face. \"General\" He greeted him professionally without asking him about it. \"What can I do for you today?\" He asked. \"Mr Secretary\" Mitchell greeted him. \"Good afternoon sir have you received the report I sent you earlier this morning?\" \"I have\" Johnson replied. \"I have also read it.\" \"Have you read about Dr Levinson's insubordination?\" The General asked barely concealing his anger. The Secretary General observed Mitchell and then he observed his bruise, it didn't take long to connect his strange note at the report over Levinson's apparent insubordination with it. \"I have\" The Secretary General replied professionally although he wanted to chuckle. \"However you didn't include that he hit you on the report.\" \"It doesn't matter to me that he hit me\" Mitchell huffed. \"The point is that Director Levinson undermines my authority at every chance he gets. I would like to know if you had considered what I recommended on my report.\" \"No.\" The Secretary General replied with a tone of finality. He knew full well what Mitchell was talking about. At the end of the report he had asked the Secretary General to strip Director Levinson of his post at the ESD and punish him harshly because of his \"insubordination\". \"Nor will I consider to do so in the future, General, you may be the Officer in charge of the Military of the ESD but Director Levinson is the head of the organization, to accuse him of insubordination is ridiculous since you are not his superior.\" \"But Mr. Secretary...\" Mitchell began to protest but Johnson raised his hand and interrupted him. \"In fact you have a lot of nerve to act like this. I sent you because I wanted to have the ESD under control, true, but you should have aided him as well not only become the enemy of Levinson and any other.\" Johnson added as he looked at the somewhat humilliated expression Mitchell had. He sighed, he should stop there he wanted to scold the man not have him against him too. If he was being truthful he was to blame for Mitchell's actions too. When he'd contacted him thanks to President Adams he'd seen a man with a good Service record who had played a part during the last part of the War of '96 and knew Doctor Levinson and Doctor Okun. He'd seemed ideal at the time. He'd ignored his personal life completely and he shouldn't have. \"When you hear through the telephone the death of your wife, your son and your daughter some psychological scars are bound to remain\" Johnson thought to himself. \"And for whatever reason he blames Levinson and the ESD for that and he seems to be getting his revenge against the people he blames for his misfortune. Things won't end well if he continues down this path.\" Taking that into account and taking into consideration the reports of his behavior as well Johnson could very well have General Mitchell expelled from the ESD immediately but the fact was that he still needed someone to keep an eye on David, to make sure he centered his efforts in what was most important and he couldn't be sure that another General could be the same as Mitchell or the complete opposite instead of what he needed, who was someone in the middle. No Mitchell would stay in the ESD for now. \"Mr Secretary?\" Mitchell asked worried that Johnson hadn't spoken in a while. Johnson still didn't reply as he was still thinking. He couldn't kick out Mitchell but he could have someone go to the ESD to keep him under control too, a second in command perhaps. An idea formed in his head and he looked at Mitchell, he had a man in mind. \"I believe the missions that I have given you are too much for you alone.\" Johnson spoke \"I will be sending a man over there to help you in the tasks I have given you. \"You will see\" the Secretary General replied before cutting the transmission. He then was quick to act as he used the interphone to call his secretary. \"Contact Gando Air Base.\" He told her. \"Ask to speak with Colonel Quesada.\" ((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) Jake sat on the couch of Gando Air Base's stand by room, an activity room where Fighter Pilots on duty sat awaiting the order to sortie. It had been there where they had been installed before they had been called to Congo to take down the Insurgent City Destroyer due to the lack of warning Colonel Quesada had given there before flying there from Morón air base. He looked to his side where his fiancée slept soundly with her head resting on his shoulder. She had been having less nightmares lately even with everything that had been happening around them, or perhaps it was because of that, with her mind so occupied with the mission plus almost daily flights Colonel Quesada made them do she could have been to exhausted to have any nightmares or at least not as many as she usually had. He looked around him, the room they were in was more of an activity room than a bedroom since the pilots had to be awake when they were there to go as soon as an alarm sounded. As such besides Patricia the rest of the members of Scorpion and Legendary Squadrons were wide awake. Rain and Charlie laid together on a nearby couch making out, much to the amusement of the rest of his wingmates that from time to tim urged them to get a room. Dylan, who seemed more relaxed than he had been in more than a month, was enjoying a game of billiard with Carlos and Troy, Fujiko sat in front of the tv lazily changing channels. And Isabel had found herself some books to read. Colonel Quesada wasn't there, he'd been called to the office of Gando Air Base's commanding officer since he had received a call for the colonel. \"Could you please stop making out a little?\" Troy pleaded with Charlie and Rain pulling Jake out of his thoughts. \"What?\" Charlie asked separating from his girlfriend. \"We are just celebrating victory\" He added with a smirk. \"There are some single people here\" Troy replied in annoyance. \"Leave them alone Troy\" Fujiko said without looking in their general direction. \"It's not their fault that you can't seem to hold onto a girlfriend for more than a year.\" \"But they are distracting me!\" Troy said with fake anger. It was clear that he just wanted to tease Rain and Charlie. \"So now it's their fault that you are bad at Billiard?\" Carlos chimed in in support of Fujiko. Jake couldn't help but chuckle at this. \"Let him have this\" Dylan interceded both helping and uniting in the teasing. \"He is losing so bad after all.\" \"I'll show you losing badly\" Troy grumbled as he returned to the game of Billiard and everyone laughed, even Isabel who had seemingly been immersed on her book, only Patricia seemed to remain the same. Jake sighed then thinking that now that the City Destroyer had been shot down they would most likely be called back to headquarters and Scorpion would return to their Base as well. Even if the time they had spent together had been short they had developed a strong friendship and a strong teamwork, it would definitely be sad when they finally left. \"Hey guys\" He said and every one looked at him. \"Do you want to ask permission to go out tonight?\" He proposed. \"I mean since it may be one of the last chances to do so and all.\" \"I'm in\" Troy said after a moment of silence during which everyone realized what he was saying. The rest were quick to agree and Jake was sure Patricia would also agree, once she woke up that was. \"Let's go find the colonel then\" Jake said but just as he said that Rodrigo entered the room. He seemed immersed in thought although not worried just thoughtful. \"Colonel\" Jake said as everyone rose to salute and Patricia's head fell to the couch waking her up. Just as she was about to protest she noticed everyone standing and saluting she was quick to do the same, making Jake chuckle and making her glare as a response. \"At ease\" Rodrigo said, he then noticed Jake had something to say. \"What is it Lieutenant?\" \"Sir we were discussing if it would be possible for us to have a free night. We wanted to go out to celebrate our victory.\" Jake said. \"I don't see why not Lieutenant.\" Rodrigo replied. \"Although I wonder if you could postpone that for tomorrow\" He added. \"Tomorrow sir?\" Jake asked confused. \"Yes tomorrow, you seem tomorrow morning we have to fly early tomorrow to get out of here.\" Rodrigo said. \"And I doubt that any of you fly well with a hangover.\" \"Fly? Back to Morón?\" Patricia asked and Rodrigo shook his head. \"No. We are flying to the ESDHQ, area 51.\" Rodrigo replied. \"Us too sir?\" Carlos asked in confusion and Rodrigo smiled at his second in command. \"Yes Major, we too are flying there. Scorpion Squadron will be based with Legendary Squadron in area 51 starting tomorrow.\" He said. \"Sir\" Isabel said as the rest of the members of both squadrons smiled at each other because of the news. She had a worried expression. \"I've already notified your husband Captain. He is willing to go and bring your children. Taking into account the new school year has not started yet and that they are bilingual in english and spanish I doubt they will be any troubles with their education and I'm sure they will be able to make new friends.\" Isabel seemed doubtful, after all her family was always moving because of thethe military job her children had moved twice already and they seemed to like it on Seville. \"This will be the last time Isabel\" He reassured her and she finally nodded, deciding to believe her commanding officer\" \"Also the secretary general told me that the members of Legendary Squadron will all be promoted one rank.\" He informed them. \"Jake, Patricia, Charlie and Rain are awarded the rank of Captain, Dylan will be promoted to Major.\" The five members of Legendary Squadron looked between themselves and smiled pleased at their reward. \"What about the members of Scorpion Squadron?\" Dylan said as he realized he had not spoken about the other pilots. \"There are rewards for them too. Major Gómez, you will be awarded the rank of Lieutenant Colonel.\" He said. \"Isabel you will be awarded the rank of Major.\" He added. Both mentioned officer saluted their superiors. He looked at Fujiko and Troy. \"I'm sorry but...\" \"We know\" said Troy with an easygoing smile. \"Don't worry about it\" He added talking about something that members of Legendary Squadron didn't know about. \"Why haven't Troy and Fujiko been promoted?\" Patricia asked, she clearly voiced concern over the unfairness of the situation. \"Both Troy and Fujiko have had trouble with some of the high ranking officers at the ESD.\" Rodrigo replied. \"It has been too little time to consider a promotion.\" \"The Colonel almost lost his job trying to get me into this Squadron\" Fujiko explained. \"And he surely made some enemies when he made me Captain. I really don't mind.\" \"In my case it's a little more complicated\" Troy said. \"Perhaps I will tell you the story sometime\" Isabel and Carlos seemed genuinely surprised about Troy's case as they all, both squadrons, had known about Fujiko's. After a moment of awkward silence Rodrigo spoke again. \"I have managed to wrestle a pay from the Secretary General. Your wages will be doubled for five years due to your actions in this mission\" He said and Troy and Fujiko saluted. \"What about you sir?\" Dylan asked. \"What's your reward?\" \"I've also been promoted.\" He said with a sigh. \"To brigadier general.\" The members of both Squadrons applauded. \"Way to go sir!\" Troy exclaimed as they continued clapping but noticed that Rodrigo wasn't all that excited about it. \"What's the matter?\" Troy asked as he noticed this and the rest stopped clapping. \"It's a good thing isn't it.\" \"Well that promotion is responsible for our unit being based at HQ but it's a complicated job.\" Rodrigo explained. \"In fact I'm being asked to babysit.\" \"What?\" Charlie asked voicing the rest of his friend's confused thoughts. \"You do know how aside from Mitchell there's no man on the military forces at HQ above the rank of Colonel. The Rest of the Generals are stationed around the world and there would be no point of naming an admiral since there is no sea.\" Rodrigo said. \"They are promoting me so I can become his aide, and because I am a friend of David, a mediator between the General, which is a huge baby, and the Director. I know they did this because they knoe of the friendship between David and I and we can't have them fighting during every operation but still.\" Suddenly the members of both Squadrons realized, while it was a promotion, it also meant he had to do one of the hardest jobs in the whole ESD. They didn't envy him at all. \"That's not all though. My promotion also means I won't be flying anymore.\" \"General\" Carlos protested. \"Can't you refuse? Flying is your life and our squadron will not be the same without you leading us.\" Rodrigo sighed. \"I don't like either. But I've already accepted, if David needs my help in dealing with Mitchell, I will help him. I will miss flying with you\" He said. \"With all of you\" he added looking at Legendary squadron. \"But I believe that all of you together will be able to reach greater heights even without me. Plus I will leave you one last gift.\" \"What is it?\" Fujiko asked a little less saddened than the rest by this news. It was sad that the Colonel wouldn't be able to fly anymore with them, but he was being promoted and it wasn't like they wouldn't see him anymore. \"When we arrive at HQ I'll be handpicking my substitute in the squadron. We can't have you being one man short after all.\" Rodrigo said with a smile. \"General I will be asking another time\" Jake said. \"Can we go out tonight? You too of course We have much to celebrate and much to rant about also.\" \"I'll see what I can do Captain\" Rodrigo said chuckling. He couldn't really argue he had a good point. ((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) Rosenberg observed the two chinese people who sat in front of him and Colonel Dumas. Both of them, a man on his middle aged man and a young woman had been found on one of the escape pods that had come out of the ship by one of the UN patrols. They should really be thankful that it had been them and not Major Youlou's men, since the Congolese Forces had taken the most casualties during the battle and were out forblood as they also searched the zone where the escape pods that had managed to escape the City Destroyer. Umbutu on the other hand was having his men behave as disciplined as the UN forces. The bulky former warlord stood behind Rosenberg and the Colonel as they interrogated both scientists. \"So your name is Henry Wong.\" Colonel Dumas said. \"And yours is Li Na Lee am I right?\" Rosenberg recognized the names, they had been some of the scientists that had been brought in by the Massamba's sect to work on the ship \"That's correct.\" Dr. Wong replied. \"It's Dr. Wong and Dr. Lee if you don't mind.\" \"Sorry doctors.\" Dumas replied unsincerely. He too knew who these people were, and what they had done so he didn't really like him very much. In his opinion they should be grateful that his own men hadn't shot them on the spot. \"Would you mind explaining to me what were the two of you doing on the rebel ship?\" \"We were working with the Insurgents\" Henry recognized, and as he spoke Rosenberg noted there was a hint of sincere regret on his voice. Dumas also seemed to pick it up. \"And what did you do when you worked with them?\" He continued with the interrogation. \"We worked on the repairs of the City Destroyer under the orders of Samuel Massamba.\" Li Na spoke. She seemed much more scared than Dr. Wong, and perhaps even more regretful. \"Why did you leave the ship during the battle?\" Rosenberg asked and the Colonel nodded as he was also going to ask that. \"Something happened that broke the image we had of Samuel Massamba.\" Henry Wong. \"Don't get me wrong, I know that to the rest of the world he has always been a monster but to us he was our leader and heavenly prophet.\" \"How is it that a man of science decided to follow a religious maniac?\" Dumas asked. \"Massamba gave me something when I lost everything. When you lose someone to the alien attacks, the world is suddenly a much darker place\" Henry replied and Li Na nodded in agreement. \"He gave me hope and the will to keep living. Li Na's case is slightly different but she also lost to the aliens and found hope in Massamba's words and promises.\" Rosenberg looked at Umbutu, his friend's face didn't reveal what he thought about this scientist's words or about these scientists themselves. Umbutu had lost much during the Swarm attacks as well as the period in between the two major attacks when fighting with the remnants of the Swarm. Dumas's voice pulled Rosenberg out of his thoughts. \"You do understand that what you've done is considered terrorism right?\" Dumas asked and Henry nodded. \"We know however we wish to avoid going to prison.\" Henry replied shocking the three men in front of him. He began to pull something out of his clothes and Umbutu's hand rushed to his weapon. Wong ignored his actions and pulled a pendrive. \"I know the ESD had been working on extracting information from the ship.\" He said. \"I know how much they took and I took the liberty of obtaining more\" he added with a smile. Before Dumas could reply Rosenberg spoke knowing that Dr. Okun would be grateful if he could at least bring him a little more information. \"What do you want?\" \"I want to collaborate with the ESD in the destruction of the monster who destroyed my family\" Dr. Wong replied. \"And of course for me and Dr. Lee not to go to prison.\" \"Depending on what you've brought\" Rosenberg replied and Dumas looked at him. \"You'll have your deal\" The colonel was about to protest but stopped himself. According to what he had heard would the data inside the ship was of importance to the ESD, he looked at the escaped scientist, he wasn't a warrior, he hadn't killed anyone directly and didn't seem particularly dangerous even if he was responsible to some degree, Dumas didn't know to which degree, of the insurgent actions while when he looked at his partner he saw an scared young woman, perhaps very intelligent but with no intention of causing anyone harm. Perhaps he could live with negotiating with them. \"Fair enough.\" Henry said handing him the pendrive. \"But I do have another with different information, to be more precise my partner does. Nothing personal, just seeing that you won't go back on your word, also I'd rather talk to a lawyer at the ESD Headquarters when you see that the data in there is genuine. Once I'm sure mine and my younger colleague's demand is met I'll give you the second pendrive. Plus I will tell you everything I know about the hideouts of the organization.\" \"With Massamba gone it is a little pointless\" Umbutu said with his expression still neutral. However Rosenberg could see for an instant that his friend was controlling himself. He was seeing these people as members of the group that had killed countless men and women during their attack on the RNU and he was only controlling himself because of his newly status as a member of the ESD who knew these people could be useful in their fight against the Swarm and because deep down he wasn't like Massamba or his even his father, he didn't kill unarmed people who had just surrendered. Wong looked at Umbutu and shook his head. \"Massamba wasn't working alone. After the war of 2016, different groups who supported the alien invasion, mostly extremely religious group, began working together. We were just one of those groups.\" Wong explained. \"I know because I heard Massamba speak with someone from other group, I know this because I'm certain that all his followers were on that ship and because I asked him about it and he told me that he was talking with members of \"Sister Congregations\".\" \"Well It would be too much to get rid of all the crazies at once\" Dumas said and both Umbutu and Rosenberg found themselves agreeing with him. \"Well\" said Rosenberg. \"Now we have to think of a way to get these people out of Congo without the congolese government knowing who they are.\" Neither Umbutu nor Dumas argued, even if Youlou didn't kill these people if he found who they were if the government of Congo actually learnt they could regain some political leverage to negotiate another agreement with the UN after the destruction of the ship they wouldn't let them go. \"There are still many refugees trying to get out of the country, and after the defeat of Massamba and also the \"defeat\" of Umbutu this area is going to become violent as the government will try to finish the rest of the rebel groups around this area so there will be many more.\" Dumas suggested. \"If we get them on one of those planes we will be able to get them out to another country and then to the US\" \"Good\" Levinson said. \"Colonel, Umbutu and I would like to go with them. Would you mind making sure Umbutu's men make it out ok?\" He added and his friend nodded in agreement. \"I promise\" Dumas said. \"When are you planning to leave?\" \"Tomorrow morning would be an ideal time.\" Umbutu said and this time it was Rosenberg's time to nod in agreement. Umbutu then looked at the former rebel scientists. \"Be prepared.[Chapter 9] Here is the ninth chapter of Independence Day Counterattack, I hope you enjoy it, as always I would like to thank the people who reviewed, followed or fav as well as all of you who read when I update. Just one quick note before responding to the Reviews, next week I'm not quite sure I will be able to upload on wednesday since I have things to do, if you don't see the next chapter up by next wednesday, do not worry because it will be uploaded on Saturday or Sunday. Guest about Troy's brother and sister I'm not sure if they will appear in this story, I'm still thinking about it although they will at least be mentioned. About the Sister's boyfriend my doubts are the same, so we will be kept in suspense, myself included, about that for now. Orionastro, you will get some of what you are hoping for in a few chapters, some space action at last, please be patient Ragnarok666, your description of Mitchell's personality is accurate but I can tell you this, if there is trouble within the resistance, it will not be only the human generals' fault but they will have some alien help as well. And that's that, I hope you'll read me next week LD: I do not own Independence Day. Chapter 8: The Ambassador's arrival. It had been only two weeks since the destruction of the City Destroyer and David had to admit that things were significantly better. Not only because the threat of imminent danger was gone but also because since Rodrigo's arrival his exchanges with General Mitchell had been few and far between. Ever since the arrival of his new aide, the General had been relegating on him for most communications with David and Rodrigo had more than once mediated between both men. Unfortunately Catherine hadn't had that luck, as Mitchell had centered on making her work on the research even if it cost him his life, something that would certainly happen if he continued to pressure David's girlfriend. \"He has two Military Police members shadowing me anywhere I go!\" Catherine shouted as she paced around their living room. \"Well you can't really avoid the research forever\" David tried to argue as he sipped his coffee, he certainly didn't want to begin the morning with a discussion, especially because of his busy day today. The UN ambassador to the Confederation of Intergalactic Species or, as it was commonly known on Earth, the Resistance, was coming to ESD HQ's that day to be picked up by a Resistance's Ship which would take him to the Resistance's planet. The choice of said ambassador had been made surprisingly quickly and somewhat easily with the Assembly general and the Security Council agreeing on something. Deputy Secretary General Albert Baasch, a German politician and diplomat with many years of experience under his belt, who was said to be Secretary General Johnson's most trusted aide, was chosen unanimously just five days after the fall of the City Destroyer andwho had been communicating, thanks to technicians sent to Geneve by Zarhok, with the rest of the Council on the Resistance's planet but they had been insistant from the very beginning that the Human representative in their council had to be present on their Planet as well so that was the reason for their trip. Also aside from the ship that would transport the ambassador, several space ships full with materials, technicians and Resistance members would be coming to Earth as well, Zarhok had already sent several of his men to key points to help update and upgrade humanity's weapons and military technology in general and he'd prioritized sending men to the bases on the moon to make sure both planned bases, one of which was having problems with construction, were both completed on schedule, also help with the construction of Space ships and the new Space Fighters but it was clear they needed more help. The ships were scheduled to enter their solar system within the next two weeks, a period of time the ambassador would spend with General Zarhok and Princess Miradine to learn how to act on the council, since it was rather different to communicate with the Council from the other side of a screen or a hologram from being there in person, and how not to create an intergalactic incident. \"Did you hear me?\" Catherine asked a little angrily as she realized David was immersed on his own thoughts. \"Yes, yes he's pressuring you too much honey\" David said. \"As I thought you haven't been listening!\" Catherine accused him. \"I'm telling you that he is obsessed with the possibility of using the unexplained psychic connection between human and aliens as a weapon. He is also recommended that I work with Okun and Umbutu since they seem to have the strongest \"Psychic connection\" with the swarm, however they are both busy doing the things they have to do like deciphering and translating the information brought from Congo and pursuing terrorists, They've been scrapping an hour or two weekly to come to see me. He also wants me to investigate if Dr Lee and Dr Wong could have a similar connection with the aliens due to their stay on the City Destroyer which it ethically dubious since they are technically prisoners and implies double the work without giving more time nor access to the location where the aliens we captured last year and those we already had were moved. I really don't think he knows how this works and I know that even after the whole years I spent researching said connection for better purposes I am only know beginning to understand it a little\" \"I think he's just as impatient as he's been over everything ever since he came here, and as he is the type of man who likes things done ethics don't concern him much.\" David said \"I know that you don't like the task the UN gave you to begin with and his unreasonable demands now are making you even more nervous\" He smiled \"Just know that I have your back.\" He added and Catherine smiled surrounding him with her arms and gave him a small peck. Then another, and then a deep kiss. Their hot morning make out session was interrupted by a knock on the door. Both groaned, separated and David finished his coffee as Catherine headed for the door. From what David made out it was the Military Policemen that Mitchell had following her. \"Honey I'm off to work\" She said before stepping out and leaving with the MPs following her. David looked at his watch, he still had ten minutes to enjoy this and another coffee there was no rush, he would enjoy the last minutes of peace he would have that day. ((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) Brigadier General Quesada observed as the formations of H-8s flew over his head, both Scorpion Squadron and Legendary Squadron were practicing their aerial combat. Rodrigo sighed, they had been practicing together since they had arrived in HQ two weeks ago, and Rodrigo had made a habit of always rising up early to see them do so, sometimes from the control room and other times, like now, from the ground. As he saw Dylan breaking away hard from Troy who had been until then hot on his tail he felt a pang of nostalgia and sighed again, it was always good to see them getting better and improving their pilot skills together but everytime he saw their exercises in person he wanted to join them in the air. However he was a brigadier general, the second highest military officer at HQ and General Mitchell's aide, he had too much work to get back on the air much less for his own pleasure. He pushed those thoughts aside, he'd known since the moment he had accepted the promotion that his days of flying Fighters were most surely over. He'd learn to live with it over time, or so he hoped, since he feared he would eventually become bitter and god knew that with Mitchell, the base had enough bitter military generals. \"Brigadier General Quesada\" Mitchell's voice sounded from behind him. Rodrigo suppressed the urge to flinch as he heard's his superior's voice, he knew that Mitchell couldn't read his thoughts but he felt like a child caught doing something naughty. Putting on his best professional's expression and voice he turned around and saluted his superior as well as the two officers, a Colonel and Lieutenant Colonel, who accompanied Mitchell \"General Mitchell\" He replied. \"Have you confirmed if the ambassador has left Geneve yet?\" Mitchell asked not bothering to ask the operators at the control room that. Rodrigo nodded, he had asked the operators at the Control Room to report to him when the plane carrying Deputy Secretary General, now ambassador he guessed, Baasch took off from Geneve's airport. They had contacted an hour ago. \"Yes sir\" Replied Rodrigo. \"He is on route. He is expected to arrive within the next 2 hours.\" He reported. It was amazing how transport technology was constantly evolving and how normal flights between America and Europe or between any point of the world and another laster much less time now than they did before the war. Mitchell nodded and looked up to observe the Fighter Jets and their war game. Many of them had now dropped off the game after being \"shot down\" and only Jake, Dylan vs Carlos and Troy remained. \"Have you found a replacement for the spot you left open in your squadron?\" Mitchell asked \"Not yet sir, I'm still looking\" Rodrigo replied and Mitchell nodded. \"You better do it soon.\" He said. \"Perhaps then you will stop wasting time watching this exercises from the ground and do your duties.\" He added. Rodrigo resisted the urge to retort to that remark, even if he had managed to prevent any major confrontations between David and Mitchell that also meant that he was on the receiving end of Mitchell's attacks when he was in foul mood. Which seemed to be almost the whole time he was awake. \"Understood sir.\" He replied and watched Mitchell walk away. After a few more seconds of watching the aerial combat who was won by Dylan in when Carlos couldn't shake him off his tail and the leader of Legendary Squadron got a lock on him. As both Fighter jets headed for the hangar Rodrigo decided to head for his office, he had many service records that needed reading still. As he headed for the entrance of the Base he found David entering the base, he also saw him and waited for Rodrigo to reach him. \"Good morning David\" Rodrigo greeted him putting on a smile on his face. \"Rodrigo\" David greeted back. \"How did the squadrons perform this morning?\" \"They are getting better.\" Rodrigo replied as they walked together through halls of the base. \"If I'm lucky I'll find a new member for Scorpion Squadron soon though. If they continue to fly like that it will be difficult for any new member to catch up to their level.\" \"When is the ambassador arriving?\" David asked. \"In about two hours\" Rodrigo replied. \"I've just reported it to General Mitchell.\" Hearing that David made a face, it had truly only been because of Rodrigo that he had avoided another fight with the General was because Rodrigo had always been between them since he arrived, they'd never spent even five minutes on the same room alone without him, he knew it was rather immature of him but he had liked that arrangement very much. But he had agreed to talk to the General to see the details of the ambassador's arrival and the reception Mitchell had prepared for him, being higher up in the UN the General had remarked that the Deputy Secretary General had to be received with full honors \"And I guess you will have to return to reading service records.\" David said and Rodrigo just nodded. David sighed, he knew Rodrigo normally spent the first half of the morning going trying to find his substitute, which was why he normally avoided the general during that period of time. But now it seemed it was inevitable that they talked without anybody to mediate. \"It won't be so bad\" Rodrigo said as if reading his mind. As he said that they reached the point at the base when they should go their different ways. \"It will only be two hours\" he added heading for his own office. David sighed, he guessed Rodrigo was right, he could definitely be on the same room with Mitchell without him for only two hours. Or so he sincerely hoped. (((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) Catherine sat in front of Okun and Umbutu in her office and took notes as they explained to her how their telepathic link with the aliens worked. So far, much to her relief, she hadn't been to find a way to use this telepathic abilities as a weapon like the UN had wanted. She was learning however many things about the coma Okun had been since the alien attack of '96 had been a way for the Harvester Queen to extract all his secrets. She learnt that in Umbutu's case the humans could do much more than learn the alien's written language, that the connection could be formed naturally with the aliens due to several years of cohabitation even if those years had been spent fighting against them and that due to this Umbutu's naturally formed telepathic connection was more of a constant sixth sense, that he was always feeling the psychic communications between the aliens even if most of the time it was nothing more than unintelligible noise, at least to him who wasn't the destinatary of those messages. \"Bracken has told us that they extracted information from him all the way from wherever the Harvester Queen's ship was while he was on earth.\" She told Umbutu. \"Do you think you could do the same yourselves, access that unintelligible noise on your head to get information or even block them from speaking?\" \"I'm afraid they are too far Doctor\" Umbutu said. \"Perhaps if we went to the new prison where the ESD is holding the alien prisoners from the last war we could make some progress\" Catherine argued, although she wasn't keen on asking Mitchell again about that, especially for a project she didn't believe in. \"I doubt it doctor, most of the noises I hear are from beyond our system I doubt they communicate with the Prisoners.\" Umbutu said tiredly and Catherine nodded as she wrote down that detail The now Major of the ESD had been working nonstop since he arrived to America to deal with organizations that similar to Massamba and his followers held the aliens as their gods and were willing to harm humanity on their name and making much progress together with Rosenberg, who had now been given the rank of Second Lieutenant and he'd named his second in command, thanks to the information Wong and Lee had provided. Under General Mitchell's orders he'd agreed to go to the sessions with Catherine but it was clear he didn't like this. \"I did the exercises you recommended but I'm afraid I did not succeed.\" Catherine nodded. \"Well I'll see you both next week then. Tell me if there are any changes\" She replied with a small smile. Both men rose up from their seats. \"Always a pleasure Doctor.\" Umbutu said and she smiled. \"I'll see you tonight for dinner my dear\" Okun said said also saying his goodbyes. \"I think we'll see each other sooner Bracken since all three of us will be forced to be welcoming the ambassador when he gets off the plane. \"Yeah, Mitchell might just force us.\" He said before both of them stepped out. Catherine sighed, another interview done with results that wouldn't please Mitchell even if her conscience was a little more relaxed. It wasn't that she didn't the defeat of the aliens it's just that she was worried for future possible applications. She rubbed her eyes and stepped out. The MPs were posted at both sides of her office doors and another two were near Dr Wong and Dr. Lee, they didn't have the liverty to move freely since they were former insurgents, although Catherine would have been worse for them if they hadn't been so useful upon their surrender and if their lawyer hadn't done his best to prevent them from being thrown into a cell God only knows where. \"I will see you both now\" she said with an smile and both doctors entered. Just as their two escorts were about to do the same she blocked them. She worked better if it was alone with the patients even if her current work wasn't normal psychiatric work. \"I'll call you both if I need your help.\" She said and she closed her door before neither of them could reply. (((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) When Okun returned to his lab he observed the screen of the laptop he had at the table on the section of the lab he considered his study. Even though he loved Catherine very much and pittied her for having to do a work she didn't fully agree on he was always irritated with her after he returned from their \"sessions\", if one could call the digging of information and study of their psychic connection that. He was irritated because he knew his job much more important than Mitchell and the UN's ambition for a psychic weapons against the aliens. Thanks to his colleagues that had risked their lives of Africa, as well as Umbutu, Rosenberg and Dr Wong and Lee the ESD had obtained about 1.1% of the information the City Destroyer's computer had, the problem was that most of it couldn't be desencrypted or translated in Africa, only 0,36% could be desencripted and Wong had only desencrypted a little to prove the veracity of his data. Collecting data and doing so required special attention to make sure no information was lost. The information the screen told him that about 0,55% of the information had been desencrypted an translated, at that rate he guessed all the information would be done in five weeks. He felt a presence around him and he turned around seeing the Prophet come to greet him. His friend from another world had been alternating staying on the alien ship with staying with Okun something Okun was grateful for. \"Dr Okun, how did the session with Catherine go?\" The Prophet asked and Okun swore there was sincere interest on it's metallic voice. \"The same as always. I don't think humanity will have a psychic weapon against the Swarm anytime soon. I see things here have been running smoothly\" He said. \"It's probably for the best\" The Prophet said and Okun nodded, neither of them trusted Mitchell with such a weapon for mere fact that he seemed like a brainless bloodthirsty idiot. \"Do you know when the ambassador will be arriving?\" The Prophet asked and Okun shook his head. \"I don't, but don't worry they will most likely warn us when he arrives\" Okun said. \"You've seen him in a couple Council meetings. How is the man who will represent humanity in front of our allies?\" Okun asked. \"He seems fine, it's intelligent and he seems to be able to keep Krangton, the leader of the Orwegians, in check. It's a good representative for the human race.\" The Prophet said, and to Okun it seemed it was pleased that someone kept the orwegian leader in check from what it had told him Krangton and the Prophet didn't see eye to eye on most things. Okun's attention returned to the laptop screen as he sat down in silence observing the slow process of translation and desencryption of the data. \"With the ambassador on the Council and the data from the ship. I believe humanity will prove that your trust was well placed in the first place. We will become a full member of the of the Resistance and we will prove we are worth of such a position.\" Dr Okun said as he remembered what the Prophet had told him about Council member Krangton and his doubts about humanity, which was what had prompted the test. The Prophet. \"Yes humanity will become a true member of the resistance, a member with a vote and voice in the council who who also brings something to the alliance, not to mention the defeat of the Harvester Queen at your hands\" The Prophet agreed with Okun. \"However your responsibilities will multiply the moment the ambassador touches our planet. These past weeks some members regarded him as a guest on the Council and that will no longer be the case. Contacts will increase between our planet and ours and the danger of attack will as well, but I believe if everything goes well, you will be able to lead us to victory.\" \"I know that I don't hold a rank and I'm hardly in a position to speak for humanity but I want to thank you for all your support you have given us so far and all the trust you have deposited in us.\" Okun said. \"Humanity will without a doubt become the most important member of the Resistance who will lead us to victory.\" Okun couldn't help but notice that the Prophet, despite having shown in the past that it was a being with feelings and not only a robot, despite being logical and analytic most of the time, was speaking for the first time from it's heart. \"This is the first illogical thought I've had in a long time, perhaps before my mechanization.\" It added. \"And I just know it will become true. Some of my statements have been considered prophecies before, but if any one of them has the right to be considered as one is this one.\" Before Okun could reply the Prophet moved away from him, likeit had said, that thought was it most illogical and the first one in a long time. He supposed the mechanized alien needed time for itself and let it go returning to his work. (((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) The ambassador's plane landed at Area 51 on schedule without any troubles. A red carpet was laid out prepering to receive them as soon as the plane stopped and he got off. David looked at the plane, it was a Boeing 747NXTGN, with those letters that stood for Next Generation added to any plane that included alien technology. It was proof that not only themilitary but also civillian companies had benefitted from the adaptation of the alien technology to their devices. The plane stopped near the group that gone out to receive the ambassador, General Mitchell stood with Rodrigo and David at both sides, and Zarhok and Princess Miradine on their side. On the second row, Okun the prophet and three military officers and on the rest of the rows a mix of aliens and ESD personnel amongst whom were Catherine, Umbutu, Rosenberg and the members of Scorpion and Legendary Squadrons. The moment the ambassador stepped out of the plane and began descending the stairs towards the ground, David began analyzing the man. He had a normal complexion and was advanced in age, his eyes were a bright green and his white hair still had traces of blond on some hairs. His expression was kind and a smile was on his face as he approached the first row followed closely by his aides and his bodyguards. \"Director Levinson it's nice to meet you\" He greeted David first and then he looked at Mitchell. \"General Mitchell. It's nice to meet you too\" He added as he shook hands with both men. If Mitchell was bothered when ambassador greeted David first, he didn't let it show. \"Welcome ambassador Baasch\" Mitchell replied. \"It's very nice to have you here.\" \"The pleasure is all mine.\" He then looked at Zarhok and Miradine. \"General, your Royal Highness, it's an honor to finally meet you in person.\" \"Thank you ambassador.\" Miradine said smiling at the ambassador who seemed like a very sincere man even without using her powers. \"Thank you\" Zarhok said without adding anything, it seemed his mind was on another place as he spoke. The ambassador didn't seem to mind as he greeted Rodrigo next, it seemed that they had previously met as they spoke a little more and the ambassador asked him about his family. If David remembered correctly Rodrigo had two sisters, an ex-wife and two children back home but all of them were spanish, and aside from his ex-wife, who also worked at the ESD, none of them worked in a place where the ambassador could have met them. After he had greeted everyone on the first row his eyes settled on the Prophet and the ambassador smiled. \"It's a pleasure to finally meet the famous Prophet in person\" he said as he approached the metallic sphere. Until that moment he'd only seen the Prophet through a screen on the Council meetings. \"Our race owes you a great debt of gratitude.\" \"Your race owes me nothing ambassador\" The Prophet replied and tha ambassador laughed politely. \"I beg to differ, some of people may no know it but you defense of humanity during the few Council meetings I've seen makes you deserving of all our gratitude. The technology you have provided us with after the Second war against the Swarm are helping us repair the damage done to us by the Harvester Queen and her ship makes you deserving of our complete and utter devotion.\" The Ambassador spoke and Mitchell cleared his throat to stop him from saying more. The ambassador looked at him not bothered by his rudeness. To the general's further frustration he saluted every member of the crowd that was there to receive him praising Umbutu, Rosenberg, Okun and the members of Scorpion and Legendary squadron, before finally paying Mitchell the attention he'd been asking for. \"Would you like to see the base. We have prepared a tour for you.\" Mitchell said and the ambassador smiled at him. \"I'm afraid that will have to wait. I promised the Secretary General I would contact them as soon as I arrived here.\" He replied politely. \"I also do have a Council meeting after that. However I would to take you up on that offer afterwards. \"It would be my pleasure ambassador.\" Mitchell replied as he put on a fake smile to hide his frustration, David could only guess he wanted to lick the ambassador's ass well as he was on a delicate situation with the Secretary General and he needed allies in the UN. After the reception of the ambassador the diplomat followed General Mitchell towards the Control room with the Prophet, Zarhok and Miradine following closely. Okun waved his back and headed back to his life and the rest of the people dispersed to continue doing their jobs. \"He seems like a nice man\" David concluded after only him and Rodrigo remained and the spanish General nodded. \"He is.\" He replied with a smile of his own. \"He is also a hell of a diplomat, humanity's interests will be well defended.\" He added. \"He seemed to know you well\" David commented and Rodrigo nodded. \"It's been a few years but I would dare call him a friend.\" Rodrigo explained. \"He is also the oldest Brother in Law of my sister\" He added with a smile. \"So you are almosf family huh?\" David asked. \"I guess Mitchell will be asking you to put a good word in for him then.\" \"It was a little sad to see all his efforts have been for naught then. Albert is not that kind of person\" Rodrigo said. \"Good to know\" David said. \"I also don't think so.\" He added \"And even though you may not like this neither is the Secretary General.\" Rodrigo said, he had found much respect for the Secretary General after talking to him when he talked to him to offer him this post and since Rodrigo always trusted his instincts he was adamant on making David forget the grudge he held against him for sending Mitchell. \"I guess so\" David conceded not wanting to initiate a discussion. While it was true that he could understand why the Secretary General had sent someone and could simpathize with the frustrations of the politician he wasn't ready to forgive him completely just yet. Besides even if he was still a little angry he always treated Johnson with the outmost respect so Rodrigo should just let him forgive the Secretary General at his own pace. \"Let's go before Mitchell misses us too much.\" He added sarcastically while changing the topic. Rodrigo chuckled and followed his friend. David had been able to stand in the same room together with Mitchell without him to mediate for two hours but there was certainly no love gained between the two of them. ((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))[Chapter 10] Here is the Ninth Chapter of this story of Independence Day Counterattack. I'm sorry that it wasn't posted earlier but it was a little difficult for me to do so this week since I had work to do and the election results in the US have distracted me a little too. In any case here it is now. One thing, I've begun reading the Independence Day novelizations, so in the future I will draw inspiration from it. That being said since I started this story without reading them and the next few chapters were written without reading them as well, I hope that those of you that have read them don't mind if this story goes a little into the AU territory. As always thanks to all of you who support this story, just by reading or reviewing or following or marking it as one of your favorites or all of the above. LD: I do not own independence day Chapter 9: The Lost Space Battleship Albert observed as Krangton's holographic form moved from one side to another of what he assumed was the council room back at the Resistance's homeworld. The Holographic eyes of many of his peers also followed the Orwegian leader. He was talking about some convoys being attacked by unknown assailants, from what he could make out it seemed those convoys were kind of the lifeline to the Confederation since it brought foods and resources that were not available in their home planet or those that were scarce. It seemed these attacks had been the reason the Orwegian Council Member cancelled the Council Meeting that was supposed to take place the day Albert arrived at HQ and called for another one 10 days later, four days prior to the arrival of the ship that would take them to the Resistance's planet \"I must say that this is most troubling my dear Council Member\" Krangton spoke, his tone not betraying any real emotions, like a true politician. \"Our Planet finds itself on a dire situation, first because our newest member race, the humans, whose technology is inferior to us and we have the responsibility to help them. Second because it seems that these convoys have been attacked more frequently right now and our resources are dwindling. Third because our routes which had remained a secret since the beginning of our alliance and we installed ourselves on this planet have been exposed. As such I believe we should take it easy witht the incorporation of the Humans to our council should be delayed until we can be sure they will be safe\" Albert smiled imperceptively, he had known Council Member Krangton didn't wish the humanity to have a voice and a vote on the Council. He guessed he wanted them to be just a minor ally of the Confederation. He had downplayed humanity's achievements against the Swarm and claimed that the costs of having them as a full member of the Confederation would be too costly. Of course his reasons for doing so were others, he clearly felt threatened by the arrival of humanity and Albert couldn't really say he blamed him. From what he knew before the arrival of humanity Orwegians had been the vanguard of the Resistance, the species with the most achievements, but with the defeat of the Harvester Queen humanity, a feat never done before, Humanity threatened that position. Of course Albert wasn't really the only one that saw the game Krangton was playing. \"Your came to live here quite recently\" said one of the other Council Members spoke. It was an that very thin and had greyish skin and not a single hair on the visible parts of his body and big black eyes. It was the first image that had popped up on any children's mind when they thought of aliens before the war of '96, the Council Member belonged to what had been commonly known as \"Greys\" on Earth. Their sightings on their planet have been few and sometimes far between and their appearance a Halloween costume for many many years. \"My race was one of the first races to be attacked by the Swarm and one of the first to inhabit this Planet, I can assure you it has not been the first time our routes have been attacked by Space Pirates.\" \"In fact when your race joined us we had similar troubles with our resources and you also required our help when you needed to get your technology up to the same level as ours even if it's true yours was more advanced than theirs, none of the council members then suggested delaying your entrance into the Council or the Confederation\" A female voice spoke. Albert observed as Queen Aradine, Princess Miradine's mother approached Krangton. Her appearance very similar to that of her daughter and the only differences the Human Ambassador could appreciate between the two was the difference of age, Aradine was a beautiful woman completely formed with the appearance or a forty year old although the ambassador had been told the Queen was actually older than that. \"In fact if I recall correctly it was you the one who insisted that the Human Council Member should stay in our planet, why are you trying to delay that now when we have even sent a transport to get him. \"I'm just concerned for the recent problemsin our confederation your majesty, and I'm also very concerned by the security of the Ambassador.\" Krangton spoke without being too defensive. It was clear that the Orwegian Council Member knew his politics well, but then again so did Albert. \"I hope the honorable Council Members won't be too hard on Council Member Krangton for voicing his concerns\" Albert spoke and Orwegian looked at him as he narrowed his reptillian eyes at the Human. \"However Council Member Krangton forgets that I've survived worse threats than Space Pirates and that the mission the UN has given me as the human ambassador to the Council or Human Council Member if you will is more important than my own life. Also I believe that the sooner we can integrate ourselves into the alliance, the sooner we will launch our counterattack against the Swarm.\" \"We have been fighting a war against the Swarm far longer than you Ambassador.\" Krangton reasoned barely hiding his irritation. \"I know and it's not my intention to underestimate your races achievements, even if you've been fighting skirmishes you've managed to keep the Swarm from harming the Confederation\" Albert said. \"You and your race have been the champions of the Resistance, in fact all your races have been champions of the Resistance in their own right. However with the information my Race has obtained and the defeat of one of the Harvester Queens I believe the moment to strike grows near, since the enemy's morale will be low due to their first defeat. Also due to the number of ships coming to Earth which is considerable, the sooner they do their job the better since I'm sure this alliance has better objectives for such a fleet.\" Krangton pondered his response and seemed to smile. \"You speak wisely ambassador and your bravery is beyond any doubt, I apologize If I offended you\" he said feigning respect and bowed his head. Albert was reminded of what Zarhok had told him about Krangton, he was a very proud individual and very easily offended, he had recommended him to let him have a small victory even when he defeated him on the debates. \"Not at all\" Albert said also bowing his head. \"I just wanted to ease your mind Council Member Krangton about this very real cooncerns. I'm also eager to initiate the Couterattack as soon as we can because I'm sure that if every one of us joins forces we will be successful\" He added trying not to sound condescending. Krangton observed him for a few moments before the Prophet, who Albert had observed remained mostly silent through the Council meetings, unless it was to mediate on disagreements or to keep Council Member Krangton in check spoke. \"Do you have any more concerns?\" It asked and Krangton finally shook his head. \"I commend you for your bravery Ambassador\" Krangton replied. \"I hope to see you soon.\" He added. \"I think we can conclude the Council Meeting here.\" He looked around at his peers to see if someone disagreed with him on that. When he saw that no one did he nodded at someone and the image of the Council room disappeared from the sight of Albert and the Prophet as they both remained on the Communication's room of the Resistance's frigate. \"It seems Krangton is still trying to retain his power on the Council\" The Prophet said more to itself than to Albert. \"You can't really blame him.\" Albert said. \"If what you've said is true, aside from Queen Aradine, he is the most power Council Member and the de facto leader of the council. Although I've seen much resistance to his proposal today.\" \"There are many who have followed him to this day because of his race's contribution to the security of theResistance's home planet.\" The Prophet said. \"And he has come to see many fellow Council Members as subjects to his people instead of allies.\" \"Do you think he will eventually come to terms with this new situation. I don't think humanity would resist having another alien enemy right now.\" Albert said as they stepped out of the comm room entering a bridge manned by fewer aliens than usual, most of the aliens that remained at ESDHQ were outside the ship, some of them at a BBQ at Director Levinson's house which would be their next destination. \"He will accept it. The main reason he trying to delay your entrance it's because he wants to undermine what he considers my authority and he is afraid that he will lose all that he has gained if you enter. However once the our Counterattack against the Swarm begins he will cooperate with you gladly.\" \"And after that?\" Albert asked. The Prophet didn't reply for even it didn't know as she hadn't thought much about what would happen when the Swarm was defeated and it couldn't really say something reassuring to the Human ambassador aside that time would tell. (((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) David stood in front of the Barbecue at his house's garden as he prepared to cook a second round of hamburguers and hotdogs. He had to say that he had pictured himself doing that week a BBQ wasn't among his plans but Zarhok and Miradine had been very curious about the concept when the members of Legendary Squadron had told the Princess about the very american tradition of doing a barbecue on the weekends and somehow inviting the aliens to David's house for said Barbecue with Catherine's permission. Looking around he smiled, aliens and human alike were eating dinner at his home and talking like old friends, he supposed a great thing had come from the plan he had at first protested. He had even invited Mitchell but he had said he had work to do perhaps knowing and Catherine didn't really want him to go, he had been polite, like he had been making an effort to be since the arrival of Albert Baasch \"How is the second round coming along?\" Rodrigo asked as he approached his friend after talking with Zarhok for a while. It was rather a sight to see General Zarhok with a beer on his hand or the aliens eating the human food and drinking their drinks although thankfully all of them had reacted well to the beverages and the food something he had worried about since he wasn't really sure if the aliens would really be able to eat their food or that it wouldn't be toxic to them. \"It's coming\" David replied. \"It's coming\" \"Did you know that the Princess is actually the Captain of the ship that brought her and Zarhok here?\" Rodrigo asked him. David shook his head and looked at the Princess who was happily talking to the members of Legendary and Scorpion squadrons plus Isabel's family, the children. \"I didn't\" David admitted, he had not talked much with the princess aside from the meetings and the debriefing, he knew that she'd been hanging with the members of Scorpion and Legendary squadrons which was how this BBQ had come to pass. \"It's amazing\" he said with a smile. \"My kids are about her age too.\" \"You had a son and a daughter if I remember correctly.\" David said, it had been too long since he'd seen Rorigo's family, in fact the last time had been in 2000 if he recalled correctly. That was why he'd thought of his son and daughter and children when he'd thought of them upon the ambassador's arrival. Contact had been sporadic after that and mostly professional after he had been named Director of the ESD. \"Marcos and María\" Rodrigo reminded him and just then two of Isabel's children, two boys with a healthy tanned skin and black hair, who between seven and ten years, ran past the BBQ almost made him trip as they played tag. \"I bet you still remember them when they were about that age\" Rodrigo said with a chuckle as he regained his balance and the children were scolded by their father who was seated a near his wife but didn't participate on the Squadron's conversation. He seemed like a nice man although unlike his two sons, two daughters and his wife he had no tan, he was rather pale, he also was skinny and kind of a bookworm much like David had been when he was younger, however his personality seemed nice and even as he scolded his children you could see how much he cared for his family. \"Yes It's been a while since I last saw them.\" David said referring to . \"What are they up to?\" \"María is working as a nurse in one hospital in Madrid.\" Rodrigo replied with a proud smile. \"Marcos insisted in following his mom and I into the ESD job, he is a Fighter Pilot based in Germany\" His voice was still proud but there was a hint of disappointment on his voice. David could not relate as he didn't have children but he could understand, no parent who'd seen what their generation had or fought the battles they had wanted his children to live the same things they did. \"Did he fight during the attacks of 2016?\" David asked and Rodrigo nodded. \"He was condecorated too.\" He replied. \"He is now a Captain. It was a rather fast promotion, he'd just been ascended from 2nd Lieutenant to Lieutenant when the bastards came back.\" Laughter came from the zone where the pilots invited to the party were, it seemed like Troy was telling the Princess a joke and everyone was laughing their asses off even before he finished the joke and even the Princess had a small smile playing on her lips. \"For more than two months aliens and humans have been living and working together but keeping their distance. Who knew the princess's desire to socialize with our species and a BBQ was all that was needed for me to see clearly that this alliance can work.\" David said as he pulled out some more meat from the grill. \"You didn't see it working before?\" Rodrigo asked. \"No. I always knew it would, but until now it was just a feeling in my gut you know. But even throughout these months I've always feared we would make a mistake or offend them as humanity always does when we find new civilizations, if we aren't directly hostile like Mitchell was towards them the first day, that the men wouldn't overcome that deep mistrust humanity gained of the beings from outer space after the two Swarm attacks.\" David said \"Well I suppose the ice between us and the rest of the species in the Resistance was bound to break eventually.\" Rodrigo said with a smile. \"By the way where is Dr Okun? I haven't seen them.\" David sighed. \"He passed up on the barbecue, Catherine was rather pissed at him for that.\" David said. \"But it seems he has found something interesting in the data that was found on the ship and had to debate it with Tyrion and some human and alien scientists back at the lab so I think he can be forgiven\" He added handing a hotdog to one of guests. They heard the sound of a cars engine, and looked at the street. A military jeep drove up the street and stopped in front of David and Catherine's house and Albert Baasch stepped out of the car which was driven back to the base by MP that had driven him there. \"Albert, I'm glad you could make it\" David said with a smile. During the short period of time he had known the UN Deputy Secretary General David had without a doubt established a small friendship with the politician since Albert had demonstrated that he wasn't only a competent politician and an intelligent man but a rather good person. \"Thanks for inviting me.\" Albert replied and Rodrigo looked around. \"Dr Okun called it to the lab it seems he wanted to inform it of something he had found.\" Albert replied. \"So I've been stood up by my date.\" \"That always sucks\" Rodrigo said chuckling and handing Albert a beer at the same time David offered him food. \"I wonder what the hell has happened\" David wondered as he began to prepare the hamburger that Albert asked for. He had the feeling that this recreational time would come to an end soon. (((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) Okun observed the data the computers was showing him and his colleagues, some of the data that they had extracted from the Swarm's ship before it had been shot down seemed to be a map of their solar system. At first it hadn't been weird to Okun, it was clear that the ship would have studied their solar system before launching their attack on Earth, but as he had studied the map he had noticed there was an area of the Rings of Saturn that was marked on the map, aside from the area where the Rhea base had been which was now a grey area after the destruction of the Saturnian moon by the warm hole created by the Swarm, which had suddenly closed or had collapsed, the time when it had done so was unknown since they had only found out a few months after the attack after the war of 2016, based on the grade of destruction it hadn't been open very long. Whether this was due to the fact that it had been created by the Swarm or not the Scientists did not know. No this was something else that had nothing to do with that attack on humanity, it was like the aliens had been aware of there being something else, something or someone of interest to them. After realizing this he had passed up on David and Catherine's invitation to a BBQ and had called several fellow scientists both Human and alien, even asking permission to let Doctors Wong and Lee observe the data and give their opinion on what it was and if possible even clarify it. The conclussion of what that was had been unanimous, on that position what the aliens had been looking for was most certainly a ship and one with a camuflage system it seemed as it did, whether it was of their own or not it was up for debate although Tyrion was sure it wasn't a Resistance ship since the Resistance did not have any presence on the system prior to the arrival of the Prophet to Earth. With that concluded the scientists had gotten to work and tried to analyze the rest of the data to see if they could find anymore clues, until finally Okun decided to contact the Prophet. The Prophet arrived in the lab an hour later, after it was finished with the Council meeting had been told it it was needed at the lab and Okun and the scientists were still mining through the deciphered data they had so far. \"Doctors\" It greeted all the scientists. \"Why do you require my assistance?\" It asked. Okun turned and smiled at the Sphere really glad it had finally arrived. \"Welcome, we are sorry to call you here, but we have found something most interesting and want to know your opinion about it.\" He said as he showed it the map. \"It seems the aliens from the ship in Africa, had marked a certain area of the Rings of Saturn as a point of interest, another one besides humanity's former base on the now destroyed Rhea. We most likely agree that it's a ship but we are not quite sure of it's procedence. Dr Tyrion has said it's most likely not a Resistance ship but I'm not quite sure it was one of the Swarm City Destroyers or other ships. Do you have any idea of what it could be?\" \"It seems to be a highly technological ship with a camuflage system.\" The Prophet said and Okun knew it was scanning the map on it's own trying to see what the aliens were looking for. \"It can't be\" it added a few minutes later after accessing it's memories data bank. \"What?\" Okun asked curiously. \"I think, what they were looking for is one of my people's battleships\" The Prophet replied. \"There was a battle on this system several centuries ago, one of the first battles between my people and the Swarm where my people emmerged victorious. However my people's flagship was heavily damaged and it couldn't leave this solar system, the fleet left it here and returned to our home planet to get help but when another fleet returned to provide assistance there was no trace of the ship. It was assumed that the Swarm had returned and destroyed it. \"And what makes you say that it is the same ship?\" Tyrion asked as he approached Okun and the Prophet looked at him. \"The battleship that was lost was a heavy space warship \"Sujkronodisska\" class with an almost perfect camouflage system.\" The Prophet argued. \"And there was no trace of another battle when the second fleet arrived.\" \"Ok why didn't the crew of the battle come out of hiding when the second fleet your people sent arrived?\" Okun said. \"Our Battleships were connected to the bodies of their captains after we left our flesh and bone bodies\" The Prophet explained. \"If our mechanical bodies ceased to function the ship would become deactivated and and only essential systems would remain active. Camouflage was considered essential if a ship was on a System that was considered hostile.\" \"And wouldn't your race know this?\" Asked Doctor Wong. \"Why didn't they begin a search?\" The Prophet observed the Hong Kong Doctor. \"We were facing a major threat, a war that consumed many of our resources from the very start, a search was conducted but the fleet was surely called elsewhere.\" \"What do we do?\" Tyrion asked Okun who observed the map again. An alien warship from the Prophet's race would be an incredible asset for humanity and the resistance, only god knew what secrets it held, plus he was sure it could be an useful weapon in the very hard war that awaited them all. \"Contact Director Levinson\" Okun told one of his fellow human scientists. \"He will want to know this.\" \"What about General Mitchell?\" His colleague asked and Okun made a face. He wasn't overly fond of Mitchell but he knew that he would be really angry if he learnt that they discussed the existance of a nearby alien ship and how to proceed, and didn't even contact him. He nodded at the other scientist to let him know that he could contact Mitchell as well and just hoped that the General would be patient enough to wait for David before he began explaining what they had discovered. The other scientist picked up the phone and began dialing the numbers. (((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) When David arrived at Okun's lab accompanied by both Rodrigo, Zarhok and Albert he could see Mitchell pressing Okun trying to reveal the important information he had told he had might have discovered while analyzing a part of the data extracted from the ship. The general stopped himself immediately after he saw them entering, perhaps because Albert was there or perhaps because he would soon have the information he wanted. Saluting Rodrigo, who returned the salute, and nodding at David, who returned the nod back, and after a brief almost dismissive salute to Zarhok, the Human general still had not forgiven the Resistance aliens for whatever he thought they had done wrong but he knew better than to ignore Zarhok in front of Albert whom he greeted with a smile on his face. \"Ambassador, I trust you've had a great time at Dr. Levinson's barbecue.\" He said smiling as he offered him his hand which Albert shook. \"I have General. I have to say Dr. Levinson is a great cook.\" Albert said politely. \"I heard you could not join us because of work.\" \"Yes sir, I did have to do some paperwork.\" Mitchell confirmed, he then looked at David looking almost sincere. \"I'm sorry I'd had to miss your barbecue, it sounds really nice.\" He said and David smiled politely. \"Maybe next time\" He replied and they turned their attention to Okun. The Doctor stood together with the Prophet and Tyrion the alien scientist as well as Dr Wong and Dr Lee, surprisingly without their escort, something David was sure Mitchell had commented on this upon his arrival, however they both had been proving useful since their arrival made no suspicious movements and continued to help even now, he would have to talk with Mitchell of their treatment when the right time came, when he was completely sure that they wouldn't betray them, to see if he would consider having them as paid personnel, if they wanted. He looked at what they wanted to show them, had introduced a map on an holographic machine, it seemed to be the Planet Saturn and with an area that had been highlighted for some reason. \"I'm sure you are all wondering why I called you here.\" Okun said and everyone silently nodded. \"The reason is simple we believe we have found, probably, an old warship from the Prophet's race.\" The group of people remained silent as the took in what they had just heard. If David recalled correctly the Prophet's race was an alien race that was old and advanced and who had fought a long war with the Swarm. The Swarm feared them and for good reason, the only known survivor was organizing a rebellion that could potentially destroy them and they hadn't found where most of the races that formed it were yet. \"Why do you say you have probably found it?\" Rodrigo spoke before the rest could. \"Aren't you sure?\" \"Well, the Prophet claims after it's captain died the ship deactivated and is only keeping a handful of systems online.\" Tyrion explained, \"It's stealth and camouflage systems being part of them. So we can't really confirm it's position or even it's existance.\" \"Which would explain why our Base in Rhea didn't detect it while it was still active\" David said as he looked at the hologram of the area where the second largest moon of Saturn had been before it had been destroyed by the Swarm's Harvester Mothership \"Or perhaps our men in Rhea didn't detect it because it doesn't exist\" Mitchell said \"You have called us here based on the possibility that there is an ancient Alien warship there.\" \"You don't understand if there is even a slight chance of that being true, we should investigate it further.\" Okun defended himself and looked at David for help. \"Certainly if there is an ancient warship around that area it would help our objectives greatly. It would be interesting to organize a search for it.\" David said. \"Since we humans are building our own Space Fleet, an alien warship would certainly be useful, not only could we study it and apply some of it's technology to our own ships and if we can repair it, it could be a new Resistance weapon for our fight against the Swarm.\" \"Is there a way to bring it here?\" Rodrigo asked voicing the next question Mitchell was going to make. \"How do you know the Gravity from the Swarm's Mothership didn't destroy it as well?\" \"Well...\" The Prophet began before it was interrupted by Okun \"From the little data we have it's hard to tell for sure\" Okun answered his second question. \"But the area where the remains of Rhea and the base are, are marked as well and it's far enough from the area we suspect the ship is to think it's very possible it survived.\" He then realized that he had interrupted the Prophet. \"Sorry.\" \"If I can reach the ship\" The Prophet said ignoring the apology and answering Rodrigo's first question. \"It's possible that I will be able to bring it here.\" \"We would need the Resistance's ship to do so.\" Rodrigo said as he looked at Zarhok. \"Humanity's fleet prior to the war of 2016 was composed merely of shuttles, who served to transport personnel to our bases outside Earth, however the very few remaining shuttles we have are essential for our bases on the Moon and Mars, we can't spare none of them for this mission.\" \"We will be glad to assist on the retrieval of the ship\" Zarhok said. \"It is an old ship right?\" Albert asked and all set of eyes were on the veteran politician. \"Will it work even if we manage to retrieve it?\" Okun looked at Wong who nodded. \"If the ship is anythinglike the Swarm's City Destroyer even the passage of a large period of time won't have affected it much. However we do know that if the ship is there, it will badly damaged after a battle, we can't be sure until we are there.\" \"Like Director Levinson said the potential uses for the ship, we believe outweight the risks and the possibility of failure to retrieve it.\" Dr Lee added and Albert nodded in understanding \"Well since it seems we are doing this\" Mitchell began. \"I believe it would be wise it would be wise to have some humans in the expedition as well.\" He said as he looked at everyone. \"Perhaps the members of Scorpion and Legendary Squadrons could provide security as the aliens retrieve the ship.\" \"The engines of our Fighters are far less powerful than those of the frigate\" Okun protested. \"That would just delay the mission.\" \"And our Frigate is not like other Ships of our fleet, were not designed to carry smaller ships\" Zarhok added. \"But our fighters can attach themselves magnetically to any metallic object\" General Mitchell argued. \"If I recall correctly it was one of the upgrades you made on them. Since your ship is large enough they could always attach themselves to the hull of your ship.\" \"It is too dangerous, that new feature has not been tested yet. If for whatever reason one of the Fighter gets disattached from the frigate as it's flying at high speeds the pilot won't survive, it could even be a risk to the rest of the Squadrons and the Frigates.\" Okun replied. \"Sir I don't know if it would be wise, we don't know if our Fighters would even be necessary in this mission.\" Rodrigo tried to argue concerned about the safety of his men. \"That System is incorporated into our fighters so that they remain in place in case of an attack on one of our carriers when it's forced to take evasive action\" Zarhok added to the arguments against Mitchell's plan. \"Is not meant to be used that way.\" \"It will be a good chance to test the system in a extreme situation\" Mitchell said not going back on his idea. \"Will you not protest about the mission if we agree to your idea?\" David asked knowing the futility of continuing with that discussion. Mitchell nodded and David sighed in defeat. \"We better start making preparations.\" David then said surprising the rest of the people in the room.[Chapter 11] Hello guys, here it is finally the tenth chapter of Independence Day Counterattack. Some of you may have noticed that I've changed the story from weekly to biweekly. This has been done since I have some schedule issues between my fanfic writer life and my real life, I'm really sorry, however I don't think I will have any troubles now. As always I thank the people who have been reading following favoriting and reviewing this story. To guest: I'm glad you are liking the story so far, as you can see I just needed some time to incorporate some of your ideas to this story. I'm glad you liked it. To Ragnarok666: Thanks for your review and support, I'm currently reading your story although I haven't reached the final chapter yet, please continue with your support. (AN: To those who like Starcraft and haven't read Ragnarok666's story I suggest you take a look it's really good.) To Orionastro: You will have your space battle's next chapter! Do keep reading! To Jarjaxle: Things are moving indeed. Good rhythm by the way! LD: I don't own Independence day or it's expanded universe. Chapter 10: Search Operation As David and Rodrigo walked towards the control room after the debriefing with the members of the Fighter Squadrons that would participate in the mission to retrieve the ship it was clear to the Director that his friend was angry at him. He couldn't really blame him. Mitchell's plan of having the Fighters attached to the frigate during a voyage between Earth and Saturn was dangerous. As they were reaching the Control room David stopped and looked at Rodrigo. \"Speak your mind\" David said. \"I'd rather you shout and me and ask me why the hell did I agree to Mitchell's plan than you glaring at me and looking all throughout the mission. \"Why the hell have you agreed to such a risky plan!?\" He asked Mitchell, trying and failing to keep a low voice. \"It was clear that he wasn't going to back down and I didn't want to keep wasting time on a losing battle.\" David said. \"Albert didn't seem to disagree with him either, and he is probably the only one Mitchell would have listened to anyway.\" \"That's not it and you know it\" Rodrigo said calming down, seeing some logic on David's excuse. \"If you had told Mitchell you didn't agree with his plan either he wouldn't have gone against you in front of the Ambassador. And I know you wouldn't agree on such a plan just to please Mitchell.\" David sighed and nodded. In the end Rodrigo knew him too well. \"Ok, I've agreed to Mitchell's plan because I think there is a possibility we will need to use the Fighters.\" David said and before Rodrigo could reply he added. \"Everything in this mission is based on our speculations Rodri.\" He said using the diminutive of his name he had used with him in his youth, back when Rodrigo was an exchange student at MIT from the Politechnical University of Madrid, from which he had obtained a degree after flight school, and David was an student at MIT. \"And we know that even if the Ship still exists, the aliens also know of it's existance. We can't say a hundred percent sure that there won't be troubles once the frigate reaches Saturn. However if it needs the help of the Fighters we won't be able to send help in time\" \"I see\" Rodrigo said visibly more calm. It was a rather good reason for David's actions even if it put his men in danger. However another idea came to his mind and some of the anger returned. \"Then why didn't we wait for the Resistance's fleet to arrive here, I'm sure they are bringing their own Fighters and carriers. We could ask them to carry both squadrons with them and organize a mission then. \"Zarhok has agreed not to report whatever happens to the Council of the Confederation, I'm not sure the commander of the arriving fleet would be as understanding as he has been so far with us. The existance of this ship is a good thing but it can also bring conflict within our alliance.\" David said. \"It probably still will be a source of discussion after we retrieve it but that situation will be more easy for Albert to deal with\" \"Did you think of all that while we were discussing about the ship?\" Rodrigo asked and David nodded prompting the spaniard to laugh. \"I really can't compete with that head of yours\" he conceded. \"Although make sure to let the rest of the people there know about your true intentions. I think Okun was as pissed as I was that you would side with Mitchell\" \"Figures\" David said with a chuckle. \"In any case let's get to the Control Room\" He added and Rodrigo followed him. When they entered the control room Mitchell and Albert, who'd insisted on being at the control room during the operation, both greeted them with a nod and on the screen several Fighters were already on the frigate. Seeing this David prayed that he wasn't making a mistake. General Zarhok entered the Control room a few minutes later, it had been decided that the Princess would be in charge of the operation, and all aliens aside from the normal crew of the Frigate and the Prophet would remain on Earth. \"Night Huntress this is the ESD's control room do you copy?\" Said one of the operators, thanks to the alien advances the ESD was now able to talk with all Resistance's ship within a certain range of their base, the whole Solar system in fact, also it this comm systems had been equipped with translators on their own which like the aliens personal translators worked both ways. \"ESDHQ this is Captain Miradine of the \"Night Huntress\" we copy, over\" she replied. \"Night Huntress how are the \"docking\" procedures coming along?\" The operator asked. \"The docking procedures are complete.\" Miradine said with a voice that said that she had reservations about this plan like almost everyone else \"The system's check is also doneNight Huntress is ready for take off.\" The operator looked at General Mitchell who just nodded and the operator spoke again. \"Roger that Night Huntress you are cleared for take off. I repeat you are cleared for take off\" The Princess didn't reply and the radio was silent. Not even a humorous comment from Charlie or Troy could be heard, only tense silence as the ship took off. Not that David found that weird, they had been called out on their day off for an improvised mission based on just the probability of retrieving an ancient warship from the Rings of Saturn and to add salt to the wound there was a high risk of death, mostly by accident. As he thought of that, David couldn't help but feel a little bit nervous himself, perhaps Rodrigo had been right before the mission was too risky, and perhaps he should have tried to stop Mitchell even if he truly believed in the explanations he had given Rodrigo not to disagree. He shook his head and pushed those thoughts aside as through the screens he observed the ship rising up and becoming smaller and smaller, those thoughts were futile now. He could only wait and hope the mission would be successful. (((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) The Alien Prison had been a secondary location built after the war of '96, it had been built in the case of a Second alien attack, more accurately in case the second alien attack brought in more alien prisoners. And even though the war of '16 hadn't really brought many more alien prisoners, in fact the current number of prisoners was about 60% of the number of prisoners they had prior to the war, the alien prison was selected as the permanent containment location of the aliens since they would compromise the security of HQ again in case of another attack. Like Area 51 it was also located on the desert of Nevada, about a hundred miles away from the HQ. The main difference however was that unlike HQ and most of the other military bases it barely had any structures, only a seemingly old military airfield, visible on the surface, the main structure and prison were underground and were accessed through an elevator after passing several security checks. About 2000 active soldiers lived there guarding the aliens 24/7 365 days a year. Many were veterans of both wars against the aliens or just one, others former special forces soldiers from around the world, after the incident with the prisoners during the war of 2016 the neither the ESD, the US or the UN wanted to take any chances with the prisoners who'd returned to a letargic state after the aliens latest retreat. Most of the guards hoped they would remain like that forever, however all good things had to come to an end. First it was one, one of the aliens began to scream and move around frantically, something that was promptly picked up by the motion detectors on his cell. The officer in charge of the control room that days, an african american man with short black hair and the complexion of a former basketball player, on his late thirties paled as he witnessed this. There was only one reason why the aliens would suddenly become active again and that was if they felt the presence of their comrades. Quickly he went to the phone and dialed his superior officer. The man picked up the phone annoyed that he'd been bothered on his day off. \"Williams speaking\" the man at the other side of the line said. \"Colonel we have a problem.\" The officer reported to his superior as more and more prisoners came out of their letargic state. \"The Prisoners are awake and making too much noise.\" The man at the other side of the line cursed loudly knowing what that meant as well. \"Contact HQ and let them know what's happening\" he ordered trying not to sound panicked. \"Have all our men on full alert in case some of those things try to escape and activate the base's outer defenses ASAP!\" \"Yes sir!\" The officer replied professionally as he hang the phone and proceeded to dial HQ ordering one of the operators to sound the alarm. ((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) Okun observed the screen that showed the cells at the alien prison, the scene before him seemed identical to the one that had happened in HQ just before the war of 2016, however to Okun something was off, just like he had known that the aliens had been cheering because of the arrival of the Harvester Queen and their comrades, right now they seemed to be angry, like he had been with David before entering the Control Room and finding everyone staring worriedly at the screens, he sensed they were angry about something but why he didn't know. \"What's happening with those beasts\" Mitchell asked, his voice filled with hate for the imprisoned members of the Swarm. \"I can't be sure, but they seem angry about something.\" Rodrigo guessed. \"No, last time they did that they were cheering for something.\" David looked at Okun as he said this, he had heard him enter but hadn't said anything as he had been looking at the worrisome scene before him. \"General Quesada is right, David.\" Okun said. \"They are definitely angry about something, however what about I can't don't know. Perhaps Umbutu would be able to tell us.\" \"You don't think the mission is in danger do you?\" Rodrigo asked Okun. \"Don't be stupid, they can't possibly know about...\" Mitchell began to chastise his aide before he took a look at Okun as if he had just thought of something. \"Can they?\" \"I'm not quite sure of the individual capabilities of the members of the Swarm. Since the UN has become increasingly careful on how to handle the prisoners they barely allow me to study them.\" Okun said, he then realized something. \"Umbutu has a stronger connection with them than I do perhaps he will be able to make out what they are saying.\" \"Wouldn't it be prudent to postpone the mission until we know what's happening?\" Albert said. General Mitchell looked at the veteran politician. \"Whatever is happening it can have nothing to do with the mission ambassador, plus our men could always retreat if things get too tough for them to handle.\" Mitchell said. It was clear that the General was eager to report the retrieval of the ancient alien battleship to the Secretary General since such an achievement would bring him out of trouble and back on Johnson's good graces. \"Besides our speed may be key for the success of the operation.\" That everyone could agree on. Mitchell then looked at one of the operators. \"Contact Major Umbutu and have him come here.\" The operator obeyed and Umbutu entered the Control room followed by Rosenberg a few minutes later which were spent in silence as everyone seemed to just want to see if there were any changes in the situation. When he observed the scene before him he froze and seemed to concentrate trying to make out what the creatures were saying. \"Do you know what they are doing?\" Mitchell asked after Umbutu observed the situation for a few minutes. \"They seem to be angry, really angry.\" Umbutu said and Mitchell sighed in frustration. \"We can see that Major\" He said in an impatient tone. \"What I want to know is why are they like that.\" \"They seem to have felt a presence, a presence they feel an extreme hostility towards.\" Umbutu said ignoring Mitchell's tone. \"The Battleship?\" Okun asked. \"Not only that\" Umbutu said. \"There is something more, something they absolutely hate.\" \"Have they contacted anyone?\" David asked and Umbutu shook his head energically. \"It doesn't seem like it.\" Umbutu replied. \"However it could be something else they have picked up through their telepathic link with the rest of it's species, whether that's of interest for this mission or not I do not know.\" \"See ambassador\" Mitchell said trying to sound reassuring but instead sounding smug about the information the former warlord had provided even though it didn't back it's earlier claim of it not having anything to do with the mission completely \"It's perfectly fine to continue with the mission.\" Albert nodded but said nothing as his eyes went back to the scene playing in front of him. However Zarhok spoke in his place. \"In any case I believe it would be wise to inform the princess of this.\" He said. \"Just to be safe.\" Mitchell looked at his alien counterpart for a few seconds and finally nodded, he didn't really want advise from Zarhok but he nodded and relayed his orders to the communication's officer. ((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) As the frigate reached it's destination Miradine let out a sigh she did not know she had been holding. The Planet of Saturn and it's rings which number of small satellites and asteroids had diminished after the war of 2016 was a very welcome sight. Every Fighter seemed to have survived the trip and no accidents big or small had occurred during the travel and her idea to have the frigate's ships cover the Fighters also seemed to have worked well as a protection. Now it was time to get to work, she motioned to one of the bridge operators to patch her through to Lieutenant Colonel Gómez and his men. \"Scorpion 1 this is Night Huntress\" Miradine said. \"How are your Fighters' systems holding up. There was a minute of silence before Carlos replied. \"Night Huntress this is Scorpion 1. The systems' check found no problems in our systems and the Fighters seem to be able to take off.\" Carlos replied. \"Then please do\" Miradine replied and she looked at the operator in charge of the shields and the one in charge of the shields. \"Lower our shields\" She ordered and then she looked at the comm operator again. \"Contact the Engine room and tell to reduce our speed to half our current speed.\" Both operators, both members of Miradine's race nodded and began working on their assigned tasks. A few minutes later very carefully and one by one the Fighters began separating from the frigate. \"Attention Fighters\" Miradine said as she checked that all Fighters were spaceborne. \"A few hours ago we received the news that the aliens that were imprisoned back on earth have come out of their letargic state. Apparently that is what they did during their previous attack on Earth. We don't know why have they come out of their letargic state, please be very careful when you begin the search.\" \"Oh I'm touched that you are worried about us\" Sounded Troy's voice through the radio. Miradine groaned, didn't that man take anything seriously. Granted it was because of that easygoing personality that he had almost always which had allowed her to develop some friendly relationship with the members of both Fighter squadrons but they were in the middle of a mission. \"Troy concentrate\" Isabel chastised her flymate. \"Dylan Isabel you will be with me\" Carlos began as he had ignored Troy's joking comments. \"The rest will be divided into groups of two as we begin the search. Miradine looked at the Prophet which was beside her at the bridge of the ship. It had been silent for the most part immersed on it's own thoughts like and seemingly unaware of it's surroundings. She pondered for a moment if she should inform it of their situation as the fighters headed for the area the Swarm thought the ancient space battleship was. \"It's not here.\" The Prophet said cryptically. \"I'm not feeling anything from the Asteroid rings.\" \"Well you said that the camouflage and cloaking systems were still active it's no wonder that you can't sense it.\" Miradine said sensing the Prophet's nervousness, then again aside from it's ship which had been attacked by the humans more than a year ago it hadn't had contact with it's race, neither beings nor technology, and she guessed it was normal. \"You don't understand I've performed an initial scan of the area already and I've not found a single trace of energy. I know what to look for when scanning for these kind of ships, I searched many systems after the war in search of survivors, I adjusted my scans and radar to look for very specific traces of energy or any object that could one of my people's ships and here there are none.\" \"Perhaps if we look for this traces with the Frigate and Fighters' radars we will be able to find it.\" Miradine argued as the Prophet sounded a little unreasonable. \"I updated my scanning abilities a long time ago, they are more refined than any ship the Resistance has ever built and even more refined than those of my own ship, I only used my ship's radars when I needed more detection power, but for the Sujkronodisska my systems should be enough.\" The Prophet said. \"But the aliens picked up something on their radars around that area didn't they?\" Miradine asked more confused and a little unable to accept that their trip had been in vain. \"If there is nothing here. Why would they think there was?\" \"Perhaps they thought they had picked up something or perhaps...\" The Prophet began as from the corner of it's visor it saw one of Saturn's moons, the largest one, Titan, it was currently far away from the zone where the ancient battleship was thought to be before but it was a good hiding place granted space bodies with atmosphere were more difficult to scan making it impossible to detect if the camouflage and cloaking abilities of the ship were taken into consideration and it wouldn't be the first thing the enemy would scan. Without finishing what it was saying it headed for the ship's radar operator, the alien observed the prophet for a moment and moved away as the Prophet connected itself to the radar system and scanned again. \"Found it.\" Miradine looked more confused than before, didn't it just say that she had found no trace of the Battleship's presence on the area why was it now saying that it had found it precisely as it had connected to the Frigate's radar which it said were vastly inferior to it's own. \"Where?\" Miradine asked finally pushing it's own doubts away for the moment. \"The Ship is on Titan.\" The Prophet said confidently. \"But how did it move there?\" Miradine argued skeptically. \"Were the propulsion systems a part of the systems active if the ship's captain died.\" \"No\" The Prophet said and Miradine could swear it was happy as it spoke at the prospect of another being of it's species being alive \"Lieutenant Colonel, tell your men to head for Titan.\" Miradine said contacting Scorpion and Legendary Squadrons. \"That's outside the search area.\" Carlos reminded her. \"I think the Prophet has found some traces of the ship on it.\" Miradine explained. \"Roger that\" Carlos said and relayed the orders to the rest of the Fighter pilots and soon enough they all headed toward's Saturn's largest moon ((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) When the Fighters and the frigate entered the atmosphere of titans all of them were very careful to have their ship's shields up, they didn't think something bad would happen but they'd rather be cautious about both the enviroment of the moon or surprise enemies. Even after Russia had \"colonized\" Rhea, the largest moon of Saturn had been mostly left unexplored, aside for a few unmanned missions, by the Russians or the ESD, there had been plans of terraforming and colonizing Titan, the viability of those options was being studied, but Rhea Base had only been active for 3 years before it had been destroyed alongside the moon it was in and nothing else had come from it. Miradine observed the Prophet as it searched for the ship. It was still connected to the ship radar as it helped it pick something up. They were approaching the North Pole of Titan when the Prophet spoke. \"I'm detecting what could be the ship\" the Prophet said, we are fifty miles away.\" It informed her, and she once again wondered what traces were those the Prophet had looked for to detect the ship, which was if it's story was accurate camouflaged and was invisible to the radar. Miradine contacted Carlos again. \"The Prophet says the thing we are looking for is fifty miles away.\" She informed him. \"That's good at least we won't have to search the whole moon for it\" Charlie's voice sounded. \"I would rather return home without having to fight.\" \"We haven't found any enemies yet.\" Rain chastised her boyfriend. \"But the aliens know of this place.\" Charlie replied \"And I'd rather not stretch my luck more than I need to.\" There were several chuckles from the members of Scorpion and Legendary Squadron and even Miradine found herself smiling a little at this. She had to say that if Charlie was a member of any other race that it wasn't the human race, he wouldn't have been allowed to fight, which would have been their loss since from what she had mostly heard he, alongside the rest of the members of both squadrons, was a hell of a pilot. When the fun was over Carlos voice sounded. \"Do you want us to scout ahead?\" The Lieutenant Colonel asked. \"That would be a good idea.\" She agreed. \"Charlie you can stay near the Ship if you are scared\" she joked, ever since she had started socializing a bit more with humans it seemed she had picked a little bit of their humor, something she was sure her family and race could find unbecoming of someone of her status. \"Thanks Princess\" Charlie said. \"But I think I'll join them they wouldn't know what to do without me?\" \"Please remain with the ship\" Troy and Jake said at the same time prompting more laughter on the radio as they flew towards their target. \"I will get ready too\" the Prophet said as she disconnected itself from the ship's radar and began to exit the ship's bridge as Miradine nodded. \"I'll have a security team ready to go with you\" The Princess said. \"Please be careful.\" ((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) Even though it's camouflage system was working neither the Prophet nor the Fighters could say that it would have remained hidden much longer. The fact that it was on Titan and that it was still invisible to the radar were the only facts that had kept it safe because to the naked eye it was clear there was a ship landed on the satellite's surface and by the looks of it, the ship was much larger than the Frigate, definitely an imponent sight. The Frigate landed near the Battleship`while Fighters flew over them keeping watch not only on the massive structure but also for any still unseen threats. The Prophet exited the frigate followed by several black armored soldiers with their masks on to help them breath in the unknown atmosphere. Their mission was to protect the Prophet while also perform a search for lifeforms, both friendly and hostile, in case it was necessary. The Prophet moved towards were she knew one of the entrance of the huge Battleship was. Upon reaching it she sent a signal towards a computer located nearby, or so the soldiers guessed since they couldn't see what was what with the camouflaged systems of the ship on, which seemed to scan the Prophet and recognized it as a friendly being. It was then the camouflage system deactivated completely, revealing the ancient Battleship in all it's splendor, revealing it's original metallic grey color, shortly afterwards a ramp descended and one of the entrances opened letting them in. It was dark when they first and an eerie feeling came over all of them, however as soon as they entered the ship began to iluminate and the group found themselves on a group several metallic corpses, seemingly robots bulky and heavily armored laid on the ground inactive. The members of the team looked at the Prophet but it merely said. \"Security bots, and assault bots, unlike my people, these were created artificial.\" It explained and several members of the team nodded. However what the Prophet didn't tell the group was that if the ship's \"captain\" was active those things would be active too. It was like a bucket of frozen water fell over the Prophet and it severely decreased the expectations it had had of finding anyone alive. Now that it was inside the ship, it performed a scan, everything was silent, it didn't feel anyone from it's race onboard, however it had detected organic life on one of the ship's cryogenic suspension room. \"We shall split up\" It said. \"Sargeant Krotoss\" it motioned to one of it's escorts, an bulky Orwegian warrior. \"You and five men will come with me to the bridge. The rest will head to this location.\" As it said that it projected a small scale map of the battleship. The place where the Prophet wanted the rest of the team to go was about five km away from their current position while the bridge was just about 2 km away on the other direction.. Krotoss designated another member of the group, a natrolean, to lead the other group and his subordinate seemed to memorize the map and the location where the Prophet wanted them to go. After this both groups split up from each other. \"Why have you split up the group?\" Miradine's voice sounded through it's comm system. \"I have detected organic life\" The Prophet said. \"On one of the cryogenic suspension rooms.\" Miradine didn't ask how she knew that as she had always trusted the Prophet and they already had had a discussion that day. \"Why does the ship have a cryogenic suspension room. Your people had metallic bodies.\" She asked instead. \"It served as a prison.\" The Prophet replied. \"Then the lifeform you have detected was a prisoner?\" Miradine asked. \"Probably\" The Prophet said as it and the team of five soldiers continued advancing. There was a radio silence for the next fifteen minutes which was the time it took the Prophet to reach the bridge. Even iluminated the ship's age and abandonement was clear and they found several more bots laying on the ground and damaged parts of the ship, however the bridge's seemed just old, there was no apparent damage, just some inactive operator bots, which was good. However the first thing the Prophet noticed wasn't that, it was the Spheric corpse of the ship's captain. It clearly was deactivated, dead, the Prophet didn't need to scan throughlyit to make sure. It had rolled away from the place where it was supposed to be and not even the faintest trace of energy could be felt from it. The group that had accompanied the Prophet remained silent and some bowed in respect towards the fallen being. \"I'll need some time.\" The Prophet said then in her usual neutral voice heading for the place of the Captain and connected itself to the ship. Becoming one with the central computer which and binding it to it's will, it performed an scan of all the systems. Aside from the damage sustained from the battle so long ago the ship's systems had endured the passage of time well and it seemed that the previous Captain had done some repairs to the most damaged areas. The engines seemed undamaged and the reactors ready to go. \"We've reached the Cryogenic room.\" The Prophet heard the leader of the group it had sent to the Cryogenic room say. The Prophet accessed the cameras of that specific area, although it took it a while to restart the vigilance system. Then the Prophet saw the group of soldiers entering the room and saw them froze in place in front of one of the cryogenic chambers. Zooming on it, it realized what had elicited such a reaction. In front of them, frozen in cryogenic suspension, was a large specimen of the Swarm, not as large as a Harvester Queen but larger than the normal soldiers of that species The group on the Cryogenic suspension room began reporting their findlings while the Prophet searched information about it on the ship's computers, and it found something surprising. The Swarm member wasn't classified as a prisoner but as a potential ally by the previous Captain of the ship. Before it could investigate further, Miradine's voice interrupted it. \"Do you think the Battleship will be able to take off?\" The Princess asked nervously and not only because of their recent discovery. \"Why do you...\" The Prophet began but then it noticed again, the ship's radars had detected several ships approaching saturn and the designation the radar had for them, it recognized as one of the first designations it's race had for the Swarm's ship \"City Destroyer\". \"I'll begin working on it\"[Chapter 12] Hello Dark Cronos here with the new weekly chapter of my story, Independence Day Counter attack. I do have an announcement to make. Some of the people reading this story may be familiar with my Star Wars AU series of stories which has been on hiatus for a while now, if you are not and you like Star Wars I hope you read the stories and I hope you like them, well what I want to say is that I'm restarting that project. From now I will alternate updates on both stories, one week will have a Chapter of the Independence Day Story and the following week one or even two chapters of star wars, the SW chapters are shorter. I'm still reading the Independence Day novels but this and the following chapter. Was written before I even began, I will begin to introduce things as I see fit on the chapters after that. Responses to Reviews. To Orionastro: Everything you said is basically true, and also here is one of the first space battles of this story I hope you like it. To Guest: You've given me some interesting ideas as always, I will take them into consideration and I will see which ones I can use, about the Swarm Being, you will have to wait until next chapter to learn it's history. To Ragnarok666: It was a pleasure reviewing your story, I haven't had time to finish it yet but I most definitely will. About writing a starcraft story I will see about it, I will have to replay the 2nd game and the expansions and watch some playthroughs of SC1's campaign which I played when I borrowed from a friend. As for your review your guess about the Swarm being is accurate but you will have to see how much next chapter To 15delgizzij: Thanks for reviewing and for your support! To Jarjaxle: Exactly, a space battle and a potential traitor to the Swarm. LD: I don't own Independence day. Chapter 11: The Battle of Saturn and Arrival to Mars. Carlos and the members of both Scorpion and Legendary Squadrons flew outside the atmosphere of Titan and immediately spotted the intruders, sure enough those were Swarm City Destroyers as large as fully operational as they remembered them from the attack. It was a ship any pilot from Earth and probably every member of the races of the Resistance was familiar with. From the radio came the sound of Miradine's voice just as the giant ships were becoming larger. \"I've reported the situation to the ESD HQ.\" She said, although that was hardly good news just her obligation since the people from Earth couldn't really help them as long as they remained in Saturn. \" Great, Princess. Now, do you have any ideas on how to deal with these things?\" Troy asked. \"I'm just asking because normally they do not have any troubles dealing with large numbers of our fighters and that's just one of it's own. I really don't want to find out what they could do what they can do to only us between the three of them.\" \"Me neither\" Charlie agreed and there was a few seconds of tense silence. They had come out of the moon because the Prophet needed at least fifteen minutes to get the ancient battleship on the space. \"Try to lead their fighters back towards titans, as far away as you can from the location of the ship. If we are lucky they do not have picked the Ancient Battleship's signal yet.\" Miradine said. \"The Prophet has activated the stealth mode back on and we have done so too with the frigate.\" \"Roger that\" Carlos said as enemy fighters began pouring from the enemy ships. \"Here they come\" Dylan said as they began exchanging fire with the enemy fighters, certainly their Fighters ship's were a gift from heaven but the enemy Fighters were had their own and casualties were almost unnoticeable. Both groups of Fighters converged for a moment and it took the human pilots all they had to come out of the dogfight again. \"Where do we head now?\" Fujiko asked. \"I suggest Titan's ecuator\" Isabel said and Carlos decided to heed the Major's advice, leading both Squadron's back towards the Saturnian moon with the enemy Fighters following close behind and the City Destroyers also following. \"Night Huntress we don't really know for how long we will be able to hold them off. I suggest you hurry up with repairs of the ancient Battleship.\" Jake said as he maneuvered to avoid severak laser shots headed his way. \"We are not really going to be able to hold them for much time.\" \"That's not really up to us Captain.\" Miradine said. \"But we are going to try to hold off the City Destroyers, that should give you a fighting chance.\" \"You just need to hold them for ten minutes\" The Prophet's voice sounded. \"Easy for you to say\" Jake mumbled as the Fighters entered Titan's atmosphere again. \"Alright give them hell guys!\" Carlos ordered. \"From now on Scorpion and Legendary will break formation and engage at will\" \"Yes sir!\" everyone replied as they obeyed the orders turning around their Fighters to face off against the enemy Fighters. \"I really don't want to know the difference in our numbers\" Charlie said as he destroyed one of the enemy Fighters and got pursued by three more. \"No one does really\" Troy said as he assisted him getting rid of one of the pursuers. \"It's better not to think about it.\" \"Then stop talking about it!\" Rain shouted at her lover and her wingmate. While she and Patricia destroyed another two of the pursuers as both of them dove down towards their targets \"Yes ma'am.\" Troy and Charlie said at the same time. \"Guys our shields are taking quite the endurance test\" Dylan said. \"We have to try and maneuver more to avoid getting hit.\" \"How!\" Jake protested. \"We barely have space to fly.\" \"Calm down\" Carlos said as he finished another dogfight with an enemy Fighters. \"Head the clouds and regroup.\" \"Huh, I don't think that will be an option\" Patricia said as everyone noticed the Shadow of a City Destroyer over them. \"We should really just try to be smaller targets.\" She added as the City Destroyers guns began shooting down towards the cloud of Fighters. \"What the fuck!\" Jake said. \"Their allies are here too! Why are they shooting?\" \"I think they are more serious than usual\" Rain said as everyone took evasive action and the enemy Fighters tried to do the same but ended up forming an unwilling shield. \"Night Huntress There is a City destroyer over us\" Carlos said over the radio. \"They are even shooting their own allies down we need some help here\" \"I'm sorry but we are busy here too\" Came Miradine's reply. (((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) \"I'm sorry but we are busy here too\" Miradine replied to Carlos' request for support, and indeed the Night Huntress was busy, as it was currently exchanging fire with the two remaining City Destroyers. The Bridge along with rest of the ship shook violently and their shields energy lowered considerably as they were hit by a new wave of shots from the enemy's weapons. \"Status report\" Miradine demanded from her bridge operator. \"There has been some damage near of our engines, we are working to repair it.\" The operator replied. Miradine growled as she observed how while one of the city destroyers was visibly damaged the other one was still intact. Of course this was due to her order of concentrating the fire on one of the enemy ships but if things continued this way it would certainly end badly for them. \"Contact the Prophet\" She ordered the comms operator. \"Ask it how much longer will it take for it to repair the battleship. The operator nodded and relayed her message and received an almost immediate response. \"They say it will be ready in two minutes.\" The operator relayed as the ship shook violently again. \"Engine one has been hit badly. It's functioning at fifty percent!\" Another operator reported and Miradine growled. Could it be that as little time as two minutes would be too much. \"Just one, let's destroy just one\" she thought to herself. \"Increase the power to our guns and contact the Fighters , tell them to get out!\" She ordered next. The following instants passed rather slowly, even the big explosion generated by one of the City destroyer seemed to go in slow motion for Miradine. Luckily that event also damaged the other City Destroyer which stopped firing as and trying to evade to avoid further damage, Miradine ordered to fire on the remaining city destroyer but her strike didn't last long as both Scorpion and Legendary squadron headed towards them with the third city destroyer firing their way. She growled, for a moment, in her rush to get the Fighters out of danger she had lost the advantage she had just gained. It's shields and the ship in general wouldn't survive another 2 vs 1 against the City Destroyers. However her worries dispersed as a barrage of attacks not coming from her ships heavily damage the incoming City Destroyer which stopped it's ascension as the gravital push from titan brought it back towards the moon surrounded by a flaming inferno. It was then when Miradine saw it as the large battleship appeared besides it. The remaining city destroyer shot everything it had at the visibly damage newcomer but even in that state it was not a match for the Battleship from the Prophet's race, which made Miradine wonder how could the aliens have shot down the Battleship in the first place. For the first time the Princess observed the Battleship well as she hadn't paid much attention to it's exterior when they had found it., like they had thought it was several times larger than her frigate and was shaped as as a very large metal grey oval, with hundres perhaps thousands of weapons and and six very large main laser cannons mounted on it. What she assumed to be the bridge was located in the middel and it was very similar although larger to that of her own frigate, Now that she was seeing it in combat she could say confidently that it was not only an imponent sight but also a terrifying one, even more so knowing it was damaged \"Let's withdraw from here\" sounded the Prophet's voice over the radio. \"I've opened one of my Battleship's hangars for the Fighters, Scorpion and Legendary squadrons head there.\" The Prophet said. The Fighters obeyed immediately and headed for the open hangar on the ship's left side away from Miradine's sight. Seeing itself unable to win the remaining City destroyer accelerated to more light speed and was gone from there in a few miliseconds. \"Your ship has been damaged quite heavily. The Engines look damaged.\" The Prophet said. \"And I don't think that with my rudimentary repairs this ship will be able to reach Earth. \"Doesn't the ESD have a base in Mars?\" Miradine asked. \"Perhaps we could conduct some repairs there before heading for Earth.\" (((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) David let out a sigh he'd been holding all throughout the operation after Miradine informed HQ that they were on their way to Mars for repairs. He'd never regretted more being right than with the appearance of the three City Destroyers although he had been planning for more moderate risks when he'd allowed the fighters to go with the Frigate in search of the lost battleship. One look at everyone in the room told him that he wasn't the only one feeling relieved after this, almost everyone was like him, especially Rodrigo who had pictured himself writing to the families of his men or those who had them a letter on how their beloved family members had died in service. The only one who didn't seem relieved but ecstasic was Mitchell. He had a big smile on as he heard Miradine and the Prophet report on the battle and the necessity of stopping in Mars for repairs. \"Of course we will inform the Commander of our forces in Mars to expect you. Mitchell over and out\" he said authorizing their stop and finishing the communications. He then looked around without dropping his smile. \"We might have actually found something amazing.\" He said referring to the battleship. \"Did you all see that? One City Destroyer destroyed and one heavily damaged after only a few attacks. That kind of weapon, mass produced if possible is what we need to win this war.\" He added. Zarhok said nothing even though it seemed he had wanted to reply something at Mitchell but just decided to leave the room. Perhaps because he didn't really want to generate troubles with the Military leader of the Human forces by asking him what was wrong with him. Their men had almost died fighting against the Swarm and he was treating it as a weapon's test for the retrieved Battleship. Granted the casualties had been none or at worse almost none, but to not show concern for ones men was despicable whatever the outcome had been. Or at least Zarhok thought that way. The General ignored his alien counterpart as it left the room and he looked at Albert who had been silent all throughout the mission. \"It seems we have found a hidden treasure Ambassador.\" \"Yes, the Resistance 's fight will much easier with that Battleship\" Albert said as he remained serious and with a poker face that didn't show his true thoughts. \"The study of it will surely be useful for humanity's future fleet.\" He said and looked at Okun. \"Do you think the Prophet would agree to spend some time with the engineer teams working on that project?\" \"I suppose it wouldn't have troubles doing so.\" Okun said with a nod. \"That's good, I shall inform the Council of our intentions then. Also I shall speak to the Secretary General of the brave actions of Scorpion and Legendary Squadrons as I'm sure General Zarhok will inform of Captain Miradine's brave actions as well.\" He said as headed outside the room leaving a very confused Mitchell who had expected to be congratulated, even though he had actually done little more than propose a plan and authorize a mission, staring at him as he left the room. A few moments later Okun, Rosenberg and Umbutu also left the room leaving only David, Rodrigo and Mitchell alone with the operators. Mitchell didn't understand at first, the operation had been a success, there had been little damage done to their men and they had been able to acquire a new weapon. David sighed and shook his head. \"General\" he said. \"I understand you are glad of having obtained a new weapon. I know that said weapon will give us a fighting chance but...\" \"But what?\" Mitchell asked. \"With all due to respect you haven't shown concern for our men or the Resistance Fighters out there.\" Rodrigo said. \"We are all happy that we have gotten the ancient ship but we all were worried sick when we've seen the City Destroyers, worried not only about the mission but the lives of out men.\" \"And you seem to want to take all the credit for their hard won battle and their accomplished mission. You are always claiming that we don't respect you and accusing some of us of insubordination but I thought caring about your subordinates was common sense for any good military commander\" David added. Instead of protesting Mitchell seemed to be immersed in thought at this words. Seeing that the General didn't have a reply for this David looked at Rodrigo, could it be that Mitchell was actually seing their point for once. \"Sir we've detected a fleet entering our system\" one of the radar operators told them and Mitchell shook whatever thoughts he had aside for now. \"Friendly or Hostile?\" He asked the Operator in his usual authoritary voice \"It is the Resistance Fleet.\" The radar operator informd him. \"They are reporting that they will arrive on Earth tomorrow night, or the day after tomorrow in themorning.\" \"Tell them we'll be ready to receive them.\" Mitchell said before heading out of the room and leaving Rodrigo and David alone. Whether he was fleeing from further conversation or not only the General knew. Rodrigo looked at David. \"Well there went our free day\" the spaniard said as he looked at his watch which marked that it was a few minutes past midnight. \"Do you want to grab a beer at my place before you head home. \"Are you kidding? Catherine is going to kill me for leaving her alone to clean everything up.\" David said with a small smile. \"Ah l'amour.\" Rodrigo teased his friend. \"Shut up\" David said. \"Are you gonna head home then?\" \"Nah, I won't be able to sleep anyway.\" Rodrigo said. \"Not until I know that our men have reached Mars. I planned to use the beers to get my mind off of it but since you are so whipped, I'd rather stay here until I know they have arrived.\" \"I see\" David said nodding in understanding. \"Well, goodnight\" \"Goodnight\" Rodrigo said as he waved. ((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) The Night Huntress and the ancient Battleship arrived at Mars a few hours after the battle. Luckily both ships's state hadn't worsened with the travel although they had advanced at at least half the speed they had gone on their way towards Saturn. Miradine observed the Red Planet, often considered as Earth's smaller sibling. According to what she had researched before the war of 1996 Mars was the favorite planet from where humanity liked to imagine an attack would come from, and after the war... well those stories kind of lost their appeal. Even though the humans had been victorious those stories also reminded people of the huge casualties suffered during it, and Miradine guessed that after the war of 2016 the market for those kinds of movies hadn't exactly expanded. \"Night Huntress this is General Mendvedev, commander of the ESD forces on Mars.\" A voice sounded in the whole bridge, it was a voice with a thick russian accent, Miradine assumed the comm operator had deemed important enough for it to be transmitted through the ship's speakers. Miradine approached the comm system and turning of the shipwide speaker system she replied. \"This is Captain Miradine from the Night Huntress\" Miradine spoke. \"We are glad to hear your voice.\" \"I'm gonna send you the coordinates of our main base\" Mendevev said as he worked towards. \"Thank you we are grateful for that.\" Miradine replied. Once they received the coordinates they headed for the ESD's main base on the Red Planet, if Miradine was correct it was not only the biggest one but the oldest one, although according to what she knew it had been built by France not Russia but she supposed that after the second attack and being part of the ESD the commander didn't necessarily have to be french, and the only one fully operative as the other ones, partially functional, weren't completed yet. The base was located near the entrance of of a canyon facing the reddish Mars deserts. Several H-8 fighters seemed to belanded before it, about twenty of them or so, but there was ample space for them to land, even the twenty km long Battleship that they had retrieved could land on the base's installation. \"Take care of the landing procedures\" She told the ship operator as she left the bridge and headed for the frigate's entrance which she reached a few minutes later. Several members of the ship's security details dressed in ther black armors joined them with breathing masks to breath in the harsh Mars atmosphere, why the humans hadn't tried to terraform the Red Planet yet was beyond her. The Frigate's gates opened and as soon as the ramp touched ground Miradine, who had adjusted her own mask and breathing gear, descended from her frigate. As she did she observed the arrival of a group of human vehicles, slightly but that much different from the vehicles she had seen on Earth. On them mounted humans dressed in suits that were a mixture of space suit and combat armors of a dark grey color similar to the black armors the Resistance wore. Miradine and her group waited for the human welcoming party to reach them and the human. The Prophet's ship finished landing procedures as well just as the convoy that had been sent to pick up Miradine stopped and waited for her. The Princess observed the ship again and smiled, they had made it, their mission was complete. The group of humans soldiers approached her and her escorts and the woman who seemed to be the leader spoke, her voice slightly mechanical as she spoke from her armored space suit. \"Welcome to Mars\" She spoke. \"I'm Lieutenant Samantha Roberts. Nice to meet you Captain Miradine.\" She added as she saluted. \"Likewise lieutenant.\" Miradine said returning the salute. Even though the human salute was not a military salute she had been acquainted with before, she had grown accostumed to it over the time she had spent on Earth. \"Is General Mendevev at the base?\" \"Yes ma'am.\" Lieutenant Roberts replied \"He is expecting you at the Control room.\" She added and Miradine nodded. She got on the first vehicle, a car similar to the humvees she had seen on Earth and her escorts got on the other vehicles of the small convoy. Before the driver began to drive back to the base the radio came to life. \"HQ this is Sokolov\" a masculine voice sounded. \"We have arrived at the entrance of the battleship but there are Resistance soldiers and some robot blocking our path. The Prophet has not descended.\" Roberts looked at Miradine who seemed worried at this development, she had been in contact with the Prophet for most of the way towards Mars until almost their arrival and she had not told Miradine anything that would explain this behavior, although she had checked on something more than once and had promised her she would explain it to her when they reached Mars. This behaviour made Miradine as curious as she was worried although she had the suspicion that it had something to do with the lifeform found on the Battleship. \"Lieutenant can you head towards the entrance of the Battleship?\" She asked Roberts who nodded and looked at the driver who turned around and headed for the coordinates of the other convoy at the entrance of the Battleship. Miradine then contacted the operators on the Night Huntress' bridge and told them contact the Prophet and to tell her that she coming to her. A few seconds later they informed her that the Prophet was expecting her. A few minutes later their convoy reached their destination. Sokolov and his men stood in front of a group of Resistance Fighters and some Robots, if Miradine was correct those were the security and assault bots she had heard the Prophet talk about when she had entered the Battleship for the first time on Titan. Jake also stood in front of his colleagues, dressed in a silver spacesuit with a helmet with a cristaline visor, different in that regard from that of the Resistance's and the ESD's helmets, which allowed everyone to see his face and seemed to be the one in charge of not letting them pass. When the member of Legendary squadron saw Miradine approaching he saluted her and seeing this the man she assumed to be Sokolov did as well. \"Jake, what is happening here?\" Miradine asked without returning the salute this time. \"It's complicated\" Jake said, clearly he was uncomfortable with this situation. \"The Prophet has given orders not to let anyone enter the ship before you arrive.\" Jake looked at one of the Resistance Soldiers. \"Accompany the Princess to the Cryogenic suspension room\" The resistance fighter nodded and allowed Miradine to pass, following her with one of his companions. \"I will return as soon as possible, please transmit the Prophet's apologies to the General and mine as well\" She said before ascending the ramp. Roberts nodded and reported to Mendvedev over the radio. Miradine followed the Resistance soldiers as they advanced without talking. Whatever it was that had the Prophet worried about that lifeform it had to be huge, especially since it had recruited Jake and he assumed the rest of Scorpion and Legendary squadrons to help her keep the other ESD men and women out. After a few minutes of walking the members she reached the entrance of the Cryogenic suspension room, which was guarded by two Resistance Fighters who looked straight ahead as Miradine and entered with the other two soldiers. The members of Scorpion and Legendary squadrons were all there looking worriedly ahead at one of the cryogenic machines and Miradine froze, not because the room was cold but because inside one of the cryogenic suspension machines was a member of the Swarm. And the Prophet was near said machine trying to get it open or find out who this surprise guest was. \"What is this?\" She asked her voice not revealing any emotion other than utter surprise. The members of both Fighter squadrons looked at the princess only now noticing her presence. \"That's what we are trying to figure out.\" Troy told her with a nervous smile. \"At first we thought it was a prisoner, but it seems that whoever put it in there, didn't think the same.\" \"What do you mean?\" She asked as she slowly approached the machine. \"The ship's computer has it listed as an ally\" Patricia said clearly as uncomfortable with this situation as Jake had been. Taking a good look at the faces of her new human friends it was clear that all of them were curious yet uncomfortable because of the presence of the member of the Swarm. \"I'm going to open it\" the Prophet declared and everyone's eyes widened. \"What?\" Miradine asked. \"Why are you going to free such a vile creature?\" One of the things she knew best was that she preferred the members of the Swarm, dead or inactive. \"Shouldn't we report this to General Mendvedev?\" Carlos said clearly not liking the idea either. They had agreed to try and let the Prophet try and figure out the reason for the presence of the Swarm being on the ship because it was frozen and posed no threat. If they took him out of the cryogenic suspension, he wasn't sure he could keep a possible threat from the General. The Prophet stopped itself for a moment. It knew very well that both Miradine and Carlos were right when they expressed their concern, but this was very unsettling and it wanted to clear why this being was on one of it's people's ships listed as an ally nonetheless. There weren't any records on the computer and the machine didn't seem to have been tinkered with, although there were some records of it having opened on at least two instances, which was suspicious. The only possible option the Prophet saw to figure out the mystery was to ask the being directly and he didn't know if any sensible military commander would not let them \"revive\" an enemy on their own base, especially with the known telepathic connection each of these beings had with their Harvester Queens. If Mendvedev was like some of the Earth Military men it would destroy it upon learning of it's existance. Seeing the doubts the Prophet was having, Dylan spoke. \"I believe if we report and explain this to General Mendevev, he will allow us to revive it. He will also provide extra security to make sure it doesn't become a problem should something go wrong. Not every officer on the ESD is like General Mitchell.\" The Prophet stopped for a moment. Dylan was right, plus if it had learnt anything from the ESD officers was that they didn't like these kind of things to be a surprise to them. It should contact Mendevev and explain, it was the most logical option. It separated from the machine and threw the Swarm alien a last look before turning around and looking at Miradine at the rest. \"I will contact General Mendvedev.\" The Prophet finally said and it could see that it's words left the Fighter Pilots and Miradine relieved.[Chapter 13] Here is the following chapter of this story thank you all for reading and reviewing. As you know your support is what keeps this story going. Now I will respond to the reviews but first I would really like to encourage the people who read this story to review if they have not done so yet, if you have any doubts, any ideas, any criticism or just to know your opinion I would like you to review. To those that do review with every chapter I encourage you to keep doing so, as your words of encouragement, your ideas and your questions are what is helping me continue this story. Now the responses. To Orionastro: Thank you as always for your review. I'm also looking forward to writing the part of the story you are referring to, but you will have to be patient, it will take a while for the massive Earth fleets and the full \"colonization\" of other planets but it will come, for now the development of the human fleet is underway and will be greatly advanced with the Ancient Battleship. To Guest: I'm updating this story twice a month now I'm concentrating on another fanfic as well, please keep continue with your support. To Ragnarok666: In relation to my Starcraft story I cannot tell you if it will be very soon, I will try to write a oneshot first and see how it goes, but before I do have some projects I would like on continuing first, we will see. In response to your review, the alliance is fragile like some alliances at first, it's too soon to say, however it's true what you say about Harvesters probably trying to exploit this early weakness. AN: I do not own ID4 nor it's expanded universe or sequel Resurgence Chapter 12: The Guest. General Mendvedev entered the Cryogenic suspension room followed by Lieutenant Roberts, who without her armor and her helmet on had the fealtures of an african american woman of thirty-something years definitely attractive but with a small scar on hear left cheek clearly a reminder of recent or old battle, Captain Sokolov, a tall blond man with bright green eyes and a fit body, and Jake. The General was a man on his late fifties with very short hair with a small neatly cut beard of great hair with an imposing physique typical of those in the military that had undergone a severe training. His blue eyes were penetrating and the fire of determination still burnt with force on his irises and it was certain that he would win any sta ring contest with even more imposing men. The general observed the members of Scorpion and Legendary squadrons as well as Miradine and the Prophet before he spoke. His face revealed nothing when he noticed the frozen Swarm alien which was enclosed on one of the machines at the room. \"I see you have a reason to keep me waiting\" The General told the Prophet after the members of both squadrons saluted him and he returned the salute \"It's nice to meet you General.\" The Prophet spoke in its robotic voice. \"We found it here when we came to retrieve the ship.\" The Prophet explained. \"I believe it will be a good study subject for the scientists back on earth.\" The General spoke. \"But I'm not sure why you have initially kept it a secret\" \"The reason I kept it a secret General was because I was confused about the presence of this Being on the ship.\" The Prophet replied. \"According to the main computer of this ship it is not a prisoner the previous Captain made. The Computer has it listed as an ally.\" Mendvedev frowned as he heard the Prophet speak. This beings had been the ones that had attacked the Earth not once but twice killing thousands of millions, the mere concept of one of them not being an enemy to eliminate repulsed him. But then again the Prophet was a being who had been helping Humanity ever since it's arrival on earth when the idiots at Luna Base and on the UN Security Council had decided to shoot down it's ship prior to the second attack, not to mention it's race had apparently been destroyed by the Swarm and it was the only survivor, it's concerns about this particular matter were worthy of being heard. \"Then what do you want to do with it?\" He asked keeping his cool. \"I would like to unfreeze it and interrogate it.\" The Prophet replied and the General looked like he had been shot right at that moment. \"What?\" He asked thinking that he had misheard the Prophet. \"I want to bring this being out of Cryogenic suspension and interrogate it\" The Prophet replied not paying attention to the incredulity on the general's voice and the expressions of the subordinates of that man. \"This being and beings like it have only brought death and destruction to my people and my planet!\" Mendvedev said angrily. \"Just one of them has proven to be dangerous and you want to unfreeze one of them on my base!?\" \"General I won't be able to solve the mystery of the presence of this being on this ship until I interrogate it. I'm aware of the possibility of this being very dangerous and that's why I have informed you of it.\" The Prophet said determined to let the general know that it was in no way asking for permission. The Russian ESD general sighed seeing that going on with that discussion would not bring them anywhere. \"Do you think you will be able to control this thing if it gets violent?\" \"This ships has countermeasures for that kind of incident.\" The Prophet reassured him. \"If that's the case\" The General said. \"I will allow you to conduct whatever this is. If something goes wrong however I will say that I knew nothing about this.\" \"Thank you General.\" The Prophet said. \"Besides the Countermeasures you will have in place I'd like a team of my best men to be on the ship as extra security\" The General said. \"It will be difficult to say that you didn't know anything if your men provide extra security General.\" Carlos said. \"If my men are here the chances of an incident will decrease I will find a way to save my ass if something goes wrong but my priority is my base and the personnel on it.\" Mendvedev replied, he then looked at Captain Sokolov and Lieutenant Roberts. \"Make preparations for it and inform contact Colonel Truffaut, she should be at the \"Marte 2\" base. \"Yes sir\" Both subordinates replied heading out of the room. Once they were out the General looked at the Prophet. \"I hope the mystery is worth it.\" He said as he went out and everyone breathed a sigh of relief, it was then when Miradine's com device came to life and she frowned. Everyone looked at her wondering what had her worried now. \"The incoming Resistance Fleet has contacted us.\" She said. \"My younger sister is with them and she wanted to inform me that they have picked up our signals in Mars and will stop here before continuing to Earth.\" None of them really understood the gravity of her words, only the Prophet did as it asked. \"Who is leading the fleet?\" \"Council Member Krangton's younger brother, Marduk.\" She replied. \"We need to initiate wake this Being now.\" The Prophet said and faced Carlos. \"Contact the General.\" Still not knowing why the members of both Fighter Squadrons looked at each other in confusion but Carlos nonetheless obeyed the order. ((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) While the General was annoyed by the sudden request of hurrying with the addition of extra security to the ship he understood why a Rebel Fleet would bother the Prophet, he had been against the Plan again, the Swarm only awoke his worst side, he couldn't imagine how beings who had lost their planet would react to the idea of waking that being, much less the possibility of it being an ally. The Spheric alien had been clearly reluctant to inform him of its intentions of waking the Swarm being and he imagined a Resistance Fleet, would be much worse, more difficult to convince. Looking at the clocks on the Martian base's control room and the contacts the incoming fleet had initiated with the control room's both on Earth and Mars it would be about 14 hours before they arrived on the Red Planet. Meanwhile at the Ancient Battleship, the members of both Fighter Squadrons along with Captain Sokolov his men and some Resistance aliens observed as the Prophet with the control console of the Cryogenic suspension machine the Swarm Being was on. There was some tension in the air as no one really knew what would happen once that machine was opened and humans and alien alike gripped their laser weapons strongly seeking some kind of reassurance. When the Prophet finished inputting the commands on the console the machine opened and the Swarm being fell forward being even larger than they had thought before. \"So this is a Harvester alien?\" Sokolov asked. Before the arrival of the resistance the ESD had taken to calling the otherwordly invaders either just aliens or harvesters, this last one had been especially used after the war of 2016, due to their intentions on their Planet, however since the arrival of the first Resistance ship humanity now used their term to address the alien threat. The large body of about, three and a half meters was inactive almost as if it was dead. \"Is it...?\" Sokolov began to ask but the Prophet replied before he could finish. \"Cryogenic suspension has a recuperation process, it may take a few hours before it wakes up fully.\" The Prophet said as two security bots picked up the body and dragged it away accompanied by a human and an alien soldier. \"I hope it will be able to awake before the arrival of the Resistance...\" it began to add but before he could finish Sokolov's comm came alive and the Captain received some information that made him put on a grimm expression. \"An unknown Object is approaching Mars\" he informed gravely. \"Probably a Swarm Colony ship.\" \"So those three City Destroyers weren't alone then.\" Jake said as pale as all his companions were with this new information. While a Colony ship was not the biggest kind of ship ship the Swarm had it had been the one responsible of conducting the attack on Earth in '96, it could carry up to 24 City Destroyers and could obliterate on life on Mars several thousand times if it wanted even with the base's powerful laser weapons. \"We will head for our fighters.\" Carlos said moving with the members of both Squadrons following him. \"Wait\" Sokolov said. \"It has not deployed it's city destroyers yet, it seems to have stopped several thousand km away from the planet.\" \"The Frigate has it systems down?\" The Prophet asked Miradine who nodded. \"They have turned it down after the first system check\" Miradine said. \"My men are now assessing the damage in person, only the basic systems are on.\" The Prophet moved towards the entrance of the room as it delivered orders. \"No one move a muscle, I'll activate the cloaking and camouflage systems.\" Everyone understood what it was doing, it had guessed the Mothership was looking for them and was the Prophet was trying to avoid detection but there was a very good chance that the Swarm ship had already detected them so none of them were too hopeful about that. A few minutes passed before the lights went off, only the light from the cryogenic machines, which were supported by an independent auxiliary energy source iluminated the room with a whitish light. Using her comm Miradine contacted the Prophet. \"The energy is down here, however won't they have already detected us.\" \"It's a possibility, but in case they haven't this will make it more difficult for them to find us.\" The Prophet said. \"Plus if what they scan is only the human presence I doubt they would attack the Planet.\" \"That's just wishful thinking considering they have been scanning for a while now and they have attacked Earth Twice\" Troy interrupted them. \"Humanity has been the only race to destroy a Harvester Queen\" The Prophet replied. \"They have underestimated you before and it didn't go well for them.\" There was a moment of silence. \"Miradine I need you at the recuperation room.\" It said as one of the security bots entered. \"What's the matter?\" Miradine asked. \"Our friend has woken up.\" The Prophet informed her. \"And your abilities will be useful to see if he's truthful with his answers.\" \"But I've never used them on a Swarm Being, I'm not sure they will work.\" Miradine said. \"We will have to try\" The Prophet replied \"You have used it on Telepaths before right?\" \"Yeah\" Miradine said still unsure. \"Let's hope that will suffice.\" Said the prophet ((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) General Mendvedev received observe the radar where he could see the presence of the alien colony ship near the planet. It was not moving and yet like the military leaders of Earth during the war of '96 the General first instict was to blast it out of the sky by the Prophet had warned him against it. It had told him to conduct bussiness as if the enemy wasn't there, or at least make defense preparations as discreetly as possible and his second in command, Trufaut, also seemed to agree to observe the enemy's movements for now when he had contacted her, with their allied fleet, still about twelve hours away from the Red Planet to launch a frontal attack without being attacked would be to sacrifice all of their pilots and Fighters in vain. \"Sir\" Came the panicked voice of one of his men, one of the operators at the control room. \"We've lost contact with Earth and the incoming fleet. \"What about the planetary transmissions?\" The General asked. \"No, we have no problems on that area.\" The operator replied after performing some test. The general growled, it was clear that the aliens were clever, they were isolating them before attacking as per their usual MO. Hopefully they would take their time, hopefully the Confederation's fleet would arrive soon and his men's lives would be spared. He really hoped that would be the case, it would be a shame if he was sent to meet some of his friends and family before he had been able to avenge them. \"General\" The radar operator said. \"City destroyers are breaking away from the enemy Colony Ship.\" \"Are they heading towards the planet?\" The General asked as he observed the radar again where the enemy signals were multiplying.\" \"It doesn't seem like it.\" The operator said. The General observed the enemy fleet and narrowed his eyes. Like the operator had said it didn't look like the enemy ships were approaching the Planet instead they just seemed to remain around the Mothership. Seeing where they were placed, the General smiled, it seemed there was some truth to the Prophet's words, the enemy wanted to intimidate them but they seemed somewhat reluctant to attack. \"Sir, Colonel Truffaut wants to speak with you\" The Comm operator reported to him. The General nodded and approached the com system. \"Mendvedev here.\" \"Sir\" Spoke the voice of Colonel Anne Marie Truffaut. \"Our radar shows that the enemy has deployed the City Destroyers.\" \"I see it Colonel.\" The General replied sensing that his subordinate was uneasy about that. \"They seem to want to intimidate us. However I believe that the Prophet's assessment as well as your own were right, for the time being we will continue to observe. Are your Fighter Pilots on your base ready to act if necessary?\" \"Yes sir\" Anne Marie replied. \"I have ordered the builders to continue working at my base as well as the other bases, but all the gunners are on high alert now.\" \"Good\" The General replied. \"Mendvedev over and out.\" The General said pleased that things were working to their favour and the Colonel had demonstrated some initiative in preparing the bases for the attack. When they had begun working together over a year ago, the Colonel, the youngest colonel in the history of the French modern military history had been uncooperative and even somewhat hostile towards him, since France had been the one to colonize Mars and the ESD normally assigned a General from the country who'd done so to command their bases outside Earth, she had expected to be assigned to the post when her former superior had retired shortly before the attack of 2016. However after the war Russia had lost it's relatively new colony on Rhea and France had lost the candidates for commander of the Martian base during the attack on Paris. As such, Medvedev, who had ironically been on the Mars base resting on his way to Rhea where he was supposed to be relevating the commander there when the second war broke out had been assigned by both Europe and Russia to be the next commander of the Marte 1 Base, crushing the hopes Anne Marie had to be elected herself as commander of the base. Now, however she had learnt to consider Mendvedev as a mentor more than a rival or an intruder and the team they formed leading the ESD forces on Mars was a pretty effective one. \"Sir\" One of the operators spoke. \"It seems like out \"Guest\" has woken up. The Prophet and Princess Miradine have entered the room where it is and placed measures to prevent the enemy fleet from detecting it's presence.\" He reported. \"I hope the Prophet figures out what it wants from that beast.\" Mendvedev thought to himself. \"Have our men on the ship and around on high alert.\" He ordered the operator who nodded. ((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) The Prophet entered the room together with Miradine, Lieutenant Roberts and a Natrolean soldier who remained at both sides of the door as the other two approached the now fully awake member of the Swarm. The Being now stood observing his visitors wearily but made no brusque movements nor did he move away from the spot where it was now standing in all it's three and a half meters height, at least his biomechanical armor was 3 and a half meters, not that it mattered since the enemy aliens seemed to consider it an extension of their body and rarely showed their true bodies except when their enemies performed authopsies on them, which was not willingly, and sometimes when as a last desperate resort to defend themselves, even the prisoners back on earth had their armors always on so for all intents and purposes 3 and a half meters was it's real height. The Swarm being recognized the Prophet as a member of the race it's race was at war with, the race it had deserted to but the other female alien of shiny eyes it didn't recognize. \" Hello, my name is Srakiadaratenissa Medvadearana Msinikaodora Illis.\" The Prophet spoke on it's robotic voice. Alien the being didn't recognize seemed surprised at this revelation like she was the first time she heard her companion's name. \"She is Princess Miradine of Natrole. What is your name?\" The Being looked at the Prophet surprised to hear his own tongue coming out of it but he supposed he shouldn't be. He had been witness so many years ago to the technical prowess of this race, the Captain or former captain had shown it to him when he had entered this ship for the first time. He had seen parts of it on the ruins of the former settlement of that race he had attacked with the rest of his species before his desertion. \" My name is Sortum\" He spoke with a deep and profound voice into the minds of both of them surprisingly they understood it as well even if the translators couldn't translate thoughts although they supposed that this Being's telepathic powers were just that powerful. Miradine seemed surprised as she heard his voice on her mind, it was no wonder, Sortum's species had been infamous for their habit of using unwilling alien species to communicate with members of members of those beings species, using them as translators against their will with their telepathic powers which they used to communicate with each other, but they had never before used their telepathy in that way at least not with any of the races of the Alliance. \"I was once one of my people's Supreme Commander in our eternal quest for energy.\" \" Sortum...\" The Prophet said as it looked at Miradine. \"Why were you at my people's ship? Were you captured?\" \" You should already know the answer to that question\" Sortum replied. \"Otherwise I would already be dead, wouldn't I?\" \" So you deserted your people?\" Miradine asked as it became clear the young alien was also using a translation device. \" I parted ways with the rest of my species when I no longer could tolerate their action or follow the path we had taken\" Sortum replied without giving anymore explanations. \" What do you mean?\" The Prophet asked. \"Why Couldn't you follow it any longer?\" \" Long ago my species was not the monsters the whole galaxy came to fear when we declared war on your species.\" Sortum replied. \"Long ago we were prosperous beings with our own planet, our culture, our technology and our interests were different from what my people are now. However as our technology grew so was the need of a powerful energy source for our machines, our ships, our colonies...\" \" And you found the way to mine your own planet's core for the energy it had.\" The Prophet replied understanding what he was going to say next. Sortum nodded slowly and it was clear that the memory was painful for him. \" At first our Queens and our Empress decided not to harvest or ue that energy, they were concerned of the repercussions on our Planet. That kept our planet's safe for many years but it didn't solve our need for energy. It got to a point when the energy sources of our planet eventually began dying down and those which could have been renewed became insufficient.\" Sortum explained. \"Before long, the different Queens of our realm began fighting one another for the remaining sources of energy, back then the Empress's telepathic control over them was minimal and she could do little about it. Seeing this, the Empress decided to begin the mining of the Planet and our colonies' core and our planets began to die and when it did... so began the decline of my species and the formation of what you call the Swarm as she reinforced her control over the Queens\" \" And you stopped following the path of your people when you learnt of this?\" The Prophet asked and the Being nodded. \" It was then too when I got rid of the telepathic control my Queen had over me, it was the moment I regained what my species has been lacking, my individual thoughts, each of us was granted some autonomy and liberty of movement however in the end we were always controlled to some degree even if the Supreme commanders have the most autonomy within the hive mind aside from the Queens. It was different though I was outside the hive mind.\" \" How exactly did you learn of this?\" The Prophet asked as Miradine, who seemed to be looking at the depths of his soul, just seemed shocked. \"How did you learn of this without your Queen realizing this if ultimately she still had control over you?\" \" My Queen realized it. When your people found me I was being lead towards the Empress' ship and probably be eliminated. My species has been looking for me ever since your people rescued me.\" Sortum explained. \" How do you know that?\" Miradine asked Sortum and he chuckled into their minds. \" I've been feeling them, searching, searching the vastness of space and calling me The Betrayer and cursing my name\" Sortum replied. \" That's why you came out of cryogenic suspension?\" The Prophet asked and Sortum nodded. \" I always managed not to get detected but there had been some close calls. I had to move this ship twice, as difficult as it was for anyone not on your species to do so, when I felt too close to my position for comfort as well as when they destroyed part of this Planet's asteroid ring and one of it's satellites.\" Sortum said. \"It seems I never managed to get them off my trail completely though.\" He added probably referring to the Fleet outside Mars \" They are currently blockading this planet\" The Prophet said. \"What exactly makes you that interesting to them?\" \" The fact that I know where their Empress is.\" Sortum replied. \" The Empress is your supreme leader?\" Miradine asked, she had guessed she was at least from what he'd told them so far but she wasn't confirmation since it was the first time she heard of a Being like that. Not even the records of the ancient war the Prophet had mentioned an empress of the Swarm so this was completely new information to her and the Prophet, she suspected, wasn't aware of that information either \" She is the Being that holds the Swarm together, the most powerful of the Harvester Queens and the only one that hasn't participated on an attack so far.\" Sortum explained. \"She rarely moves from where she is and has barely any Ships to protect her.\" \" So if we destroy her...\" The Prophet began. \" The Swarm will most likely fall apart.\" Sortum confirmed. \"The Queens will be free from her control and they will fight against each other to fill the vacuum of power.\" \" So that will be our priority objective then\" Miradine said, excited about this new information. Her Truthseeing ability was telling her that this Being was telling the Truth so far and even the doubts she had about it working on a Swarm Being seemed to be gone, even if the being had used telepathy the Harvesters weren't the only telepaths she had used her ability on. \" However\" Sortum said. \"The Little Security she has doesn't mean she is weak at all. And there is always at least one of our fleets ready to assist her if she is attacked, plus the place she is at is not an easy place to attack and conquer for it is at the centre of the Dead Worlds. Our former Home Planet, Arxia. And she is far more powerful than any of the Harvester Queens, at least 20 times more powerful\" The Prophet observed the Being as Miradine's earlier excitement cooled down. Before it could speak the voice of General Mendvedev sounded through the comm. \"I have bad news\" The Russian General said. \"Some small fighters are descending on the planet, what do we do?\" The Prophet paused for a moment, it had activated the necessary means to be invisible to their scans but due to the state the ship was in she doubted they would be able to fool a Fighter pilot performing visual recconaissance and when they confirmed what they suspected an attack on the Martian Bases would begin. If they intercepted with their Fighters and shot them down it would be less suspicious but an attack was also likely to follow even if it was less likely than with the previous all depended on the accuracy on the Prophet's prediction of the Swarm's fear of humanity after the defeat of one of their Queens. \" It seems my people have made a move.\" Sortum spoke merely stating the facts without showing his feelings or opinions on that matter. \" They have sent Fighters to perform a visual recconaissance.\" The Prophet confirmed and the former Supreme commander seemed thoughful at this, as he spent a few seconds in silence. \" They seem to be more prudent than usual.\" He finally said. \"Normally they would have deployed the larger ships and obliterated all the beings on this Planet before taking the core's energy for themselves. Does it have to be with the disappearance of a Queen I felt recently?\" \" The inhabitants of this System have destroyed one of the Harvester Queens as well as a previous attacking force.\" The Prophet replied and Sortum nodded. \" What you are saying is really interesting. That's probably why the Supreme Commander in charge of this fleet is reluctant about launching an attack.\" Sortum said. \"Really interesting, so that was what became of the two fleets I felt.\" \" What do you suggest we do?\" The Prophet asked. \" It's likely that they will attack whatever you do.\" Sortum said confirming the Prophet's previous fears which suddenly became more real as it heard it from a former enemy. \"However I would destroy them. If you do that you will probably gain more time that if you show fear or weakness.\" The Prophet observed for a few seconds trying to detect any sign of lie or deception on his tone of features and he'd found none, but he was wearing a Biomechanical armor and what the Prophet was staring was not his real face. It then looked at Miradine who had been using her abilities for a long time and seemed not to mistrust the words of Sortum. It then looked at Lieutenant Roberts. She seemed to be nervous about the information the General had just delivered but stood firm by the door even if her first impulse was to run out the door and man the defenses. \"General take out their Fighters\" The Prophet finally said hoping that it's decision was the correct one.[Chapter 14] Well everyone Dark Cronos here with the Chapter I promised you, I know I said would publish it earlier but I spent the weekend looking after my injured ankle and I completely forgot to upload it. I hope everyone is having a fantastic 2017 so far. Now for the reviews To guest: I will develop this characters more I promise after I'm done with this arc the other one you will see more of what you want to see. We will also see if Sortum is to be trusted or not during this ark and the following ones. To Orionastro: I think your idea is nice, but we will see about that, the next chapter though I think you will like. To your second review I hope the wait was worth it. To Ragnarok666: My starcraft oneshot it's almost complete but I'm a little busy now so I don't know when I will publish it. About Sortum, yes, it could definitely be a trick, whether this swarm being knows it or not, I have not decided yet though. Chapter 13: The Battle of Mars. Rodrigo looked at the screens on the control room of the ESDHQ, observing worriedlies the image that the telescopes on Hawaii had kindly provided the ESD after they requested help when they lost contact with their bases on Mars. The last thing Rodrigo knew was that both the ancient Battleship and the \"Night Huntress\" had arrived on the martian base although he had not been able to get in contact with Carlos or any of the members of the Fighter Squadrons he commanded, the reports coming from the martian bases had calmed him down by saying everyone was alright. That calmness had been fleeting when they lost contact with the Martian bases and their radars and the telescopes around the planet showed a terrifying thing. A combat fleet of the Swarm ready to obliterate the humans from the face of Mars. Not reporting to any of his superiors about the situation, he saw no point since he knew the next logical step to take and a dicussion between David and Mitchell would have only made them lose time, he had managed to get in contact with the incoming Resistance fleet which had agreed to go to the human forces' aid and put some of the ESD's bases around the world on high alert as well as having the SETI try to make out what the full plan of the enemy if after the attack on Mars they planned to move onto Earth. Rodrigo could only pray now that his men would be alright. \"Still not able to get through to our martian forces?\" He asked one of the operators who shook his head while a female one looked at him. \"Sir, shouldn't we report this to director Levinson and General Mitchell?\" She asked. Rodrigo sighed and shook his head as he looked at his clock. It was almost seven in the morning and there was nothing else the people of Earth could do anyway but to wait. \"They are bound to come to work soon enough, let them rest.\" Rodrigo replied. \"You will get in trouble for this.\" The female operator said and he smiled. \"I knew that the moment I decided not to inform them the moment I learnt what the aliens are doing, but Earth does not have the means to reinforce our Martian forces, we are lucky that the Resistance's fleet is close enough that they can help.\" Rodrigo replied with a little edge on his voice. He knew the female operator was right but he also didn't regret the decisions he'd made during this crisis. \"However it sure it's weird.\" One of the operators mused and Rodrigo looked at the man. \"What is?\" Rodrigo said. \"I know Mars has human life as well and all and losing it would be a catastrophe yet watching them blockade another planet like that, getting ready to attack it. It's like watching a movie.\" The operator said, and despite the gravity of the situation and his own men's lives being in danger Rodrigo couldn't help but agree with him. He just hoped it was a movie where the good guys saved the day and everyone got their happy ending. He concentrated back on the screen and looked at it intently for a while until the sound of the door opening distracted him and the voices of David and Okun entered the room. He turned around to look at both scientist who remained frozen in place staring at the screens in front of them. \"What the hell!\" David said as he observed the image of the Swarm blockading Mars. \"Rodrigo what is it that I'm seeing?\" David said fairly certain of what he and Okun were seeing \"The Swarm is blockading Mars\" Rodrigo said confirming what they both saw. \"They seem to have followed the ships to the Marte 1 Base.\" \"Why didn't you report this?\" David said looking at the man. \"It didn't seem the enemy posed a direct threat to Earth, I've taken the necessary precautions to deal with them in case of an attack\" Rodrigo replied. \"And I've asked the incoming ally fleet for help.\" Okun and David looked at each other, it seemed certain that Rodrigo had things under control so far. \"I can't wait to see what cool stuff they will bring with the ship\" Okun said with his eyes shining like those of an excited 10 year old. It had been a while since David saw his colleague fully return to the way he was when he'd first met him more than 20 years ago. \"I do have a thing to report now that you are both here though.\" Rodrigo said. David and Okun looked at the spaniard. \"The radar didn't show the entrance of this fleet into our solar system, they just appeared around Mars when they began blockading it.\" Okun and David exchanged a worried glance. They'd always known that the Swarm of had mastered much faster than lightspeed travel and that their ships were always difficult to detect but they had hoped the radar which had been enhanced thanks to the Resistance's technicians would give them some kind of time to prepare in case of an attack. That it hadn't been the case with this incoming fleet was worrying. Before they could debate on it, the voice of Mitchell resounded through the control room. \"Someone explain to me why I haven't been able to give a convincing explanation to the Secretary General of the United Nations and the members of the Security Council on why I haven't reported that Mars was under attack!\" The american military officer shouted as he entered the room. Rodrigo sighed and proceeded to turn towards his commanding officer to whom, he guessed, he owed an explanation. (((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) The Prophet and Miradine told the members of Scorpion and Legendary squadrons as well as General Mendvedev, Sokolov and Williams the information that their unexpected ally had relayed to them, there was a good quantity of the skepticism on their faces as they listened to them and Mendvedev seemed pissed that the Prophet had based it's suggestions on how to deal with the enemy Fighters on a suggestion from a former Harvester Supreme commander. It was true that when the Fighters had taken care of the enemy Fighters the enemy fleet had remained content to remain on it's position, taking their sweet time before launching an attack. When both the Prophet and Miradine had finished the story Patricia Whitmore was the first of the group to speak. \"So he's told you he was one of the Supreme Commanders of the Swarm and that he was freed from it's grip. Did he tell you how?\" She asked. Miradine shook her head. \"He claims that once he learnt the story of his race he was able to be freed from his Queen's control.\" The Princess said. \"As far as I could tell he was being sincere.\" \"But he was wearing his biomechanical armor and he was speaking with you both telepathically.\" Dylan argued. \"Are you sure he wasn't lying? You didn't have much confidence going in...\" \"However now I am.\" Miradine said a little irritated that someone would doubt the veracity of her words. \"Well I for one will put my trust on your abilities.\" Troy interceded making the Princess blush. While she was developing a good relationship with the all the members of the Fighting squadrons however she was finding herself more interested in Troy than in the others, or at least the other males of the group. She didn't know yet why. \"Destroying the enemy Fighters hasn't brought back any kind of response, however the enemy is still blockading the enemy Planet and we still have not begun the repairs on the ships.\" He added pulling the Princess back into reality \"It would not be wise to do so yet Captain\" The Prophet said. \"They are monitoring our activity and perhaps even our communications between our bases and inbase coms as well. I'd rather they do not get a confirmation of what they at least suspect.\" \"That's seems fair.\" General Mendvedev said. \"If what you say it's true those beings fear us and won't risk an attack on our forces if they cannot get what they want, it's better to leave them with the doubts for the time being. According to our calculations it is most likely that the allied fleet will arrive here in four hours. If we can last that long we will have more of a fighting chance.\" \"Surely they have detected the fleet at the same time we did. That's why I believe that whatever they do, they will do so within the next two hours. Whether they retreat or attack, there is 95% probability they will do so within this time frame.\" The Prophet said. \"I guess we better get prepared then for the worst case scenario.\" Carlos said. He looked at General Mendvedev Captain Sokolov and Lieutenant Williams. \"Do your pilots have any kind of special gear in case they have to bail out during planetary battles?\" He asked rather needlessly, he knew that aside from when the personnel was inside the base or inside the ships they always wore armors and protective gear that allowed them to survive outside on the harsh martian atmosphere. \"We do, Lieutenant Roberts, guide our guests to the pilot lockers and give them some of our spare flight suits\" The Lieutenant saluted her superior. \"Sir\" She said. \"Follow me Colonel.\" She added as stepped out of the room with the members of Scorpion and Legendary squadrons following her. The General looked at Miradine. \"I know that our coms are down and the ancient battleship's are too but what about your ship?\" He asked. \"My crew has been trying to find a way to contact the incoming fleet ever since they began blocking our coms but it seems they have not had luck yet.\" Miradine reported. \"Hopefully Earth has noticed that there is something wrong going on and are trying to get them to help us.\" Mendvedev said. \"So it seems talking to our \"Guest\" was at least a little bit worth it since we have info that we didn't have before and you didn't either. However if a way to destroy these beings, these Swarm or Harvester Beings or whatever you want to call them, is to destroy their \"Empress\" we still have a long way to go.\" \"This fight has been going on for many millenia.\" The Prophet said agreeing with the General. \"It took that long for any race to win against them much less to kill one of their Queens. A few years ago the prospect of continuing the war much longer would have terrified me.\" The Princess and the General looked at her. \"However now I think it'll be worth to walk all that way to victory. Don't you general?\" The princess chuckled and the general had the shadow of a smile on him. \"I said we had a long way to go. But I always liked challenges.\" He replied and motioned to Sokolov to follow him. \"Excuse me now but I have to make sure our bases are ready to kick those sons of bitches out of Mars. ((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) General Mendvedev observed the enemy fleet for at least half an hour as it showed on the main radar screens. It seemed to him that the harvester beings were too quiet on their part. He did trust the Prophet's assessment of them beginning to act before long however their actions so far puzzled him. With their Forces and resources they could easily send more than the fighters or attackers they had sent to scan a planet like Mars. No matter if that Sortum, that thing, the Prophet liked to think of as a potential ally said it was because they are being prudent and the Prophet thought so as well. The Harvesters were alsp called the Swarm by the rebels for a reason which .the General didn't have to think much to guess why that was the first time he'd heard that name. They attacked in great numbers and left nothing but death and destructions in their way, he didn't think that was achieved by being too cautious. \"It can be just my imagination.\" He mused to himself and Sokolov threw him a look, he had barely heard what his superior had said and wondered if he had an order for him. It was clear that he didn't like to wait for the enemy to attack. General Mendvedev was about to wave him dismissively until another thought appeared on his head. \"But what if it's not?\" He turned around and looked at the radar operator. \"Do you know the area where our Fighters intercepted theirs?\" He asked and the radar operator nodded. \"They were coming from the North, we intercepted them about fifty Km away from the base.\" The operator reported. The General nodded and looked at the Captain. \"Sokolov I want you to pick a group of men and head to that location, see if there are any remains of either enemy ship\" The General told him and while Sokolov seemed confused at this he saluted and obeyed. When the younger russian officer was gone the General looked at the coms operator. \"Contact the rest of the bases and tell them to do the same.\" \"Yes sir.\" The Com operator replied. \"And contact the Sphere as well, tell her we might have been fooled by our own arrogance.\" The General said. \"And to prepare to activate both ships when I give the order, I will send engineers to the Ancient Battleship to deal with any problems that could arise\" At this com operator nodded and the General returned to observing the enemy fleet, they still didn't make a move but to Mendvedev they seemed far more threatening than before. For now his suspicions were just based on his gut telling him that they were underestimating their enemy, true humanity had defeated them before but that didn't mean that they should begin underestimating a race that had obliterated whole worlds before. It was thirty minutes later when he began receiving back the reports from the men all the bases had dispatched. \"Sir Captain Sokolov is sending us a video of their findings\" The coms operator reported and the General nodded. \"Put him on the main screen\" He ordered and a few seconds later the image of his subordinate appeared. \"We have found traces of a small terrestrial device, they are too small to be a vehicle departing from the place of the wreckage. They head towards the base.\" Sokolov informed him. Mendvedev frowned it was a report eerily similar to the rest of the reports he had received, it was too much of a coincidence, definitely a pattern. \"Follow the trace, see where it leads to.\" He ordered. \"And destroy the device as soon as you see it.\" He added. It was the same order he had given the other groups as well but the feeling on his gut was growing stronger. He now knew why the enemy fleet had remained on Standby mode. They wanted time, to gather info on their enemy to prepare an effective strategy, if fear had something to do with that kind of decision making it didn't look like to Mendvedev. They had deployed the fighters as a distraction knowing the most normal reaction for the humans would be to destroy them, and then their reccon devices could act. That was bad news because Mendvedev's job a little more difficult because as long as they could only hear their communication Mendvedev could fool his enemy in a variety of ways and resist but if they had eyes on the ground and visual confirmation of their enemy's capabilities the enemy would be much harder to fool. \"Report this info to the Prophet\" The General ordered and the coms officer complied. \"Have the pilots stand by on the cockpits.\" He told another who also obeyed. ((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) The Members of \"Legendary\" and \"Scorpion\" squadrons sat on the cockpit of their fighters along with the rest of the ESD pilots stationed in Mars. There was nervousness in the air and everyone could feel it but all the pilots around the Red Planet were determined to fight to the last man, resisting until their allied fleet arrived or none of them could fly. The alarm of the base sounded and every pilot prepared their Fighters as the comm speaker gave them the briefing of the situation. \"Attention all pilots, the enemy city destroyers are deploying attackers and fighters, all pilots take off and intercept. Do not exit the atmosphere keep the battle to the planet\". Several confirmations sounded through the radio. \"Copy that\" Carlos said giving his own confirmation as leader of their flight group as they along with the rest began to take off. \"Why are they moving only their attackers and fighters?\" Charlie asked. \"Anyone of those city destroyers would be a nightmare to deal with. Their attackers and Fighters alone can be an even match for our fighters but not our bases.\" \"I suppose they want to end with our defenses first.\" Dylan replied. \"And then send their city destroyers to deal with the remnants. Pretty basic strategy.\" \"I suppose so\" Charlie replied thinking it was only the nervousness that made him doubt the enemy strategy. \"Attention fighter squadrons none of the attackers are heading for Marte 1 base they've split into several groups and are heading for the secondary bases.\" The control room informed them. \"Let the Fighters on those bases deal with them, return to base. \"Control this is Captain Morrison. What do you mean return to base? Some of those bases are still under construction and are heavily undermanned, they will need our help.\" Jake protested. \"We are aware of that fact Captain, but these are orders from the General. Return to Base now.\" The operator replied. Captain frowned and his wingmates as well, he understood that the general could think it was a distraction that as soon as the pilots of the main base had dispersed to reinforce their comrades at other places the enemy would launch a second wave to deal with them and the main base but the main base had great ground defenses in place, the other bases would be much more exposed to the fury of the attackers. Plus the enemy could see this as a sign of weakness and be much more brutal on his second wave of attacks. \"You heard him guys, return to base.\" Carlos ordered both squadrons and the fighters although his voice told them he didn't agree with the orders either. \"All pilots remain on your cockpits.\" The control room operator relayed Mendvedev's orders when the fighters returned a few moments later. \"We should be decisive on our defense why are we ordered to return to base when there is a battle going on?\" Troy asked through the radio. \"It's not that we do not want to help our comrades\" sounded the voice of the General. \"But recent events have made me determine this strategy as the best for this battle. \"Sir, I'm sorry but what is happening why have you recalled the Fighters of the main base back, we could be helping the other fighters.\" Dylan said \"Major, I'm just changing the strategy to adapt to the situation.\" Mendvedev said. \"You don't have to worry about the other bases just worry about protecting this one.\" \"How has the situation changed so that you would consider abandoning the other bases!\" Troy asked angrily. \"The enemy has confirmation that your ships are here, it's trying to make us disperse our forces so that his main force can attack this base and we have more or less two hours until the reinforcements arrive. Our only option is to defend but we can't defend all our positions.\" The General replied. \"I've been very generous explaining myself to you so far but if you continue like this I will arrest you for insubordination and have one of the substitute pilots replace you\" Troy was going to snap but Fujiko was fast to act. \"We understand General we will await your orders.\" Prompting Troy to glare at his wingmate and the General to cut the transmission. \"I wasn't done\" Troy said. \"Switch to a private comm frequency.\" Carlos said not wanting his men to get into more trouble \"I would also have liked to give him a piece of my mind myself.\" Jake admitted when no one could hear them. \"It would have been pointless\" Rain chimed in. \"None of us like it but the General's strategy makes sense.\" \"And it may not cost as many lives as you think\" Charlie added. \"Every base outside of Earth being built after the war of 2016 has a bunker that it's supposedly able to resist the firepower of a City Destroyer thanks to so pretty powerful ships. I'm sure the General has ordered the ground personnel to evacuate and take refuge inside those.\" He said showing once again why he had been one of the youngest people to graduate from the academy, he always liked to read about things and learn things even if those were outside his field of expertise. \"I believe this one has at least two of those built when they modernized it.\" \"But what about the fighters?\" Patricia asked. \"They are being sacrificed like pawns.\" She had flashbacks towards the failed attempt on the mothership launched by many ESD pilots last year which had resulted on the deaths of most of them. While their situation had been different as there had been nothing the ESD could have done then to get to them and save them in time and the sacrifice had been their choice she didn't like doing nothing while her fellow pilots died. \"That's enough!\" Carlos said ending the conversation. \"Our orders have been given. Stop complaining.\" He ordered but all of them knew it was because he didn't want to talk about the comrades who were probably dying in that very moment even if he agreed with his wingmen. After that they all turned to the general channel to hear the Prophet talking through it with the control tower. \"... Captain Miradine and I have been able to at least repair and keep online the weapons systems, we won't be able to fly yet but our weapons will serve as good anti-aircraft defenses.\" It was explaining. \"Have you returned to talk with that thing? what he told you seems to have been a trap.\" Mendvedev said, anger present on his voice. \"We believe that since he has spent several centuries in cryo-suspension he could be unaware of his people's tactics. Even if he still has a connection with them I think it is likely that the Swarm kept their strategy from him.\" The Prophet replied in it's usual monotone voice. \"We will interrogate him again soon.\" It added before the General could reply. \"Good\" The General's voice sounded. \"It's clear that this is not the general comms channel\" Carlos told the rest and they returned to adjust their frequencies, it was clear that both the General and the Prophet had noticed them eavesdropping on their private conversation but they had said nothing they didn't already know so they figured they wouldn't since it had also been an accident. \"This is control\" The voice of one of the operators said as they found the good frequency. \"Two city destroyers are heading towards the planet\" the operator this time a female said. \"All fighters ready to scramble and intercept.\" Just as she finished the alarms went off again and in a matter of seconds the H8s were on the air ready to kick some alien ass. It wasn't hard for them to notice the enemy City destroyers as they could be seen about fifty miles away from the base with their huge shadows looming over the red martian desert and two swarms composed of attackers and fighters received the defenders. Soon the ESD's forces were dispersed and fighting the enemy ships which heavily outnumbered them. The Battle was ferocious and the shouts of joy and cries for help as well as the orders from the flight leaders, squadron leaders and the Marte 1 control room, which made most of the pilots realize the superior officer had used another channel to give orders to their comrades fighting on the other fronts, perhaps to prevent the pilots from hearing the massacre be demoralized by it. Jake and Dylan formed up after the two of them had destroyed a few of the enemy Fighters and headed for a group of the slightly larger attackers that were headed for Marte 1. Noticing their presence, two of them broke away from the one taking point on their formation prompting Dylan and Jake to follow their point. The attackers rather predictably took positions behind them. Both Dylan and Jake smirked as before the enemy could even try to shoot them down they were shot down them selves by Rain and Patricia who had also noticed the group of attackers and had also moved to intercept, the enemies inside the third attackers noticed their escorts were gone and tried to take evasive maneuvers but both Dylan and Jake blew them out of the sky before they could escape. \"Good Job!\" Dylan exclaimed. \"The next time you could ask for help you know\" Patricia said as they all returned to the fight. \"Nah we knew you were locked onto them.\" Jake replied as they saw a H8 taking out an attacker while he was pursued by three fighters with two H8s trying to get them off their wingmate. They knew who the pilot of the H8 was when his voice sounded through the radio. \"Guys could you get them off me already I'm not sure for how long I will be able to keep playing mouse with these three fighters.\" He said in a slightly panicked way. \"Calm down\" Troy told him from one of the H8s trying to help him \"We are on it\" Fujiko added as Rain accelerated and broke away to help her boyfriend as well. Meanwhile Dylan, Jake and Patricia formed a three man formation and tried to reach the approaching city destroyer, ending any of the enemies in their way. It wasn't long before Carlos and Isabel joined them. \"We are getting destroyed here.\" Isabel told them. \"Those things keep pouring out of those city destroyers.\" Certainly it was, the main base at Mars had at most about 75 combat ready H8s and the ESDs researchers had not been able to know how many small aircraft could a city destroyer carry, the human forces that had fought the harvester aliens on the desert during the war of '96, had faced against at least 500 attackers and even more had been found in the wreckage of that ship after it had gone down. Which meant no matter how many enemies a pilor shot down, it seemed that there was always another one to replace it. \"New orders all remaining Fighters are to retreat towards the base and get the enemy at least within ten miles of it.\" A male comm operator told them. \"I repeat get the enemy within ten miles of our base.\" \"How the hell are we supposed to do that!\" Charlie said. \"We will have to get out how we can\" Carlos said but even he wasn't confident even ten percent of their remaining forces would be able to survive, the H8s shields were powerful but he too much concentrated fire power would mean they would be shot down just like the F-18s had during the war of 96. And so 45 H8 came out of the swarm of enemy Fighters forcing the their ships engines to the max which could be dangerous even if several improvements had been made to prevent problems like the one that had taken Colonel Hiller's life. The Pilots kept their distance from one another preventing that their enemies could concentrate all their fire power on a single group of Fighters. However before they reached the ten miles which was a little under a minute, 10 more fighters had been shot down leaving their numbers down 35. When they got the enemy to the designated location, the Bases anti-aircraft guns began to destroy the enemy's Attackers and Fighters. The ESD had spent years developine all kinds of weapons to fight against the threat of the Swarm/Harvesters and while some of it had been ineffective in 2016 they had continued to improve it with the new knowledge they had gained. This didn't go unnoticed by the enemy who recalled their fighters back to the city destroyers while the H8s took the offensive again paying the alien backs for their fallen comrades but quickly restarted their flight once they saw the City Destroyers approaching. \" The enemy City Destroyers are approaching.\" Carlos reported. \" Your orders are to get out of the way.\" The operator replied. \"Don't stand between the City destroyers and the base and stand by for more orders.\" \"Roger that\" Carlos said as the remaining H-8 dispersed. Just as no one was on the way the Marte 1 base's main guns shot at one of the city destroyers. The enemy ship had it's shields up but eventually the human's firepower overcame their shields and the enemy ship began going down. Not willing to take much damage to the base the second main gun shot the damaged city destroyer as well and a huge explosion took place with half of the city destroyer blowing up and falling to the ground a few miles away from the base. The second city destroyer however continued it's course unperturbed by the loss of the other one. Soon it was positioning itself just over the ancient battleship the main objective of that mission. \"Marte 1, the enemy is preparing to attack.\" Carlos said although he was sure everyone at the base had realized that. \"We will move to engage again.\" \"Colonel wait\" the voice of the Prophet sounded through the radio. \"I will take care of this one.\" It said and the next thing Carlos Knew was that the Ancient Battleships main cannons all pointed at the enemy ship, positioning themselves almost vertically and shot at the enemy's open belly blowing it completely up and making it disappear without a single trace of it being ever there left behind, although some burning parts still fell around the base and beyond. \"Clearly the repairs of the weapon's systems are going well\" Carlos thought to himself as he chuckled. A few seconds laters the Night Huntress followed suit and blew the downed remnants of the first City Destroyer, ending the first attack on the Marte 1 base. \"All Fighters return to land and prepare for a possible round 2\" Mendvedev said over the radio. Those words however were spoken without the Knowledge that the battle of Mars had come to an end. ((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) General Mendvedev observed on the screen as the alien ships began to move on the red planets a few seconds after the two City Destroyers were completely obliterated. It was clear that the enemy was done playing and that they were ready to end the battle now. The russian general gritted his teeth as he checked what they had to repell this all out attack. He stopped himself, whatever he had it was not enough. It's fighter forces had been obliterated on all other bases and severely damaged on this front. His men at the other bases were hidden on the Security bunkers awaiting his instructions to come out but it was definitely too late to completely evacuate Marte one. He'd had some of the personnel he'd deemed not essential for the defense of the base already at the refuge but most of them were still outside. \"Sir\" One of the operators reported. \"More ships are entering Mars's orbit.\" Mendvedev looked at the operator and then at the clock. It was supposedly more than an hour early for their reinforcements to arrive, but could it be? Slowly he turned towards the screen again hoping that their salvation had come.[Chapter 15] Well Finally Chapter 14 is here! I know it has been an awfully long time since I updated this story and for that I'm sorry to all of you! Believe me when I say that I wanted to update, but after my leg got better I experienced a kind of writer's block with this story leaving this chapter unfinished and I just couldn't finish it because I wasn't happy with the way it was looking to the point that this chapter has been completely rewritten just this week. However it was never my intention to abandon this story and luckily the block has been overcome so here is the New Chapter I hope you enjoy! For the Reviews: Guest: I'm sorry you've had to wait this long I hope you can forgive the late Update. I will try to update more regularly, I'll try to make it biweekly again, but I promise nothing. Thank you for your Patience and for the \"Get well soon\" review Dr White: Thank for your review and for showing concern about my leg. I'm really glad you like the story and I hope you'll continue to read it. Don't worry it's not my intention to drop it. .31: I'm glad you read the prologue I hope you liked the rest of the story as well. Xahraxs: Your Idea wouldn't have been a bad way to use the City Destroyer but do not worry, the City Destroyers are amazing but the Ancient Battleship is and will be even more amazing Chapter 14: New Arrivals It had been a while since Mendvedev had actually lost faith in the way the battle was going for them. Just like his comrades in Rhea he thought for a few moments he was sure the Martian Base was done for. But it seemed that he and the men, women of the ESD and aliens from the Resistance staying there would live to fight another day. Looking at the radars and screens that showed the enemy fleet blockading the planet what he saw brought a big relieved smile to his face. Several ships, some of them similar to the Night Huntress that was landed on his base, some others were just bigger and some others completely different. From some of the largest ships on the incoming fleet several smaller ships, surely fighters, came out. The form reminded him of one of the American stealth bombers, the B-2 \"Spirit, but this fighters were smaller and a different color, metallic grey. \"Shall we report this to the rest of the base?\" An operator relief clear on her face as well asked him and Mendvedev nodded. \"Do we scramble the Fighters to help our allies?\" \"It doesn't seem they need our help, and we've suffered enough casualties as it is.\" Mendvedev replied and the operator nodded proceeding to report the situation to all hands at the base as well as the rest of the bases. None of the operators asked him any more questions as they all were entranced by the image of their allies engaged in battle against the Harvester fleet. The surprise brought about by the arrival of the new fleet could be felt in the way the Colony Ship, City Destroyers, Fighters and Attackers took some time to react to the attack something the Resistance fleet took great advantage of, destroying three city destroyers before the Harvester fleet could reorganize at prepare a new defense against the newcomers. However it seemed that it didn't matter, the Resistance fleet's furious attack continued to deal huge amounts of damage to the enemy and Mendvedev could tell that it was because the Resistance fighters' determination to end the Swarm beings. Such determination had surely been felt by the enemy leader since after just 20 minutes of battle and several casualties inflicted by the Resistance the Colony ship and City destroyers began to try to retreat their earlier intentions of the destroying the humans in the red planet below. Then he saw the relief on his subordinates faces. He also admired how their allies didn't let their victory distract them, not until the enemy was either fully routed or destroyed. It took about fifteen minutes more of hard fought battle until the enemy left the system. It was then that the room erupted into cheers and an operator reported it to the rest of the base. Mendvedev smiled, it seemed that the Martian base's personnel would live to fight at least another time. The communication's operator looked at the General. \"Sir we have a transmission from the allied command ship, they said their leader Admiral Marduk is coming down to the Planet.\" The operator reported. \"A shuttle is coming down from the allied fleet towards us sir\" The Radar operator confirmed. \"Inform the Prophet.\" Mendvedev told the operators. \"I will go and greet our guests.\" (((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) As the allied shuttle landed several meters in front of them Mendvedev looked at the Prophet. The Round Metallic Sphere had warned that the leader of the allied fleet, Admiral Marduk, was a very proud Orwegian warrior not above showing contempt for those he considered unworthy. Taking into account that the Prophet was favoring the human race it was likely that and that the Admiral was the Orwegian Leader's younger brother the Prophet had warned him that he should not expect an attitude like that of Zarhok, his respect was almost impossible to get even for the worthiest of races, it had said. For the sake of diplomacy and unity within the Resistance the Prophet had asked him to deal with him patiently and let it do most of the talking. It had also asked Mendvedev to keep the Harvester being a secret for the time being. \"Under the condition that you let me interrogate it before you depart for Earth.\" Mendvedev had said. \"I won't have that thing reaching Earth if I have the slightest doubt of where do its true loyalties lay.\" \"It's understandable General.\" The Prophet had agreed to the terms. \"As I told you I also wanted to interrogate him again soon it's in everyone's interest that this Harvester being can be trusted.\" It added and the general had nodded in agreement glad that the Prophet and him were on the same page at least on that matter The sound of the shuttle's ramp descending and touching the ground snapped Mendvedev out of his thoughts as a group of aliens dressed in suits and with helmets that would allow them to breathe appeared. The color was the same as Captain Miradine and the rest of the Resistance Fighters. \"Welcome to Mars\" Mendvedev spoke courtly. \"On behalf of every men and woman stationed on this post I would like to thank you for your assistance.\" The Orwegian ignored the human as he thought the General was not worth talking to, instead he began speaking with the Prophet without translator on making it only possible for the Orwegians in his group, which were most of them, except a less tall much thinner woman, most likely Miradine's sister and a small group of members of only Resistance members. \" I have to say I didn't want to go out of our way but I was curious to see how the race you put so much confidence in was. Then again Karadine threatened to report to the council my refusal to come to your aid after your repeated calls for it, it seems you and your pets have gotten lucky this time.\" The Orwegian began to say. \"They are certainly not fit to join the Resistance much less lead it like you seem to be hoping they will.\" \" My judgement is not wrong Marduk. Even if it was, this is not the place not the time to discuss it\" The Prophet chastised the Orwegian warrior. \"You have arrived to one of the planets of another species and it is unbecoming of someone as noble as you claim to be not to greet them at least.\" Marduk turned his attention towards Mendvedev who was talking courtly with Captain Karadine. The Princess had a small smile on her face and was handling the diplomatic greetings really well, but in the end he knew that the Prophet was right and that he should at least greet the man before him and let the princess know her place. He had been the one assigned by the council to lead the mission and he should be the one \"I am Marduk, leader of the fleet that has just saved you and your people\" he spoke making sure the contempt he felt for humanity was crystal clear. General Mendvedev observed the Orwegian. \"Thanks for the help\" The General said trying to concentrate on the fact that the alien had indeed saved him and not the tone of his words. \"Do you wish your ships to land so that we can make any of the necessary repairs after the battle?\" \"It won't be necessary we just want to escort the Night Huntress and be on our way to your planet.\" The General spoke simply. \"When will the ship be ready?\" \"We are conducting repairs on both the Night Huntress and the ancient Battleship, it will take a while.\" The Prophet replied. \"That battleship is different that your previous ship\" Marduk merely observed, \"I will send some people to speed the repairs up.\" \"This ship's primary purpose was different than my previous, plus the other one was more modern\" The Prophet explained. \"As for the repairs It will be sufficient with the personnel I already have working on it, people from the base and the Night Huntress' crew thanks for the offer.\" \"How long will the repairs take with the personnel you already have working on the ships? I refuse to stay on this Dustball more than it is necessary.\" Marduk replied. \"Then perhaps you should go on ahead with the rest of the fleet sir.\" Karadine spoke. \"My crew and I will remain here with our ship until the repairs on both the Prophet's ship and the Night Huntress are done.\" The Orwegian looked at the Natrolean princess and then at the human and the Prophet. Finally he nodded. \"You do that. There are many things to do once I arrive on Earth and I can't afford to waste time on one of its colonies.\" He then looked at Mendvedev. \"If you and your men had any pride as warriors you would have died fighting until no soldier remained standing. Although I suppose I should be glad of your uselessness thanks to it I've been able to enjoy a brief battle with the enemy, letting them taste the fury of the Orwegian race.\" With that, Marduk turned around and left followed by several members of the Resistance, most of them Orwegians. \"Well I can't say it was a pleasure meeting him\" Mendvedev said. \"Marduk is a proud member of the Orwegian species, some people might say that he is too proud, to the point that he looks down on every member of the Resistance that is not Orwegian\" The Princess replied before she looked at the Prophet. \"It's very good to see you again I was dismayed to learn of what happened to your first ship.\" She spoke with the same respect and even reverence. \"Thank you Princess Karadine.\" The Prophet spoke. \"Of course my crew and I will be very happy to help with the repairs of both the Night Huntress and the Ancient Battleship although I want to know something first. \"What is it?\" The Prophet asked. \"What does it seem you were hiding something from the Admiral?\" The princess asked, there were no accusations on her voice just simple curiosity. If the Prophet could smile outwardly it would, even without using their truth seeing abilities the Natroleans were without a doubt a perceptive species. \"Come with us Princess. There is someone we want you to meet.\" It said as it began to move towards the Ancient Battleship with the Admiral and the Princess in tow. ((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) Miradine rejoined the members of the Legendary and Scorpion squadrons after the battle. They all seemed to be uninjured and the Princess was glad because of it. She scanned her human friends and smiled noticing that none of them were really hurt or killed even if the battle of Mars had brought many casualties for the Harvester aliens it had certainly not been an easy one on anyone. \"I'm glad to see that you are all fine.\" She said as she approached the group. \"You too\" Dylan replied. \"I have to say without the support of the base's main guns, the Night Huntress and the Ancient Battleship we would have been killed during the battle.\" \"I'm glad I could be of assistance.\" Miradine spoke sincerely. \"But the Resistance Fleet have been the true saviors of the day\" Jake said and Charlie nodded enthusiastically. \"You will be able to thank one of the leaders of said Fleet when you see her I believe my sister has gone with the General and the Prophet to meet the Harvester Being that is on the Ancient Battleship.\" \"Your sister\" Troy asked. \"She is here already? Why aren't you going to greet her? You guys must have not seen each other in a while right?\" \"We will see each other later. She is with the Prophet and General Mendvedev, probably being introduced to our \"friend\"\" She replied. \"What about the Orwegian who lead the fleet? Are they going to show the Harvester being to him as well?\" Charlie said. \"Didn't you hear the Prophet? It didn't like the idea of the said Orwegian learning about what we found on the Ancient Battleship.\" Rain reminded her boyfriend. \"But he will learn about it eventually. That we have found a Harvester being and that we think it means us or the Resistance no harm.\" Patricia said \"Admiral Marduk is far less reasonable than general Zarhok.\" Miradine said. \"I believe that if Sortum, that's this swarm being's name, is an ally the Prophet would only let Marduk know about the Swarm being when it thinks Marduk won't harm him. I believe the Prophet will even talk with General Mitchell before it reveals the truth to Marduk, plus it is possible Marduk will be already gone when we reach Earth. If I'm correct he will probably think you humans are not worth his time he will want to spend as little time as possible on your planet.\" \"Wow that Marduk is a bigger ass than Mitchell?\" Charlie asked and Carlos glared at him. \"What? It's true General Mitchell is an ass!\" the young pilot defended. \"True as it may be he is still your superior so I recommend you don't take to call him that in Public. You will be caught eventually\" Carlos said. \"Yes sir\" Charlie said and the members of both squadrons laughed at his chastised expression. Miradine however seemed lost in thought and didn't join in the laughter. \"What's the matter?\" \"It's just, some of the prediction or counsel the Harvester Being told us didn't help us much.\" Miradine said. \"It seems the General and the Prophet seem to be doubting that he is truly an ally and the Prophet told me the General wanted to interrogate him again.\" \"Well he has been asleep for many years it is not weird that his species has learnt a trick or two in his absence. I can understand why they would want to interrogate him again.\" Dylan told her while Troy was able to realize what was bugging his friend. \"Even if he has lied to us don't you go thinking it is your fault\" Troy said. \"I mean it was the first time you interrogated one of its kind.\" \"But if he was lying and I failed to see it…\" Miradine tried to argue. \"Look this is a war, the casualties suffered during this battle are not your fault.\" Rain told the princess kindly. \"And you wouldn't be the first one to be fooled by an enemy agent either.\" Dylan assured her. \"So stop thinking like that.\" \"If you so wish we could go to the Ancient Battleship and see how the second interrogation goes.\" Troy said. \"I mean I don't think you are trying to stop blaming yourself no matter what we say.\" He added as he realized there was some relief on Miradine's face but that she still clearly felt responsible. \"But you are blaming yourself before you know the truth, perhaps he didn't really know what the Swarm, the Harvester beings, would do.\" He explained and Miradine nodded as she and the group began to walk towards the Ancient Battleship. Just as they reached the exterior of base's hangars with everyone putting their helmets back on they observed as a frigate almost identical to the Night Huntress was landing at the other side of the Ancient Battleship. \"Just one ship?\" Isabel asked. \"And the rest of the fleet?\" \"They are probably on route to Earth by now.\" The princess told the pilots. \"That's the \"Spirit of Natrole\", my sister's ship.\" She explained. \"She will remain here until we go back to Earth.\" ((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) After a brief explanation to Princess Karadine about the Harvester being found on the ship who they believed to be an ally, which explained perfectly why they didn't want Admiral Marduk or his subordinates near the Ancient Battleship for the time being. She also agreed to help them determine if Sortum had been lying to them or not although it was clear from her face that she was determined to point out even the smallest lie on the Harvester being's story and that she wasn't pleased with the possibility of a Harvester being actually being an ally. \" Sortum\" The Prophet spoke as it, General Mendvedev and Princess Karadine entered the room the Harvester being was at. \"We have to talk.\" \" I sense you have pushed my race out of this Planet's orbit. It seems I underestimated your abilities.\" Sortum spoke calmly. \"It seems you left your other companion elsewhere. These two are new faces\" he added. \"The female's eyes are similar to those of your previous companion though. They shine as bright as hers.\" \" We shot the enemy Fighter Ships like you recommended.\" The Prophet said not bothering to introduce the Princess and the General. \"But it seemed to be a trap.\" \" And you wonder if I lead you into that trap. The answer is no.\" Sortum replied simply. The Harvester being was not angry at the accusation and didn't seem nervous that the Prophet and his allies suspected him. \"I didn't do it, I've got no reason to do so.\" He argued. \"My race considers me a traitor, they will eliminate me whether I help them now or not.\" The Prophet looking at Karadine, the younger Natrolean Princess' power weren't as powerful as those of her sister, Miradine's truth seeing powers were powerful enough that they could be considered unique even amongst the Natroleans, but they were not weak either, and so far like her sister before her she seemed to think that the Harvester being was telling the truth. \" Then you didn't know that the Fighters they sent down to scout were just a part from their plan and that when they were shot down, some kinds of terrestrial mini robots came out of their remains to conduct reconnaissance on our bases?\" Mendvedev asked. \" I was aware of the possibility of them using the devices\" The being admitted. \"Back when I served the Swarm it was really rare for us to use it though. And the terrestrial reconnaissance devices you speak of were normally deployed from a city destroyer launched via pods towards the surface of our target planet. Definitely not from the burning remains of a Fighter or an Attacker\" \"He speaks the truth\" Karadine told the Prophet and the General. \"Like my sister I cannot find a single proof that he has deceived you.\" \" At least your other companion had the decency to make sure I understood her when she spoke.\" Sortum said in an offended manner and the Princess glared at the Harvester being. \" I'm sorry\" Karadine spoke in a manner that the Harvester Being could understand \"I said it's very likely that you are telling the truth.\" \" Lying to you is not to my benefit, so I'd rather not do so\" Sortum replied matter-of-factly. \" Thank you for answering our questions Sortum.\" The Prophet spoke as it turned around to leave the room with the Princess and and the General following her along with the guards usually posted outside that had entered with them. Once they had left the room where the Harvester being was confined the General looked at Karadine. \"Are you sure he is telling the truth?\" He asked still having his own doubts. \"Like I'm sure my sister pointed out to you, we've got no experience trying to discern the truth when talking with a Harvester being.\" Karadine replied. \"Still I believe he is not lying.\" \"See Miradine you were not wrong\" Troy's voice sounded as the General, Karadine and the Prophet noticed the older Natrolean Princess approaching them with the members of Legendary and Scorpion squadrons in tow. \"It's good to see you Mira\" Karadine greeted her older sister and the older princess nodded and smiled at her. \"You too Kara\" Miradine replied. \"So you have not been able to see any lies in the Harvester being's story\" \"No\" Karadine admitted making her sister sigh in relief. \"See I told you it was possible the Harvester girl wasn't lying\" Troy spoke prompting Karadine to look at the group of people who were with her sister \"Who are they?\" She asked curiously, it was clear her sister had a good relation with the group, they seemed to be her friends which was weird because she had rarely seen her sister interact that way with members of other races and maybe not even with other members of her race either, her older sister was normally all business after all. \"They are the member of Scorpion and Legendary Squadrons, two of the best Fighter Squadrons the human have amongst their ranks. \"I see pleased to make your acquaintance\" Karadine spoke \"I'm Karadine, Princess of Natrole and Miradine's younger sister.\" \"How much younger?\" Charlie asked prompting some glares from almost every female around him. \"I'm just asking because she does not seem all that much younger…\" He added making it worse and yelped in pain as his girlfriend stepped on his foot to stop him from screwing things up any further. Karadine chuckled, she could immediately see why her sister liked this kind of people, or at least found them curious enough to stick around them. \"I'm her younger twin sister\" Karadine replied prompting the others to smile. The Prophet and the General observed the exchange in silence until Karadine noticed them again. \"I wish we could talk more but I did promise my crew would help with the repairs on the Night Huntress and this ship, I should be getting to the Spirit of Natrole to give my orders.\" \"I should also go back to the Night Huntress\" Miradine said \"To oversee the repairs.\" She agreed. \"Well when you both are done we will be by the base's mess hall if you want to join us.\" Troy said and Karadine didn't miss the small blush that crept up her sister's face as this man spoke, it seemed she was interested in him in a way other than a friend. She smiled inwardly as she thought of the endless possibilities of teasing this new development brought. \"Is that ok sir?\" Troy then asked the General who nodded. \"You and the rest of the pilots deserve a good rest after the battle.\" The General admitted \"But would it be alright if we asked you go on a last mission before you do rest? I would like you to escort the transports I will send to the rest of the bases to pick up the survivors. I am aware that it's unlikely we will find any Harvester Attacker or Fighters but still, I would like the survivors to make it here in one piece if there are.\" \"No problem sir\" Carlos said. \"We will do it. Just tell us when the transports are ready.\" \"We will see you after the mission then\" Troy told the princess as he began to walk away from the Princesses, the Prophet and the General with the rest of the squadrons. As Karadine observed the Fighter pilots walk away she chuckled as she heard Charlie comment on how easygoing she seemed compared to the first time they saw her sister only to be slapped on the back of the head by Rain. She had to say, she didn't know yet if the humans were the race of saviors the Prophet seemed to think they were but one thing was for certain they were not a boring race. \"We should go as well.\" Miradine told her reminding her of their duties, and nodding to the general and the Prophet as goodbye both princesses walked away to continue with their duty. ((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((Independence Day))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) David stood besides Mitchell, Rodrigo, Okun, Zarhok and ambassador Baasch as Secretary Johnson heard the report of the recently ended battle of Mars. He had to say that while the Secretary had been angry at the beginning of the conversation since he had not been informed about the battle and only of the retrieval of the Ancient ship and the skirmish with the city destroyers on Titan Bob had had the patience to listen without interrupting when he had been informed of why Rodrigo had made the decision not to inform anyone and the measures he had taken to make sure than in any case the Earth and the ESD would be prepared for any eventuality that could put the security of the Planet at risk. \"Well\" the secretary general spoke as everyone looked at the screen in the control room where his face was. \"It seems that in any case you were prudent enough General Quesada. However as a while as a former military officer I understand why you did what you did what you did you must understand that as a politician I like to know what my subordinates are doing from them and not other sources. \"Sir, I believe General Quesada was not wrong in what he did, even if I, myself, would perhaps have liked to be informed of the situation I believe he handled it well.\" Mitchell said. He had been strangely supportive of Rodrigo's actions and David couldn't help but think that the General was perhaps rethinking his way of doing things and of being a commander officer, he wondered if their discussion about his apparent disregard for his subordinates' lives after retrieving the ship had anything to do with it. If they had managed to make think about what he had been doing wrong as a commanding officer not only the previous day but since he arrived at the ESDHQ. \"Do not worry General I won't ask you to punish him, It's just that the next time I would like to be informed of ESD bases under attack from the ESD and not the one of the members of the Security Council.\" Bob said. \"You said that the Resistance Fleet is on the way to Earth after helping during the battle?\" \"They have reported to be on their way, they should be here soon. They've left one ship behind to escort the Ancient Battleship together with the Night Huntress on the way towards Earth\" Mitchell replied. \"Do you think they will let us keep the Ship you retrieved?\" The Secretary General asked. \"After all from the briefing about the operation I and the Security Council got it seems we've relied on them too much for the retrieval of the ship and had their aid has been vital on Mars as well. \"I believe the Resistance's High Council will adhere to whatever the Prophet wishes to do about the ship without much protest. Although I suppose will not be happy that Captain Miradine and I participated on the operation without informing them properly\" Zarhok replied. \"I'm sorry about that General\" Bob replied. \"I hope we have not gotten you in too much trouble with your superiors.\" \"In the end it was for a good cause secretary general, Humanity is now a part of the Resistance and their acquisition of the ship is in the end beneficial for our cause.\" Zarhok said dismissively \"Most of them anyway.\" The Secretary General nodded. \"It certainly will help our common cause. Dr Okun I trust that the Prophet and you yourself will involucrate yourselves in the study of this ship so that we will be able to incorporate some of its technology to improve our future Space Navy.\" \"Of course, Mr Secretary\" Okun replied. \"I can only speak for myself but I believe the Prophet will agree to help us, after all the study of the ship was one of the purposes of the mission.\" \"Mr Secretary, there is also the issue of the damages to the Martian Bases.\" David said. \"We've yet to receive the report but I don't think most of the bases came out of this battle intact.\" \"What you are saying is?\" The Secretary General asked. \"I know that the Chinese are in the middle of completing the construction of a group of Space Dreadnoughts to send towards Mars and the Moon. I suggest we prioritize the repairs of the bases around Mars for now an.\" \"I agree with Director Levinson\" Mitchell said surprising David who despite Mitchell's attitude during the whole meeting, composed and without shouting or offending anyone and even supportive of his subordinate, had expected the General to disagree just because it was David's plan \"They are not going to like it, they still consider the Bases on the Moon their Bases even if the personnel is all ESD personnel and they will be controlled by the ESD but I'll see what I can do.\" The Secretary General said \"Thank you sir\" David said still giving Mitchell a sideways glance and wondering if the General was really on the path to change. \"Not a problem Director\" Bob replied. \"Are you ready for your little trip ambassador?\" He then asked looking at Ambassador Baasch. \"I am sir. I will represent the interest of humanity as well as I can.\" The Ambassador replied. \"Then I can rest assured, you are one of our best diplomats I've ever known after all.\" The Secretary General said with a chuckle before something off screen got his attention and the voice of an assistant reminding him of another meeting sounded in the background. \"Well gentlemen I will leave you to your job now.\" He said as the screen cut to black leaving the group of men and the alien staring at it. \"Does humanity have space Dreadnaughts?\" Zarhok asked, his voice clearly showing that he didn't like not knowing of the fact before and the fact that they had seemingly lied to him when they told him that the only large ships Humanity had were shuttles and that they could spare no ships for the mission. A dreadnaught would have helped a lot after all. \"We had, China developed them during the time between the Wars of '96 and 2016, we haven't seen one in a while though. Those dreadnaughts are construction ships China discontinued their production shortly before the war, in fact I heard the Russians protested the move a lot since that decision affected the speed over which they could build their base in Jupiter which wasn't finished when the Chinese made such a move. I had no idea they were building those again, they've certainly not been used much after the war. \"They weren't, they've began to build them again just recently\" Mitchell was the one to reply and that was enough for Zarhok to accept that his human allies had not lied to him, from what he was hearing it seemed that some of them didn't even know such ships still existed plus it seemed such ships were still under construction. \"I didn't know you were aware of that Director Levinson.\" \"The head of the ESD in China told me, he also told me that they were looking at creating a militarized version for combat in space. At your request of Johnson's I suppose\" Levinson replied, his tone was not accusatory but certainly it showed he wasn't pleased that, like the Secretary general about the battle of Mars, he had not been informed of this by the people working with him that knew about the ships. Mitchell however didn't say anything and didn't apologize, Okun was in fact the one to speak next, Okun who seemed to be on his own world something that had happened often when he'd begun working at Area 51 and prior to his 20 year coma. \"Space Dreadnaughts that sounds so cool\" He muttered more to himself than the rest. ","Summary":" Last thursday I saw Independence Day Resurgence and I must say that even though is not being well r"},{"Movie":"2012","Title":"Supervolcano: Singapore","Author":"Tringapore","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11722695","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Supervolcano: Singapore Before I start the story, here are a few useful definitions to take note of. Supervolcano: A volcano that is capable of producing more than 1000 cubic tons of ejecta volume. VEI 8 explosion: A volcanic explosion which ejects more than or equal to 1000 cubic kilometres oof magma Pyroclastic flow: A fast moving current of hot gas that can travel at up to 700km/h and has temperatures capable of reaching 1000 degrees Celsius. Caldera: A cauldron-like volcanic feature that occurs when a volcano collapses once it's magma chamber has been emptied. Prologue Deep inside of the earth, hot molten magma churns, waiting to surface and explode with devastating power and without warning. Singapore is a bustling port city with a population of about 5.5 million. It has grown to be one of the richest countries in the world within half a century. Most people across the world envy the prosperous island nation and its efficient government. However, deep below Singapore, a disaster is brewing. Hot molten rock is rising towards the surface, waiting to explode and unleash a disaster not seen since the colossal explosion of Lake Toba 75,000 years ago (Lake Toba is a volcano in the Indonesian island of Sumatra). The clock is ticking, and soon, the world and Southeast Asia as we know it, will change forever. Chapter 1 Tom suddenly awoke from his dreams. He thought he felt a tremor. Could it be an earthquake? Impossible, he thought. Singapore wasn't located near any tectonic plate nor was it a volcano. Maybe it was an mrt (Mass rapid transit, a train service in Singapore) train. After all, he was living near to a depot where trains went into and out of it every now and then and made a vibration when they left. Tom dismissed the tremor and went back to sleep. He had school tomorrow and needed to sleep well. \"Good morning sleepy head,\" my best friend John greeted me. \"Morning, \"I replied. I looked around the class. There seemed to be a lot of discussion happening among our class students. I asked John, \"What's going on?\" \"Dude, I didn't know you were so unobservant. Didn't' you feel the tremor last night?\" John asked I was shocked. So other people also felt the tremor? Did an earthquake happen in Indonesia? Thoughts filled my mind as I thought of what could've caused the tremor. Suddenly, Mrs Yip, our geography teacher, came into the classroom. \"Good morning Mrs Yip,\" the class said in unison before taking a seat. \"Now as you all ay have heard or felt there was a tremor last night. Now it is unclear which part of Indonesia…...\" Mrs Yip rambled on. Ah yes Geography class. One of most interesting subjects I've learnt yet it also can be one of the most boring lessons. Today we were supposed to learn about rock formation but instead, we started to relearn earthquakes again due to the tremor last night. Oh boy this is going to be a long lesson, Tom thought to himself. In the middle of the class Tom was beginning to fall asleep. He learnt this topic already and felt bored. He was about to doze off when the table began shaking. The shaking grew more intense. \"Earthquake!\" someone exclaimed. Tom knew the protocol. He instinctively hid underneath the table to protect himself from any falling debris that could fall from the ceiling. Fortunately, the quake was not strong and lasted only a few seconds. Tom emerged out of his table and heaved a sigh of relief. The rest of the class did. That was very strange, Tom thought. It was the second tremor of the day. Tom knew something was amiss. But he didn't know what. He was going to get to the bottom of this no matter what. Chapter 2 At the Earth Observatory of Singapore (EOS. It researches on earthquakes, volcanoes and tsunamis, something like the USGS), Professor David Ong was worried. He was studying the tremor that struck yesterday. He checked the location and depth. The computer gathered the data. What he saw shocked him. The computer showed: Magnitude 3.8 earthquake struck on Sunday, 21st September 2015. Location, 15km beneath Singapore near Macritchie reservoir. Impossible! Singapore wasn't located anywhere close to a tectonic plate. He double checked the data. The data showed the same thing. He called his colleague Sam. \"Sam, we have a problem.\" Doctor Sam Teo quickened his footsteps. He heard what Professor David said and was rushing to the earthquake research centre. When he reached, he quickly checked the computer data. He was also shocked. Thoughts filled his mind as to what could've caused the tremor. He could think of nothing. Suddenly he thought of Yellowstone, a super volcano located in the United States. He shrugged of the thought. That couldn't be happening in Singapore. There was no history of earthquakes or volcanoes in Singapore. The only earthquakes that could be felt was from Indonesia. Sam said to David, \"What do you think could've caused the earthquake?\" \"I'm not sure. Maybe from construction of underground mrt tunnels that could've disturbed the ground. But even so the earthquake cannot be so big,\" David replied. \"We've got to find out what is happening. The news will most probably be reporting of this incident soon and when that happens we must give the public and answer,\" David told Sam. \"Gotcha,\" Sam replied. Both of them started working to find out what caused the tremor by checking instruments and data. However, by the time they had finished sifting through the data that they had, they still had no clue. They were perplexed and were left scratching their heads. Suddenly, the alarm started screeching and they felt the ground shaking. They ducked under the table, waiting for the tremor to stop. After about 10 seconds, everything was over. They checked the seismometer and the computer. The computer showed worrying data. \"WARNING, 4.0 magnitude earthquake struck on Monday, 22nd September at 0910 hours. Depth, 20km beneath Singapore. Location, Kent Ridge Park. They were stunned. They knew immediately that this wasn't good. Something was amiss, and that something was big. They needed to get to the bottom of this, fast. Chapter 3 At the Singapore Press Holdings building (SPH, the main newspaper agency in Singapore), a flurry of activity was happening. Writers and editors were frantically pacing about trying to get feeds to the tremor incident which was felt nationwide in the early morning. Jessica Wong, an editor who was aiming to be a full-fledged journalist someday, walked into the office. She was in all smiles as she went to write her article. She had gotten a news feed from a man who felt the tremor and was busy writing when computer began moving. She held onto the computer. Jessica thought, another earthquake? About 10 seconds later, the shaking stopped. All her colleagues were in somewhat shock. However, after a while, everybody came to their senses and returned to their work. Her boss came up to her. \"Go to the EOS and talk to Professor David Ong. He appears to have some leads on this incident,\" her boss said. Jessica obeyed and went to the EOS. She had some questions of her own as well. Chapter 4 Jessica arrived the Nanyang Technological University (NTU) and headed to the EOS office. There she asked to meet Professor David Ong, but was told that he was busy. Jessica couldn't wait. She asked for his office number but was told to wait. Jessica became impatient and demanded to see the Professor. She flashed her credentials at the staff. The staff person sighed at called Professor David Ong. After a while she put down the phone and told Jessica to take the lift to the 4th floor. Jessica thanked the staff and proceeded. When she reached the 4th floor, she looked at the staff directory to look for Professor Ong. Once she found it, she went straight to his office. She knocked at the door. \"Come in,\" a voice said. Jessica opened the door and found Professor Ong sitting at his desk staring at his computer. She sat down and immediately started to ask questions. \"Professor Ong, what could've caused the 2 tremors that we felt this morning?\" Jessica asked. \"Well, we are not sure for now. You see, earthquakes are very uncommon in Singapore. Most of them are just tremors felt from an earthquake in Indonesia, but to see 2 earthquakes in 1 day that occurred in Singapore is simply baffling. Even we are at a loss as to what caused it,\" Professor Ong explained. Jessica nodded as Professor Ong went on. Just as they were done talking, Professor Ong's coffee started to sway. It was another tremor! Professor Ong didn't hesitate, he rushed to the earthquake research centre. Jessica followed. This time the quake lasted longer. When the both of them reached the room, Sam was there. \"Magnitude 4.8 David,\" Sam said. Professor Ong went to see the data as the alarm continued wailing. The computer screen showed: WARNING: Magnitude 4.8 struck on Monday, 22nd September at 1210 hours. Depth, 4km beneath Singapore. Location: Bishan mrt depot. Both Professor Ong and Sam were in shock. This was the 3rd sizable earthquake in a day. Throughout the day there had been hundreds of small earthquakes located throughout the island. Most of them were magnitudes 1 and 2 and a few magnitude 3s. Those earthquakes couldn't be felt as they were too small. But 3 large earthquakes (Magnitude 4 and above would be considered large to Singapore as the country rarely experiences earthquakes) in a day, it was mind blowing. \"Go back to SPH,\" Professor Ong told Jessica. \"We have important work to do and this concerns the very safety of Singapore. We do not want to be disturbed.\" \"Ok,\" Jessica said rather grudgingly. She had more questions to ask, and the latest tremor further added fuel to her desire to ask questions. She left the building and went back to report to her boss. Chapter 5 Feng Ting was walking along the Kallang river (it has become a canal now due to construction of barriers to prevent overflowing) She looked at the canal. The water was calm and slow moving. Now's my chance, she thought. She crossed the barrier and walked down the steps that lead to the canal. She wanted to catch fishes which were plentiful in the canal, which was illegal, but she wanted to feed her cat. She took out her shoes and carefully stepped into the water. The water wasn't deep. It barely reached her feet. Net in hand, she scanned the water for any fishes that was swimming. She spotted a school of fish swimming near a current. They were big. She smiled to herself. Now her cat could have a nice meal. She silently made her way to the fishes, trying not to make a splash that could alert the fishes of her presence. She got closer and closer before she was finally close enough to catch them. Suddenly, Feng Ting felt the ground shaking. She lost her balance and fell onto the water as the fishes swam away as fast as they could. Feng Ting tried to regain her balance as she stood up. The ground was still shaking. A crack was appearing in the ground! Out of curiosity she inched closer and closer wondering what could be in the crack. As the saying goes, curiosity kills the cat. All of a sudden a gush of boiling hot water burst out of the ground and into the sky (Similar to water that comes out from a geyser). Unfortunately, it also splashed onto Feng Ting's face. She screamed in agony. The pain was so intense. She fell onto the ground in pain as boiling hot water continued to gush out of the crack and onto her body. A passer-by saw what was happening and looked on in amazement and horror as he saw a girl being scalded by the water. He whipped out his phone and called 995 for the ambulance. The water continued gushing out of the crack for another minute or so before it stopped. The passer-by immediately rushed down to check on Feng Ting. She was still cocooned up, grimacing in pain. He tried to see the extent of her injuries. To his alarm, her face was scalded so badly that she couldn't be recognized anymore. She was steaming from head to toe due to the amount of boiling hot water that fell onto her. Sirens wailed in the distance and the ambulance arrived shortly to rush her to the hospital for treatment. Chapter 6 Tom was watching the news that night. He was joined by his sister Jennifer and his parents. He loved and admired his sister. His sister was a university student studying Geography with hopes to be a geologist at the USGS someday. That was one reason why he loved geography. He was watching the news when it was interrupted. \"We interrupt the current program to give you breaking news. A 15-year-old girl was severely injured this afternoon after hot water apparently shot out of the ground from a crack after an earthquake .The incident occurred at 1210 near the Bishan mrt depot. An eyewitness said that he saw the girl trying to catch fishes when suddenly the ground shook and a crack appeared in the ground. He went on to further say that after the tremor hot water shot out of the crack into the sky, pouring itself on the girl. Ambulance arrived shortly to take the girl to the hospital for treatment. She is said to be in critical condition and is in the ICU (Intensive care unit). Police are investigating the cause of the source of the water. Stay tuned for more breaking news.\" Tom and his family were shocked. The incident occurred close to where they lived. Tom immediately went onto his labtop to read up more about the incident. He was joined by his sister. Apparently the girl was catching fishes which was an illegal act according to the law. Tom read on. The news article further stated that the water shot up from the crack reached a height of 30 metres and lasted for about 30-40 seconds. Poor girl, Tom and his sister thought. \"Tom, you do know this incident is connected to the strange events that happened today right?\" His sister asked. \"Of course I do. And I have a bad feeling about this,\" Tom replied. The two siblings knew that what was going to happen during the next few days would not be good. They gulped. All they could hope for was for this event to end soon. However, their wish would not be granted. Chapter 7 Professor David Ong was attending an emergency meeting held by the Prime Minister(PM) Mr Peter Loh. All the important ministers and scientists were discussing about the recent strange events. They were joined shortly by the Malaysian Prime Minster. PM Loh started to speak. \"Dear ministers and scientists, you may have felt and heard about the recent abnomalies that are happening around the island. Yesterday, a 4.8 magnitude earthquake struck in Bishan and is the largest earthquake in record in Singapore. This, together with a geyser like occurrence which left a girl in the ICU, has caused widespread panic among the population. Our counterparts in Malaysia said those in Johor also felt the earthquake. What we need now are answers. Professor Ong, do you have an answer to this?\" \"With all due respects Prime minister, we have no answer as to the abnormalies. It's just too short a duration to get answers. We need more time to find out what exactly is happening,\" Professor Ong replied. \"Ok. What resources and how much time do you need to get answers?\" PM Loh asked \"Firstly Prime minister, we need more seismographs and experts who have experience in these kind of events. In fact, we need geologists from the USGS to assist us,\" Professor Ong replied. \"Fine then. I'll get the USGS to send some of their geologists here. And you can also work with Malaysian geologists too. As for the seismometers and seismographs, we'll get them to you as soon as possible,\" PM Loh answered. Chapter 8 Back at the EOS, Professor David Ong went to the earthquake research centre. He asked Sam,\" any update?\" \"Well, if you say bad news yes. Over the past 4 hours there have been 40 earthquakes of varying magnitudes. Mainly magnitudes 1 and 2 but a few magnitude 3s,\" Sam replied. \"And the locations?\" Professor Ong asked. \"Mainly beneath Macritchie and Pierce reservoirs. About 20 earthquakes there. All magnitude 1s and 2s. 2 beneath Pulau Ubin, magnitude 2.6 and 2.3, 4 at the place where the geyser appeared yesterday, 12 at the Seletar reservoirs, 2 3.2s there, and 2 magnitude 2s at Bedok reservoir,\" Sam elaborated. \"This is not good. Most of the earthquakes are beneath reservoirs. That raises the possibility that magma is rising towards the surface,\" Professor Ong said in a serious tone. \"Professor you aren't seriously thinking that Singapore is a volcano are you?\" Sam asked bewildered. \"But the recent events do raise eyebrows,\" Professor Ong replied. \"But Professor…,\" Sam was talking when the ground shook. Both of them lost their balance and fell as the alarm went off. Both of them immediately checked the seismograph and the computer. The seismograph recorded another 4.8 magnitude earthquake while the computer alarm sounded. WARNING: 4.8 magnitude earthquake struck on November 23rd 2015. Location: 10km beneath Macritchie reservoir. Professor Ong and Sam looked at each other. The previous 4.8 magnitude earthquake caused a person's death. They wondered what damage it would cause this time. Chapter 9 Sean was with his family at Macritchie reservoir for canoeing. His kids had wanted to canoe for a long time coming but Sean was busy with his work. Now that he could take leave off to spend time with his family, he thought this would be the best time to bring his kids canoeing. \"Come on kids, you have to hurry in order to canoe,\" Sean said to his children \"Coming daddy,\" his son Alex said. Sean reached the canoe renting place with his children and rented a 3-seater canoe. He could not wait to paddle around the reservoir with his children and show them the rich wildlife that inhabited the reservoir. \"Come on daddy,\" his daughter Hui Wen said. Sean put the canoe on the water and helped his son and daughter into the canoe. He started paddling across the reservoir. He pointed at the animals and trees that lined around the coast of the reservoir. Suddenly, the water around him started to ripple. Another earthquake, he thought. He didn't think much of it as he had gotten used to the shaking. However, he was just about to paddle when the water around him started to bubble. He was curious and stopped to take a look. The bubbles were getting bigger and within a split second, he and his children were thrown up nearly 60 feet into the air by a gush of boiling water. Water sprayed all over them. The three of them crashed hard on the water. His son and daughter were killed instantly by the crash. Sean lost consciousness and drowned. People who were at the café rushed out to see the spectacular geyser that erupted from the water after the earthquake. However, all of them were in shock when they saw three bodies in the sky. \"Someone call 995,\" a passer-by said. People frantically called 995 as they watched the family of three crash hard into the water. Everyone gasped. A few people wanted to go into the water to save the family of three but were stopped by other people who thought it to be too dangerous due to the boiling water that covered the area. The ambulance soon arrived. Divers were called in to try to save the family of three. However, after the divers retrieved the bodies, the bodies were pronounced as dead. Chapter 10 USGS Geologist Robby Hugh of the Yellowstone Volcano Observatory (YVO) and Steve Richardson of the Cascades Volcano Observatory (CVO) arrived at Changi International Airport. They brought along a special guest from the Japan Metrological Agency. Her name was Yui Hisagawa. She specialised in studying earthquakes and interpreting them. The 3 of them were getting their luggage and equipment when they felt a tremor. It shook the ground but was over within about 15 seconds. The 3 of them knew this wasn't good so they quickly got all their belongings and equipment and called a taxi to go to the EOS where they were needed. Nearly an hour later, they finally arrived at the EOS. They immediately asked for directions to the earthquake research centre. There they met Professor David Ong and his colleague Sam Wong. After a brief introduction the 5 of them got to work setting up the equipment and monitoring the seismograph. For about 4 hours nothing happened. Professor David Ong and Sam were baffled. Normally there'd be at least 4-5 small earthquakes by now. This just did not make sense. Suddenly, the computer lit up and the alarm sounded. Earthquake instruments measured a magnitude 4.9. The computer showed: WARNING: Magnitude 4.9 struck on November 26th 2015. Location and depth: 5.5km beneath Resorts World Sentosa. Another earthquake struck. This time it measured a magnitude 3.5 and it struck Lower Pierce reservoir. A 3rd earthquake struck. It measured 4.5 and struck Upper Pierce reservoir. All three earthquakes struck within seconds from each other. Professor Ong and Sam were shocked while the USGS and Japanese geologists were surprised. \"Damm. What have we been missing out here?\" Geologist Robby asked. \"Nothing much other than the few thousand earthquakes that have struck now,\" Sam said jokingly. \"This is a worrying sign. We must set up ground movement detectors all around the island before it's too late,\" Geologist Steve said \"Why not the 3 of you guys go while me and Sam will stay here and continue monitoring the situation?\" Geologist Yui asked. \"Great idea. In that case, let's start going,\" Steve said. Chapter 11 Professor David Ong together with the USGS geologists reached Upper Pierce reservoir. The park was almost empty apart from a few joggers. As they approached the reservoir, they noticed bubbles rising to the surface. They also noticed a dead tree that was close to the water. \"That is definitely a sign of carbon dioxide poisoning,\" Geologist Robby said. Meanwhile, Geologist Steve approached the water and gathered a few drops of water for sampling. He also placed down earthquake and ground sensors: whether the ground was rising or not. After he had finished, the three of them went to Lower Pierce reservoir. The scene there was different than at Upper Pierce. There were more people walking and fishing, oblivious to the threat that lay beneath their feet. The 3 of them ignored the people and went to do their work. They placed earthquake and ground sensors at various locations around the park. They made sure they had activated the devices before heading back to the EOS. It was at that moment when the ground shook. The shaking lasted for about 20 seconds and measured a 4.4 magnitude. Immediately after that, the water in the reservoir started to bubble vigorously. Suddenly, a gush of water shot up 100 feet into the air. Everyone that saw the spectacle were amazed. However, it was boiling water that was shooting up and it splashed onto the people who were fishing nearby. Screams were heard as people groaned in agony while they were being scalded by the water. It was chaos everywhere as people ran away from the reservoir as fast as they could. Another fountain of water erupted. Then another. And another. Soon there were 7 fountains of boiling water shooting 100 feet into the air. \"This is not good. We need to hurry and set up the equipment,\" Robby said. The 3 of them packed their stuff into their bags and hurried off to other reservoirs. Chapter 12 After 4 gruelling hours of placing seismic and ground movement detection equipment, Professor Ong, Geologist Robby and Steve were exhausted. They had felt a few tremors throughout last few hours and hoped the equipment that they had placed all around the island could help better monitor and detect earthquakes and ground movement. All around the room alarm panels were beeping at the onset of new tremors. They took note of the magnitude. So far, only magnitude 1-3s were occurring which was a good thing. Any tremor above magnitude 4 was a cause for concern as they could be felt by people. Suddenly, a different sounding alarm went off. It was the ground movement detector. It showed that there was a rise in the ground level around Macritchie and the Pierce reservoirs. The ground had risen by 10mm. Even though it was not a significant rise, it was a cause for grave concern. This showed that magma was slowly rising to the surface. \"We've got to warn the people about this,\" Sam said. \"I think a better idea would be to tell the PM and hold a discussion meeting about our next course of action. We don't want to cause panic across the island,\" Professor Ong replied. \"You guys tell the PM and hold the meeting. Robby will join you as an advisor. Meanwhile Yui and I will stay here and monitor the situation,\" Steve said. \"Ok. We'll do that. Let us know immediately if anything serious happens,\" Professor Ong replied in a serious tone. Chapter 13 Parliament was abuzz as ministers discussed the seismic matter among themselves. PM Loh motioned Parliament to be seated and began to speak. \"I'd like to bring all your attention to Professor David Ong who will be speaking about the strange events that are happening recently.\" Professor Ong began telling Parliament about the increasing seismic activity that was occurring and the ground uplifting that was happening at Macritchie reservoir. He told them of the significance of the events and that an evacuation of Singapore may be needed if there was concrete evidence of an upcoming eruption. That was when Geologist Robby came and interrupted. \"If, let's say if, there is concrete evidence that an eruption is coming, we not only need to evacuate Singapore, we may need to evacuate places such as Indonesia, Malaysia, Southern Thailand and maybe even Southern Philippines. In a worst case scenario, we may have to evacuate nearly three-quarters of Southeast Asia.\" \"How do you define a worst case scenario?\" A minster asked. \"Well, since we do not have a history of eruptions in Singapore, we can't really define exactly what a worst case scenario is. But what we can do is compare Singapore with Yellowstone Supervolcano. During the last eruption at Yellowstone, pyroclastic flows extended through Montana, Wyoming, Idaho and Utah. However, what we can do to predict a worst case scenario at Singapore is that we scan the whole island using new technology which measures how big a volcano's magma chamber is. That was we can measure the magma chamber beneath Singapore and come up with a possible worst case scenario,\" Geologist Robby replied. \"Send the new technology you have to Singapore at once!\" PM Loh said. Chapter 15 The sounds of a plane engine could be heard as a cargo plane landed at Changi International Airport. In it carried the most advanced geologic and seismic equipment that the USGS had. The plane taxied to the gate and unloaded its cargo. The cargo was immediately sent to the EOS for immediate set-up. At the EOS, Geologist Steve immediately began churning data from the equipment. He dispatched Geologist Yui Hisagawa, Sam and Robby to place the sensors all across the island for monitoring in case anything happened. The task was arduous. Going around the whole entire island and setting up the sensors took the whole day. But at the end of the day, it was worth the hassle. The sensors began transmitting data back to the main database at the EOS. For the first time the 5 geologists could have a first-hand look at how big the magma chamber beneath Singapore was. What they saw drained the blood from their faces, especially for Professor Ong and Sam. The data showed that the magma chamber beneath Singapore was an astounding 70km from East to West and 40km from North to South. In essence, it covered the whole island and the southern part of Malaysia, i.e Johor. It was also 15km deep, deeper than Yellowstone Supervolcano. The data also depicted magma rising to the surface, and fast! It predicted an eruption within 40 days with the current amount of activity. Just then, 3 earthquakes struck. The first measured a 4.2 at Kent Ridge Park. The second measured a 3.5 at Seletar reservoir. The third measured 4.8 at Changi International Airport. All three earthquakes were relatively shallow ones, ranging from 5-30km beneath the surface. The ground detection monitor sounded an alarm. The ground was rising at an alarming rate of 5cm a day at the Central Catchment Reserve (where the major reservoirs and nature reserves were), and 2cm for the rest of the island. They now had concrete evidence of an imminent eruption. It was time to start evacuating. NOW! Chapter 16 Tom was at home, surfing the net for news about the earthquakes and \"geysers\" that have been plaguing Singapore for a while now. It had been 2 months since the strange occurrences started, and it showed no sign of slowing down or dying off. There were many articles circulating across the net about the occurrences, most of them being first-hand experiences and thoughts about the occurrences. However, he came across an article by a scientist from the USGS talking about Singapore. He discussed about the reasons that Singapore was experiencing the strange occurrences and came to the conclusion that Singapore IS a Supervolcano and it is going to erupt soon. Tom started to panic. \"Impossible. No this can't be,\" he said. He could not bring himself to the conclusion that his country of over 5 million people was about to erupt with devastating consequences. There has to be a mistake, Tom thought to himself. Surely Singapore can't be a volcano? What would this mean if say Singapore was a Supervolcano? If there was an evacuation of the island, where could people go to? And what would happen to the neighbouring countries of Malaysia, Indonesia, Brunei and Thailand? Would they also be affected by the eruption? Thoughts flooded Tom's head as he tried to search for answers. He took a look at the geologist's name. Doctor Robby Hugh of the USGS. And he said that he was reporting from Singapore. Tom did not hesitate. He ran out of his house to look for this geologist at once, ignoring his sister's shouts at him. Chapter 17 Tom approached the EOS nervously. He had no idea what he was going to say to the receptionist at the desk to allow him to see Dr Robby Hugh of the USGS. He closed his eyes and took in a deep breath. Here we go, he thought. He walked nervously through the automatic door. He stopped at the receptionist and told her what he was here for. The receptionist looked at him as though he was crazy and said that all visits to the geologists working there needed to have appointments before people could see them. Tom pleaded to the receptionist but to no avail. Just as he was about to walk away, Dr Robby Hugh walked through the door with Sam, back from a routine check of sensors and detectors across the island. \"What's all the commotion here Laura? And what is this boy doing here?\" Sam asked. \"I'm here to meet Dr Robby Hugh. I've got some questions to ask him,\" Tom said. \"Is that so? Fine then come on up and we can have a talk the office,\" Dr Robby said to Tom with a smile. The three of them went up to Dr Robby's temporary office. Dr Robby poured some coffee for the three of them and started talking. \"So then, what does a young man like you want to ask me?\" Dr Robby asked jokingly. \"I want to clarify on an article which you wrote recently,\" Tom said. Dr Robby's smile disappeared, His expression became more serious. He looked at Sam and nodded. It was time to tell the public about this. \"What's your name young man?\" Dr Robby asked. \"Tom sir,\" Tom replied \"Well then Tom, what you read in the article is true. Everything is true. Singapore IS going to erupt, and it is going to erupt soon,\" Dr Robby explained. \"Impossible. We're not located near any fault lines or tectonic plates,\" Tom protested. \"Come. Let me show you something son,\" Dr Robby said in a gentle yet serious tone. He and Sam brought Tom to the earthquake research centre where Geologist Steve, Yui and Professor Ong were currently monitoring the situation. Tom saw all the seismograms and complicated data on the computer and his head whirled in confusion. \"Guys, this is Tom. He is a student and is interested in the current situation. Hence I brought him here to let him have a look at what's happening now,\" Dr Robby introduced Tom to his colleagues. He then proceeded to show Tom all the monitors, computers and sensors. \"My boy, if you're wondering what is going on, this is what is going on,\" Dr Robby told Tom as Tom looked around the room baffled by all the high-tech equipment. Professor Ong stood up and went to Tom. He said in a serious tone,\" Tom, what you're looking at right now is very important. As you can see, there has been thousands of earthquakes that have struck Singapore over the past month or so. Plus, there has recently been uplift of the ground around the reservoirs and some parts of the island. Do you know what this means?\" \"Yes. Singapore is going to erupt isn't it?\" Tom asked. \"Unfortunately my boy, yes. Singapore is going to erupt. We don't know when, but we know that there's not much time left before she erupts. Maybe at best a month or so? Worse case is only a few weeks. A few weeks to evacuate more than a quarter of a billion people in South-East Asia,\" Professor Ong said with a sigh. \"What can I do then?\" Tom asked. \"Tell your friends and family. Tell as many people as you can as to what is going to happen. Warn them that they have to evacuate now. YOU have to evacuate now Tom,\" Professor Ong warned. \"But what about you?\" Tom asked again. \"We'll stay here until the eruption or just before the eruption to monitor the progress of events. Now go and warn anyone that you know,\" Dr Robby replied. Tom looked around the room for a few more seconds. Then, he left the room and hurried back to his home. Chapter 18 Tom arrived back at his home at night. His parents and sister were watching the tv. When his mother saw him, she asked, \"Tom, where have you been? I couldn't contact you.\" \"Sorry mum, something cropped up which I had to attend to,\" Tom replied \"Anyways, Tom, come sit with us. The news is showing a special program now,\" his father said. The tv was showing a documentary of Yellowstone volcano. It talked about the signs of an eruption and what would occur if an eruption happened. The effects will be devastating. Nearly two-thirds of the United States would be deemed to be uninhabitable to live in and temperatures will plummet about 20 degrees Celsius worldwide. The documentary ended and the news anchor started to speak. \"As the documentary has shown, a Supervolcano eruption will devastate the world in ways cannot imagined. Unfortunately, although the Yellowstone Supervolcano is in no imminent danger of erupting, another Supervolcano is waiting to blow just half a world away, down here in Singapore. Experts and ASEAN leaders have predicted what might happen if Singapore were to erupt. And the effects will be devastating beyond measure. Experts and ASEAN leaders have predicted that in a worst case scenario, the volcano will erupt and wipe off Singapore from the map. Not just that, the pyroclastic flow from the eruption may reach as far as Thailand, the Philippines and Indonesia, possibly killing more than a quarter of a billion people, and many more injured. Hospitals will not be able to cope with the number of injured as thousands pour into hospitals, burnt by the pyroclastic flows or suffocated by choking ash produced. Millions more will be without electricity and may not have food, water and shelter in the immediate aftermath of this colossus disaster, the worst disaster in human history. Hence, the governments of Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia, Thailand and the Philippines have ordered all their citizens to begin immediate evacuation from the danger zone. This danger zone includes the whole island and islands of Singapore, the whole of Malaysia which includes Sabah and Sarawak, everything west of Jakarta plus the Kalimantan region, Indonesia, southern and central Thailand till Bangkok, and the southern Philippine islands of Minanao. The yellow zone will include Northern Thailand, Cambodia, Laos, East Timor and the Philippine islands of Leyte. People living in those areas are advised to either evacuate or stockpile at least 10 days' worth of food and water.[Chapter 2] Tom suddenly awoke from his dreams. He thought he felt a tremor. Could it be an earthquake? Impossible, he thought. Singapore wasn't located near any tectonic plate nor was it a volcano. Maybe it was an mrt (Mass rapid transit, a train service in Singapore) train. After all, he was living near to a depot where trains went into and out of it every now and then and made a vibration when they left. Tom dismissed the tremor and went back to sleep. He had school tomorrow and needed to sleep well. \"Good morning sleepy head,\" my best friend John greeted me. \"Morning, \"I replied. I looked around the class. There seemed to be a lot of discussion happening among our class students. I asked John, \"What's going on?\" \"Dude, I didn't know you were so unobservant. Didn't' you feel the tremor last night?\" John asked I was shocked. So other people also felt the tremor? Did an earthquake happen in Indonesia? Thoughts filled my mind as I thought of what could've caused the tremor. Suddenly, Mrs Yip, our geography teacher, came into the classroom. \"Good morning Mrs Yip,\" the class said in unison before taking a seat. \"Now as you all ay have heard or felt there was a tremor last night. Now it is unclear which part of Indonesia…...\" Mrs Yip rambled on. Ah yes Geography class. One of most interesting subjects I've learnt yet it also can be one of the most boring lessons. Today we were supposed to learn about rock formation but instead, we started to relearn earthquakes again due to the tremor last night. Oh boy this is going to be a long lesson, Tom thought to himself. In the middle of the class Tom was beginning to fall asleep. He learnt this topic already and felt bored. He was about to doze off when the table began shaking. The shaking grew more intense. \"Earthquake!\" someone exclaimed. Tom knew the protocol. He instinctively hid underneath the table to protect himself from any falling debris that could fall from the ceiling. Fortunately, the quake was not strong and lasted only a few seconds. Tom emerged out of his table and heaved a sigh of relief. The rest of the class did. That was very strange, Tom thought. It was the second tremor of the day. Tom knew something was amiss. But he didn't know what. He was going to get to the bottom of this no matter what.[Chapter 3] At the Earth Observatory of Singapore (EOS. It researches on earthquakes, volcanoes and tsunamis, something like the USGS), Professor David Ong was worried. He was studying the tremor that struck yesterday. He checked the location and depth. The computer gathered the data. What he saw shocked him. The computer showed: Magnitude 3.8 earthquake struck on Sunday, 21st November 2015. Location, 15km beneath Singapore near Macritchie reservoir. Impossible! Singapore wasn't located anywhere close to a tectonic plate. He double checked the data. The data showed the same thing. He called his colleague Sam. \"Sam, we have a problem.\" Doctor Sam Wong quickened his footsteps. He heard what Professor David said and was rushing to the earthquake research room. When he reached, he quickly checked the computer data. He was also shocked. Thoughts filled his mind as to what could've caused the tremor. He could think of nothing. Suddenly he thought of Yellowstone, a super volcano located in the United States. He shrugged of the thought. That couldn't be happening in Singapore. There was no history of earthquakes or volcanoes in Singapore. The only earthquakes that could be felt was from Indonesia. Sam said to David, \"What do you think could've caused the earthquake?\" \"I'm not sure. Maybe from construction of underground mrt tunnels that could've disturbed the ground. But even so the earthquake cannot be so big,\" David replied. \"We've got to find out what is happening. The news will most probably be reporting of this incident soon and when that happens we must give the public and answer,\" David told Sam. \"Gotcha,\" Sam replied. Both of them started working to find out what caused the tremor by checking instruments and data. However, by the time they had finished sifting through the data that they had, they still had no clue. They were perplexed and were left scratching their heads. Suddenly, the alarm started screeching and they felt the ground shaking. They ducked under the table, waiting for the tremor to stop. After about 10 seconds, everything was over. They checked the seismometer and the computer. The computer showed worrying data. \"WARNING, 4.0 magnitude earthquake struck on Monday, 22nd November at 0910 hours, depth, 20km beneath Singapore. Location, Kent ridge park. They were stunned. They knew immediately that this wasn't good. Something was amiss, and that something was big. They needed to get to the bottom of this, fast.[Chapter 4] At the Singapore Press Holdings building (SPH, the main newspaper agency in Singapore), a flurry of activity was happening. Writers and editors were frantically pacing about trying to get feeds to the tremor incident which was felt nationwide in the early morning. Jessica Wong, an editor who was aiming to be a full-fledged journalist someday, walked into the office. She was in all smiles as she went to write her article. She had gotten a news feed from a man who felt the tremor and was busy writing when computer began moving. She held onto the computer. Jessica thought, another earthquake? About 10 seconds later, the shaking stopped. All her colleagues were in somewhat shock. However, after a while, everybody came to their senses and returned to their work. Her boss came up to her. \"Go to the EOS and talk to Professor David Ong. He appears to have some leads on this incident,\" her boss said. Jessica obeyed and went to the EOS. She had some questions of her own as well.[Chapter 5] Jessica arrived the Nanyang Technological University (NTU) and headed to the EOS office. There she asked to meet Professor David Ong, but was told that he was busy. Jessica couldn't wait. She asked for his office number but was told to wait. Jessica became impatient and demanded to see the Professor. She flashed her credentials at the staff. The staff person sighed at called Professor David Ong. After a while she put down the phone and told Jessica to take the lift to the 4th floor. Jessica thanked the staff and proceeded. When she reached the 4th floor, she looked at the staff directory to look for Professor Ong. Once she found it, she went straight to his office. She knocked at the door. \"Come in,\" a voice said. Jessica opened the door and found Professor Ong sitting at his desk staring at his computer. She sat down and immediately started to ask questions. \"Professor Ong, what could've caused the 2 tremors that we felt this morning?\" Jessica asked. \"Well, we are not sure for now. You see, earthquakes are very uncommon in Singapore. Most of them are just tremors felt from an earthquake in Indonesia, but to see 2 earthquakes in 1 day that occurred in Singapore is simply baffling. Even we are at a loss as to what caused it,\" Professor Ong explained. Jessica nodded as Professor Ong went on. Just as they were done talking, Professor Ong's coffee started to sway. It was another tremor! Professor Ong didn't hesitate, he rushed to the earthquake research room. Jessica followed. This time the quake lasted longer. When the both of them reached the room, Sam was there. \"Magnitude 4.8 David,\" Sam said. Professor Ong went to see the data as the alarm continued wailing. The computer screen showed: WARNING: Magnitude 4.8 struck on Monday, 22nd September at 1210 hours. Depth, 4km beneath Singapore. Location: Bishan mrt depot. Both Professor Ong and Sam were in shock. This was the 3rd sizable earthquake in a day. Throughout the day there had been hundreds of small earthquakes located throughout the island. Most of them were magnitudes 1 and 2 and a few magnitude 3s. Those earthquakes couldn't be felt as they were too small. But 3 large earthquakes (Magnitude 4 and above would be considered large to Singapore as the country rarely experiences earthquakes) in a day, it was mind blowing. \"Go back to SPH,\" Professor Ong told Jessica. \"We have important work to do and this concerns the very safety of Singapore. We do not want to be disturbed.\" \"Ok,\" Jessica said rather grudgingly. She had more questions to ask, and the latest tremor further added fuel to her desire to ask questions. She left the building and went back to report to her boss.[Chapter 6] Jessica arrived the Nanyang Technological University (NTU) and headed to the EOS office. There she asked to meet Professor David Ong, but was told that he was busy. Jessica couldn't wait. She asked for his office number but was told to wait. Jessica became impatient and demanded to see the Professor. She flashed her credentials at the staff. The staff person sighed and called Professor David Ong. After a while she put down the phone and told Jessica to take the lift to the 4th floor. Jessica thanked the staff and proceeded. When she reached the 4th floor, she looked at the staff directory to look for Professor Ong. Once she found it, she went straight to his office. She knocked at the door. \"Come in,\" a voice said. Jessica opened the door and found Professor Ong sitting at his desk staring at his computer. She sat down and immediately started to ask questions. \"Professor Ong, what could've caused the 2 tremors that we felt this morning?\" Jessica asked. \"Well, we are not sure for now. You see, earthquakes are very uncommon in Singapore. Most of them are just tremors felt from an earthquake in Indonesia, but to see 2 earthquakes in 1 day that occurred in Singapore is simply baffling. Even we are at a loss as to what caused it,\" Professor Ong explained. Jessica nodded as Professor Ong went on. Just as they were done talking, Professor Ong's coffee started to sway. It was another tremor! Professor Ong didn't hesitate, he rushed to the earthquake research room. Jessica followed. This time the quake lasted longer. When the both of them reached the room, Sam was there. \"Magnitude 4.8 David,\" Sam said. Professor Ong went to see the data as the alarm continued wailing. The computer screen showed: WARNING: Magnitude 4.8 struck on Monday, 22nd September at 1210 hours. Depth, 4km beneath Singapore. Location: Bishan mrt depot. Both Professor Ong and Sam were in shock. This was the 3rd sizable earthquake in a day. Throughout the day there had been hundreds of small earthquakes located throughout the island. Most of them were magnitudes 1 and 2 and a few magnitude 3s. Those earthquakes couldn't be felt as they were too small. But 3 large earthquakes (Magnitude 4 and above would be considered large to Singapore as the country rarely experiences earthquakes) in a day, it was mind blowing. \"Go back to SPH,\" Professor Ong told Jessica. \"We have important work to do and this concerns the very safety of Singapore. We do not want to be disturbed.\" \"Ok,\" Jessica said rather grudgingly. She had more questions to ask, and the latest tremor further added fuel to her desire to ask questions. She left the building and went back to report to her boss.[Chapter 7] Tom was watching the news that night. He was joined by his sister Jennifer and his parents. He loved and admired his sister. His sister was a university student studying Geography with hopes to be a geologist at the USGS someday. That was one reason why he loved geography. He was watching the news when it was interrupted. \"We interrupt the current program to give you breaking news. A 15-year-old girl was severely injured this afternoon after hot water apparently shot out of the ground from a crack after an earthquake .The incident occurred at 1210 near the Bishan mrt depot. An eyewitness said that he saw the girl trying to catch fishes when suddenly the ground shook and a crack appeared in the ground. He went on to further say that after the tremor hot water shot out of the crack into the sky, pouring itself on the girl. Ambulance arrived shortly to take the girl to the hospital for treatment. She is said to be in critical condition and is in the ICU (Intensive care unit). Police are investigating the cause of the source of the water. Stay tuned for more breaking news.\" Tom and his family were shocked. The incident occurred close to where they lived. Tom immediately went onto his labtop to read up more about the incident. He was joined by his sister. Apparently the girl was catching fishes which was an illegal act according to the law. Tom read on. The news article further stated that the water shot up from the crack reached a height of 30 metres and lasted for about 30-40 seconds. Poor girl, Tom and his sister thought. \"Tom, you do know this incident is connected to the strange events that happened today right?\" His sister asked. \"Of course I do. And I have a bad feeling about this,\" Tom replied. The two siblings knew that what was going to happen during the next few days would not be good. They gulped. All they could hope for was for this event to end soon. However, their wish would not be granted.[Chapter 8] Professor David Ong was attending an emergency meeting held by the Prime Minister(PM) Mr Peter Loh. All the important ministers and scientists were discussing about the recent strange events. They were joined shortly by the Malaysian Prime Minster. PM Loh started to speak. \"Dear ministers and scientists, you may have felt and heard about the recent abnomalies that are happening around the island. Yesterday, a 4.8 magnitude earthquake struck in Bishan and is the largest earthquake in record in Singapore. This, together with a geyser like occurrence which left a girl in the ICU, has caused widespread panic among the population. Our counterparts in Malaysia said those in Johor also felt the earthquake. What we need now are answers. Professor Ong, do you have an answer to this?\" \"With all due respects Prime minister, we have no answer as to the abnormalies. It's just too short a duration to get answers. We need more time to find out what exactly is happening,\" Professor Ong replied. \"Ok. What resources and how much time do you need to get answers?\" PM Loh asked \"Firstly Prime minister, we need more seismographs and experts who have experience in these kind of events. In fact, we need geologists from the USGS to assist us,\" Professor Ong replied. \"Fine then. I'll get the USGS to send some of their geologists here. And you can also work with Malaysian geologists too. As for the seismometers and seismographs, we'll get them to you as soon as possible,\" PM Loh answered.[Chapter 9] Back at the EOS, Professor David Ong went to the earthquake research centre. He asked Sam,\" any update?\" \"Well, if you say bad news yes. Over the past 4 hours there have been 40 earthquakes of varying magnitudes. Mainly magnitudes 1 and 2 but a few magnitude 3s,\" Sam replied. \"And the locations?\" Professor Ong asked. \"Mainly beneath Macritchie and Pierce reservoirs. About 20 earthquakes there. All magnitude 1s and 2s. 2 beneath Pulau Ubin, magnitude 2.6 and 2.3, 4 at the place where the geyser appeared yesterday, 12 at the Seletar reservoirs, 2 3.2s there, and 2 magnitude 2s at Bedok reservoir,\" Sam elaborated. \"This is not good. Most of the earthquakes are beneath reservoirs. That raises the possibility that magma is rising towards the surface,\" Professor Ong said in a serious tone. \"Professor you aren't seriously thinking that Singapore is a volcano are you?\" Sam asked bewildered. \"But the recent events do raise eyebrows,\" Professor Ong replied. \"But Professor…,\" Sam was talking when the ground shook. Both of them lost their balance and fell as the alarm went off. Both of them immediately checked the seismograph and the computer. The seismograph recorded another 4.8 magnitude earthquake while the computer alarm sounded. WARNING: 4.8 magnitude earthquake struck on November 23rd 2015. Location: 10km beneath Macritchie reservoir. Professor Ong and Sam looked at each other. The previous 4.8 magnitude earthquake caused a person's death. They wondered what damage it would cause this time.[Chapter 10] Sean was with his family at Macritchie reservoir for canoeing. His kids had wanted to canoe for a long time coming but Sean was busy with his work. Now that he could take leave off to spend time with his family, he thought this would be the best time to bring his kids canoeing. \"Come on kids, you have to hurry in order to canoe,\" Sean said to his children \"Coming daddy,\" his son Alex said. Sean reached the canoe renting place with his children and rented a 3-seater canoe. He could not wait to paddle around the reservoir with his children and show them the rich wildlife that inhabited the reservoir. \"Come on daddy,\" his daughter Hui Wen said. Sean put the canoe on the water and helped his son and daughter into the canoe. He started paddling across the reservoir. He pointed at the animals and trees that lined around the coast of the reservoir. Suddenly, the water around him started to ripple. Another earthquake, he thought. He didn't think much of it as he had gotten used to the shaking. However, he was just about to paddle when the water around him started to bubble. He was curious and stopped to take a look. The bubbles were getting bigger and within a split second, he and his children were thrown up nearly 60 feet into the air by a gush of boiling water. Water sprayed all over them. The three of them crashed hard on the water. His son and daughter were killed instantly by the crash. Sean lost consciousness and drowned. People who were at the café rushed out to see the spectacular geyser that erupted from the water after the earthquake. However, all of them were in shock when they saw three bodies in the sky. \"Someone call 995,\" a passer-by said. People frantically called 995 as they watched the family of three crash hard into the water. Everyone gasped. A few people wanted to go into the water to save the family of three but were stopped by other people who thought it to be too dangerous due to the boiling water that covered the area. The ambulance soon arrived. Divers were called in to try to save the family of three. However, after the divers retrieved the bodies, the bodies were pronounced as dead.[Chapter 11] Chapter 10 All around Singapore, the news about what had happened at Macritchie reservoir was being shown at all big screen televisions. People were shocked about the geyser that caused three deaths. They wondered what would happen when the next earthquake struck. Professor David Ong heard the news and was pacing around the earthquake research centre, anxiously waiting for the next earthquake to happen. He wanted to know how big the next quake will be, and at which location. He heard the alarm go off. WARNING: Magnitude 4.4 struck on 23rd November 2015 at 1630. Location and depth: 7km beneath Bukit Panjang shopping mall. Another alarm soon followed, then another and another. He watched as 5 earthquakes struck the island at different locations within a minute. It was a record for Singapore! Never before had an event like this happened. However, there was nothing he could do. He did not have the expertise, equipment or experience unlike the geologists at the USGS. To uncover this mystery, he needed the USGS geologists to arrive, and fast![Chapter 12] USGS Geologist Robby Hugh of the Yellowstone Volcano Observatory (YVO) and Steve Richardson of the Cascades Volcano Observatory (CVO) arrived at Changi International Airport. They brought along a special guest from the Japan Metrological Agency. Her name was Yui Hisagawa. She specialised in studying earthquakes and interpreting them. The 3 of them were getting their luggage and equipment when they felt a tremor. It shook the ground but was over within about 15 seconds. The 3 of them knew this wasn't good so they quickly got all their belongings and equipment and called a taxi to go to the EOS where they were needed. Nearly an hour later, they finally arrived at the EOS. They immediately asked for directions to the earthquake research centre. There they met Professor David Ong and his colleague Sam Wong. After a brief introduction the 5 of them got to work setting up the equipment and monitoring the seismograph. For about 4 hours nothing happened. Professor David Ong and Sam were baffled. Normally there'd be at least 4-5 small earthquakes by now. This just did not make sense. Suddenly, the computer lit up and the alarm sounded. Earthquake instruments measured a magnitude 4.9. The computer showed: WARNING: Magnitude 4.9 struck on November 26th 2015. Location and depth: 5.5km beneath Resorts World Sentosa. Another earthquake struck. This time it measured a magnitude 3.5 and it struck Lower Pierce reservoir. A 3rd earthquake struck. It measured 4.5 and struck Upper Pierce reservoir. All three earthquakes struck within seconds from each other. Professor Ong and Sam were shocked while the USGS and Japanese geologists were surprised. \"Damm. What have we been missing out here?\" Geologist Robby asked. \"Nothing much other than the few thousand earthquakes that have struck now,\" Sam said jokingly. \"This is a worrying sign. We must set up ground movement detectors all around the island before it's too late,\" Geologist Steve said \"Why not the 3 of you guys go while me and Sam will stay here and continue monitoring the situation?\" Geologist Yui asked. \"Great idea. In that case, let's start going,\" Steve said.[Chapter 13] Professor David Ong together with the USGS geologists reached Upper Pierce reservoir. The park was almost empty apart from a few joggers. As they approached the reservoir, they noticed bubbles rising to the surface. They also noticed a dead tree that was close to the water. \"That is definitely a sign of carbon dioxide poisoning,\" Geologist Robby said. Meanwhile, Geologist Steve approached the water and gathered a few drops of water for sampling. He also placed down earthquake and ground sensors: whether the ground was rising or not. After he had finished, the three of them went to Lower Pierce reservoir. The scene there was different than at Upper Pierce. There were more people walking and fishing, oblivious to the threat that lay beneath their feet. The 3 of them ignored the people and went to do their work. They placed earthquake and ground sensors at various locations around the park. They made sure they had activated the devices before heading back to the EOS. It was at that moment when the ground shook. The shaking lasted for about 20 seconds and measured a 4.4 magnitude. Immediately after that, the water in the reservoir started to bubble vigorously. Suddenly, a gush of water shot up 100 feet into the air. Everyone that saw the spectacle were amazed. However, it was boiling water that was shooting up and it splashed onto the people who were fishing nearby. Screams were heard as people groaned in agony while they were being scalded by the water. It was chaos everywhere as people ran away from the reservoir as fast as they could. Another fountain of water erupted. Then another. And another. Soon there were 7 fountains of boiling water shooting 100 feet into the air. \"This is not good. We need to hurry and set up the equipment,\" Robby said. The 3 of them packed their stuff into their bags and hurried off to other reservoirs.[Chapter 14] Parliament was abuzz as ministers discussed the seismic matter among themselves. PM Loh motioned Parliament to be seated and began to speak. \"I'd like to bring all your attention to Professor David Ong who will be speaking about the strange events that are happening recently.\" Professor Ong began telling Parliament about the increasing seismic activity that was occurring and the ground uplifting that was happening at Macritchie reservoir. He told them of the significance of the events and that an evacuation of Singapore may be needed if there was concrete evidence of an upcoming eruption. That was when Geologist Robby came and interrupted. \"If, let's say if, there is concrete evidence that an eruption is coming, we not only need to evacuate Singapore, we may need to evacuate places such as Indonesia, Malaysia, Southern Thailand and maybe even Southern Philippines. In a worst case scenario, we may have to evacuate nearly three-quarters of Southeast Asia.\" \"How do you define a worst case scenario?\" A minster asked. \"Well, since we do not have a history of eruptions in Singapore, we can't really define exactly what a worst case scenario is. But what we can do is compare Singapore with Yellowstone Supervolcano. During the last eruption at Yellowstone, pyroclastic flows extended through Montana, Wyoming, Idaho and Utah. However, what we can do to predict a worst case scenario at Singapore is that we scan the whole island using new technology which measures how big a volcano's magma chamber is. That was we can measure the magma chamber beneath Singapore and come up with a possible worst case scenario,\" Geologist Robby replied. \"Send the new technology you have to Singapore at once!\" PM Loh said.[Chapter 15] The sounds of a plane engine could be heard as a cargo plane landed at Changi International Airport. In it carried the most advanced geologic and seismic equipment that the USGS had. The plane taxied to the gate and unloaded its cargo. The cargo was immediately sent to the EOS for immediate set-up. At the EOS, Geologist Steve immediately began churning data from the equipment. He dispatched Geologist Yui Hisagawa, Sam and Robby to place the sensors all across the island for monitoring in case anything happened. The task was arduous. Going around the whole entire island and setting up the sensors took the whole day. But at the end of the day, it was worth the hassle. The sensors began transmitting data back to the main database at the EOS. For the first time the 5 geologists could have a first-hand look at how big the magma chamber beneath Singapore was. What they saw drained the blood from their faces, especially for Professor Ong and Sam. The data showed that the magma chamber beneath Singapore was an astounding 70km from East to West and 40km from North to South. In essence, it covered the whole island and the southern part of Malaysia, i.e Johor. It was also 15km deep, deeper than Yellowstone Supervolcano. The data also depicted magma rising to the surface, and fast! It predicted an eruption within 40 days with the current amount of activity. Just then, 3 earthquakes struck. The first measured a 4.2 at Kent Ridge Park. The second measured a 3.5 at Seletar reservoir. The third measured 4.8 at Changi International Airport. All three earthquakes were relatively shallow ones, ranging from 5-30km beneath the surface. The ground detection monitor sounded an alarm. The ground was rising at an alarming rate of 5cm a day at the Central Catchment Reserve (where the major reservoirs and nature reserves were), and 2cm for the rest of the island. They now had concrete evidence of an imminent eruption. It was time to start evacuating. NOW![Chapter 16] Tom was at home, surfing the net for news about the earthquakes and \"geysers\" that have been plaguing Singapore for a while now. It had been 2 months since the strange occurrences started, and it showed no sign of slowing down or dying off. There were many articles circulating across the net about the occurrences, most of them being first-hand experiences and thoughts about the occurrences. However, he came across an article by a scientist from the USGS talking about Singapore. He discussed about the reasons that Singapore was experiencing the strange occurrences and came to the conclusion that Singapore IS a Supervolcano and it is going to erupt soon. Tom started to panic. \"Impossible. No this can't be,\" he said. He could not bring himself to the conclusion that his country of over 5 million people was about to erupt with devastating consequences. There has to be a mistake, Tom thought to himself. Surely Singapore can't be a volcano? What would this mean if say Singapore was a Supervolcano? If there was an evacuation of the island, where could people go to? And what would happen to the neighbouring countries of Malaysia, Indonesia, Brunei and Thailand? Would they also be affected by the eruption? Thoughts flooded Tom's head as he tried to search for answers. He took a look at the geologist's name. Doctor Robby Hugh of the USGS. And he said that he was reporting from Singapore. Tom did not hesitate. He ran out of his house to look for this geologist at once, ignoring his sister's shouts at him.[Chapter 17] Tom approached the EOS nervously. He had no idea what he was going to say to the receptionist at the desk to allow him to see Dr Robby Hugh of the USGS. He closed his eyes and took in a deep breath. Here we go, he thought. He walked nervously through the automatic door. He stopped at the receptionist and told her what he was here for. The receptionist looked at him as though he was crazy and said that all visits to the geologists working there needed to have appointments before people could see them. Tom pleaded to the receptionist but to no avail. Just as he was about to walk away, Dr Robby Hugh walked through the door with Sam, back from a routine check of sensors and detectors across the island. \"What's all the commotion here Laura? And what is this boy doing here?\" Sam asked. \"I'm here to meet Dr Robby Hugh. I've got some questions to ask him,\" Tom said. \"Is that so? Fine then come on up and we can have a talk the office,\" Dr Robby said to Tom with a smile. The three of them went up to Dr Robby's temporary office. Dr Robby poured some coffee for the three of them and started talking. \"So then, what does a young man like you want to ask me?\" Dr Robby asked jokingly. \"I want to clarify on an article which you wrote recently,\" Tom said. Dr Robby's smile disappeared, His expression became more serious. He looked at Sam and nodded. It was time to tell the public about this. \"What's your name young man?\" Dr Robby asked. \"Tom sir,\" Tom replied \"Well then Tom, what you read in the article is true. Everything is true. Singapore IS going to erupt, and it is going to erupt soon,\" Dr Robby explained. \"Impossible. We're not located near any fault lines or tectonic plates,\" Tom protested. \"Come. Let me show you something son,\" Dr Robby said in a gentle yet serious tone. He and Sam brought Tom to the earthquake research centre where Geologist Steve, Yui and Professor Ong were currently monitoring the situation. Tom saw all the seismograms and complicated data on the computer and his head whirled in confusion. \"Guys, this is Tom. He is a student and is interested in the current situation. Hence I brought him here to let him have a look at what's happening now,\" Dr Robby introduced Tom to his colleagues. He then proceeded to show Tom all the monitors, computers and sensors. \"My boy, if you're wondering what is going on, this is what is going on,\" Dr Robby told Tom as Tom looked around the room baffled by all the high-tech equipment. Professor Ong stood up and went to Tom. He said in a serious tone,\" Tom, what you're looking at right now is very important. As you can see, there has been thousands of earthquakes that have struck Singapore over the past month or so. Plus, there has recently been uplift of the ground around the reservoirs and some parts of the island. Do you know what this means?\" \"Yes. Singapore is going to erupt isn't it?\" Tom asked. \"Unfortunately my boy, yes. Singapore is going to erupt. We don't know when, but we know that there's not much time left before she erupts. Maybe at best a month or so? Worse case is only a few weeks. A few weeks to evacuate more than a quarter of a billion people in South-East Asia,\" Professor Ong said with a sigh. \"What can I do then?\" Tom asked. \"Tell your friends and family. Tell as many people as you can as to what is going to happen. Warn them that they have to evacuate now. YOU have to evacuate now Tom,\" Professor Ong warned. \"But what about you?\" Tom asked again. \"We'll stay here until the eruption or just before the eruption to monitor the progress of events. Now go and warn anyone that you know,\" Dr Robby replied. Tom looked around the room for a few more seconds. Then, he left the room and hurried back to his home.[Chapter 18] Tom arrived back at his home at night. His parents and sister were watching the tv. When his mother saw him, she asked, \"Tom, where have you been? I couldn't contact you.\" \"Sorry mum, something cropped up which I had to attend to,\" Tom replied \"Anyways, Tom, come sit with us. The news is showing a special program now,\" his father said. The tv was showing a documentary of Yellowstone volcano. It talked about the signs of an eruption and what would occur if an eruption happened. The effects will be devastating. Nearly two-thirds of the United States would be deemed to be uninhabitable to live in and temperatures will plummet about 20 degrees Celsius worldwide. The documentary ended and the news anchor started to speak. \"As the documentary has shown, a Supervolcano eruption will devastate the world in ways cannot imagined. Unfortunately, although the Yellowstone Supervolcano is in no imminent danger of erupting, another Supervolcano is waiting to blow just half a world away, down here in Singapore. Experts and ASEAN leaders have predicted what might happen if Singapore were to erupt. And the effects will be devastating beyond measure. Experts and ASEAN leaders have predicted that in a worst case scenario, the volcano will erupt and wipe off Singapore from the map. Not just that, the pyroclastic flow from the eruption may reach as far as Thailand, the Philippines and Indonesia, possibly killing more than a quarter of a billion people, and many more injured. Hospitals will not be able to cope with the number of injured as thousands pour into hospitals, burnt by the pyroclastic flows or suffocated by choking ash produced. Millions more will be left without electricity and may not have food, water and shelter in the immediate aftermath of this colossus disaster. This massive eruption will be considered as the worst disaster in human history. Hence, the governments of Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia, Thailand and the Philippines have ordered all their citizens to begin immediate evacuation from the danger zone. This danger zone includes the whole island and islands of Singapore, the whole of Malaysia which includes Sabah and Sarawak, everything west of Jakarta plus the Kalimantan region, Indonesia, southern and central Thailand till Bangkok, and the southern Philippine islands of Minanao. The yellow zone will include Northern Thailand, Cambodia, Laos, East Timor and the Philippine islands of Leyte. People living in those areas are advised to either evacuate or stockpile at least 10 days' worth of food and water. Thank you for watching this program. Stay safe and may God bless us all,\" the newswoman said. The broadcast then ended and the normal daily news resumed. \"We need to leave, now. Pack all necessities. We are leaving for New Zealand to join your cousins and uncle living there\", Tom's father said. Tom's mom looked down at the floor, visibly sad. Tom and his sister just nodded and started to pack their stuff. Meanwhile, Tom's father went to book a flight to New Zealand. All around, noises could be heard as neighbours started packing their valuables and necessities too, preparing to leave Singapore. Tom could not believe his eyes. For the first time, he was leaving his home country, and he did not know whether it will be permanent or not. The thought of it scared him. He started packing to keep his mind out of that thought.[Chapter 19] All around Singapore, people were quickly booking air tickets to fly out of the country, to escape from the inevitable. Websites were overwhelmed by the sheer number of people booking air tickets, and at Changi International Airport, security and custom officers struggled to contain the crowds as people frantically tried to check-in and enter the departure hall. It was utter chaos there. Meanwhile, the scene at the Tuas and Woodlands checkpoints, which were checkpoints to enter Johor, Malaysia, were no different. Traffic could not move as thousands of cars were trying to enter Malaysia, trying to evacuate from Singapore. Expressways, roads, streets, everywhere was jammed by people trying to get out of Singapore. The government tried to calm things down by asking citizens to remain calm and evacuate in an orderly manner, but with minimal effect. Shopping malls, schools, houses, restaurants, all were empty. The train system broke down as there were too many people trying to reach the airport or the cruise terminal via train. It resulted in commuters having to wait for hours in the trains without air conditioning and packed like sardines before the train system became operational again. People suffocated, vomited and some even fainted due to the cramped and poorly-ventilated condition in the trains. Soon, Singapore stopped to function as a country. In Malaysia and Indonesia, the situation was worse as they did not have adequate infrastructure in place to cope with a sudden mass evacuation. Riots erupted all across Malaysia and Indonesia as people scrambled to get food, water and medicine. Riot police were called in to disperse the crowds and thousands of people were arrested. Their governments declared martial law while the evacuation was underway, and this managed to loosen the tense situation for the time being.[Chapter 20] At the EoS, Professor Ong and his colleagues were anxiously monitoring the situation, which was far from perfect. The reservoirs had risen by nearly 1 foot, and the rest of Singapore had risen by around 20cm. New geyser activity was also popping out all over the islands of Singapore, and Singapore itself. Earthquake activity was also increasing, with more than 500 earthquakes happening every day, and they were slowly becoming shallower. The geologists discussed among themselves how long they had left before the eruption happened, and they all agreed they had less than 1 month left at most, maybe less if the activity became worse. They decided to shift their equipment underground in case the eruption occurred without warning, as so do many other volcanoes. Once they had finished shifting, they got back to monitoring. Just then, the alarm sounded and a 4.2 magnitude earthquake struck about 5 km from Changi International Airport. Meanwhile, Tom and his family were heading towards the airport but they were faced with a tremendous jam on the Pan-island Expressway as thousands of people were heading there was well. Tom called John to ask where he was and John said he was at the airport, but that they airport was so crowded he had barely enough room to move. Tom's dad checked the distance left to reach the airport. \"About 5 kilometres more, but damm this will take forever with the pace this jam is going\" he uttered. Suddenly, a gush of steam and water erupted from a nearby canal, making a huge boom and creating a mass panic. People started getting out of their vehicles and began running towards the airport. Ironically, the expressway soon became almost devoid of people. Tom's mum huddled with his Dad, obviously frightened, while his Dad comforted her. \"Well, shall we walk then?\" Tom's Dad asked. The rest of his family nodded. They got off the taxi and began talking towards the airport with their luggage in tow. ","Summary":" Supervolcano: Singapore Before I start the story, here are a few useful definitions to take note of"}]